                                                                            
                               UNITED STATES                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
                           Washington, D.C. 20549                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                 FORM 10-K                                  
                                                                            
(Mark One)
                                                                            
  ☒    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES      
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                     OR                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  ☐    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                       For transition period from to                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
                      Commission File Number 001-40325                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)           
                                                         
  Delaware                           45-3264542          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                                                            
                            1100 Page Mill Road                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                        Palo Alto, California 94304                         
                                                                            
 (Address of registrant's principal executive offices, including zip code)  
                                                                            
                              ( 800) 839-9646                               
                                                                            
            (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)            
        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:         
                                                                            
  Title of each class         Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange on    
                                                which registered            
  Class A common stock,                         The Nasdaq Stock Market     
  par value $0.00003          APP               LLC                         
  per share                                                                 
                                                                            
      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None      
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a)
of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in
the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial
statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the registrant’s voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, the last
business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $
7.50billion based on the closing sales price of the registrant’s Class A
common stock on that date. Shares of the registrant's Class A common stock
and Class B common stock held by each executive officer and director and by
each person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been
excluded from this computation. This determination of affiliate status is
not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

As of February 22, 2023, the number of shares of the registrant's Class A
common stock outstanding was 305,240,598and the number of shares of the
registrant's Class B common stock outstanding was 71,162,622. No shares of
the registrant’s Class C common stock were outstanding as of February 22,
2023.
                                                                            
                    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE                     
                                                                            
Portions of the registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. Such Definitive Proxy Statement
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days
after the end of the registrant’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                             Table of Contents                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                      Page  
  Part I                                                           2        
  Item 1.       Business                                           2        
  Item 1A.      Risk Factors                                      11        
  Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments                         45        
  Item 2.       Properties                                        45        
  Item 3.       Legal Proceedings                                 45        
  Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures                           45        
  Part II                                                         46        
                Market for Registrant's Common Equity,                      
  Item 5.       Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer            46        
                Purchases of Equity Securities                              
  Item 6.       [Reserved]                                        47        
  Item 7.       Management's Discussion and Analysis of           48        
                Financial Condition and Results of Operations               
  Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures          67        
                About Market Risk                                           
  Item 8.       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data       68        
  Item 9.       Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants    109        
                on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                      
  Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures                          109        
  Item 9B.      Other Information                                109        
  Item 9C.      Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions       109        
                that Prevent Inspections                                    
  Part III                                                       110        
  Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate      110        
                Governance                                                  
  Item 11.      Executive Compensation                           110        
                Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial                    
  Item 12.      Owner and Management and Related Stockholder     110        
                Matters                                                     
  Item 13.      Certain Relationship and Related                 110        
                Transactions, and Director Independence                     
  Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services           110        
  Part IV                                                        111        
  Item 15.      Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules        111        
  Item 16.      Form 10-K Summary                                114        
  Signatures                                                     115        
                                                                            
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                     
                                                                            
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve
substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally
relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain
words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,”
“could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these
words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations,
strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K include statements about:

• our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our
revenue, cost of revenue, and operating expenses, and our ability to achieve
or maintain future profitability;

• the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity
needs;

• the demand for our AppLovin Software Platform and AppLovin Apps;

• our ability to attract and retain clients and users;

• our ability to develop new products, features, and enhancements for our
AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software Platform and to launch or
acquire new AppLovin Apps and successfully monetize them;

• our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in existing and
new markets and offerings;

• our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and assets and
to expand and diversify our operations through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships;

• our ability to maintain the security and availability of our AppLovin Core
Technologies, AppLovin Software Platform, and AppLovin Apps;

• our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and
regulations, including with respect to taxation and privacy and data
protection;

• our ability to manage risk associated with our business;

• our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;

• our ability to develop and protect our brand;

• our expectations and management of future growth;

• our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;

• our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel;
• our expectations regarding our share repurchase program;

• our expectations regarding the impact of COVID-19, the macroeconomic
environment, including rising inflation and interest rates, and the war in
Ukraine;
• our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property;
and

• the increased expenses associated with being a public company.

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-
looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future
events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and
projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The
outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is
subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those
described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly
changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time
and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that
could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events,
and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be
achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.
                                     1                                      
Table of Content s

Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate
only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the
occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not
actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our
forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our
forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect
the potential impact of any future acquisitions, partnerships, mergers,
dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our
beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based
upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis
for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our
statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an
exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are
cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
╔═ § ══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                          ║
║                                  Part I                                  ║
║                                                                          ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 1. Business                                                        │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our mission is to help companies grow their apps and accelerate their
business. Our full stack software solution provides advanced tools for
mobile app developers to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing
the marketing and monetization of their apps. We also operate a portfolio of
owned mobile apps and accelerated our market penetration through an active
acquisition and partnership strategy. Our scaled business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong growth.

AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app developers, in particular
mobile game developers, solving key marketing and monetization challenges.
Through our technologies and scaled distribution, developers are able to
manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing investments, and improve the
monetization of their apps. The key elements of our solutions are delivered
through the AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software Platform:

• AppLovin Core Technologies : Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON
machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph, and our elastic cloud
infrastructure. Our App Graph stores and manages anonymized data from
hundreds of millions of mobile devices we reach every day, which our AXON
engine then leverages to better predict and match users to relevant
advertising content.

• AppLovin Software Platform : Our Software Platform includes a
comprehensive suite of tools for developers to get their mobile apps
discovered and downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing
spend, and maximize monetization of engagement.

• AppDiscovery, our marketing software solution, is the cornerstone of our
Software Platform, augmented by our rapidly growing MAX monetization
solution. AppDiscovery is powered by AXON and provides the technology to
match advertiser demand with publisher supply through auctions at vast scale
and microsecond- level speeds.

• Adjust is our SaaS mobile marketing platform which allows marketers to
make smarter decisions through measurement, attribution, and fraud
prevention.

• MAX utilizes an advanced in-app bidding technology that optimizes the
value of a developer’s advertising inventory by running a real-time
competitive auction, driving more competition, and higher returns for
publishers.
• Wurl is a connected TV (CTV) platform which primarily distributes
streaming video for content companies, as well as provides solutions to
maximize advertising revenue and attract consumers.
In 2018, given an opportunity to scale our own apps using our Software
Platform, insights, and expertise in the mobile app ecosystem, we launched
AppLovin Apps (Apps). Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified
portfolio of over 350 free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by
eleven studios including studios that we own (Owned Studios) and others that
we partner with (Partner Studios). Our studios generally focus on the
development of easy to learn and play games, which appeal to a broad range
of demographics, but also develop several games for other genres.

We generate our revenue from our Software Platform and Apps. As more
developers use our Software Platform to market and monetize their mobile
apps, we gain access to more users and more user engagement further
strengthening our scaled distribution. As our distribution grows, we gain
better insights for our App Graph and AXON recommendation engine, which then
further enhances our Software Platform.

We accelerate our capabilities and enhance our strategic position by
actively pursuing acquisitions and partnerships for new technologies and
apps. From the beginning of 2018 through 2022, we have invested nearly $4.0
billion across 29 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app studios,
games, and software platforms.
                                     2                                      
Table of Content s

We report our operating results through two reportable segments: Software
Platform and Apps. These segments align with how our chief operating
decision maker allocates resources and assesses performance of our business.
The amount of revenue derived from our two segments and other relevant data
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. For additional
information, see Note 14 to the Company's consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                            
  Our Core Technologies, Software Platform and Apps                         
                                                                            
We have built and invested in our Core Technologies and Software Platform,
which primarily focus on expanding the mobile app ecosystem by solving key
developer growth challenges. We deliver value to mobile app developers by
helping scale their businesses and maximize their revenue through our
marketing and monetization technologies and expertise. Our Core Technologies
and Software Platform combine marketing, monetization, and analytics into a
single unified technology stack.
                                                                            
  AppLovin Core Technologies                                                
                                                                            
Our Core Technologies are our foundational technology infrastructure, which
powers our Software Platform. Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON
machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph data management layer,
and our elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core Technologies catalog and
consolidate interactions every day into our proprietary App Graph. AXON
receives information from our App Graph and uses its machine-learning
algorithms to match each user to relevant advertising content, driving
better engagement and monetization.

Our flexible, robust cloud infrastructure is the backbone of our Core
Technologies. This proprietary system allows us to operate at massive scale
and process significant data while maintaining a high degree of flexibility,
so that we may keep pace with the ever-evolving needs of our customers. Our
globally distributed data infrastructure ensures we are able to connect with
devices worldwide and process aggregate user activity across our Software
Platform.
                                                                            
  AppLovin Software Platform                                                
                                                                            
Our Software Platform provides a comprehensive suite of tools for developers
to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and
monetization of their apps. This suite is primarily made up of three key
solutions plus the addition of Wurl, which we acquired in April 2022:

• AppDiscovery is our marketing software solution, which matches advertiser
demand with publisher supply through auctions at vast scale and microsecond-
level speeds. AppDiscovery is powered by our AXON machine-learning
recommendation engine with predictive algorithms that enable developers to
match their apps to users that are more likely to download them .

• Adjust is an analytics platform that helps marketers grow their mobile
apps with solutions for measuring and optimizing campaigns and protecting
user data. Adjust powers thousands of apps with built-in intelligence and
automation, backed by responsive global customer support.

• MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of an app’s
advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive auction, driving
more competition and higher returns for publishers. Many developers that
integrate MAX have experienced a measurable increase in their average
revenue per daily active user over traditional monetization tools and save
countless hours because they are able to automate manual monetization work
through its advanced feature set.

• Wurl is a connected TV (CTV) platform which primarily distributes
streaming video for content companies, as well as provides solutions to
maximize advertising revenue and attract consumers.

Our Software Platform is delivered through an integrated and seamless user
interface, allowing developers to accelerate their revenue opportunities and
reduce the time they spend on marketing and monetization.
                                     3                                      
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  AppLovin Apps                                                             
                                                                            
Our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-
play mobile games run by eleven studios with a deep bench of talented
developers. Our diversified portfolio covers five gaming genres, the most
frequent of which is casual games, and appeals to a broad global audience
across different ages, genders, and locations. The strategy of our studios
is to allow developers to focus on creating great Apps, while leveraging our
Software Platform and expertise to unlock the potential of those Apps. Our
Owned Studios and Partner Studios utilize our Software Platform to market
and monetize our Apps. When using our Software Platform, our Apps have an
economic advantage, which benefits our business as a whole.

Early in 2022, given the scale reached by our Software Platform solutions,
in particular AppDiscovery and MAX, we determined we no longer required
access to a first-party portfolio of Apps and therefore commenced a
strategic review of our Apps. We are continuing the optimization of our Apps
portfolio and its cost structure, focusing on how to best optimize each of
those asset’s contribution to our overall financial performance. This review
has resulted in the divestiture or closure of certain studios, a reduction
of headcount, restructuring of earn out arrangements, and other changes to
our Apps portfolio, such as restructuring of certain assets or choosing to
make changes to optimize the cost structure of certain Apps rather than
investing in revenue growth. While we believe we have made substantial
progress on this review, we may take similar actions in the future. We will
continue to manage our Apps portfolio for financial return, including
investing for growth through new game launches, while remaining open to
evaluating opportunities for the retention, restructure, or sale of assets
in the future.
                                                                            
  Our Strategic Acquisitions and Partnerships                               
                                                                            
We have accelerated our technical capabilities, strategic positioning, and
growth through strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We have developed a
proven and repeatable process for acquiring sophisticated technologies that
enhances our Core Technologies and Software Platform and for selecting and
scaling our global Apps portfolio. Our business sits at the nexus of the
mobile app ecosystem, which gives us deep insights into potential
acquisitions and partnerships. Additionally, as a first-hand participant in
the mobile app ecosystem, we have developed a strong relationship with other
participants, allowing us to more easily identify and enter into
partnerships or acquire companies and technologies. Our acquisitions and
partnerships include investments in software, such as our acquisitions of
Adjust, MAX, MoPub, Wurl, and SafeDK, and game studios, such as our
acquisition of PeopleFun and partnership with Belka Games. From the
beginning of 2018 through 2022, we have invested nearly $4.0 billion across
29 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app studios, games, and
software platforms.
                                                                            
  Benefits to Mobile App Developers                                         
                                                                            
We enable mobile app developers to:

• Reach and attract users at scale. Our Software Platform reaches millions
of users per day, enabling developers to target and find the right users for
their apps worldwide. Developers are able to set their user acquisition and
revenue goals to target the most relevant, highest value users.

• Maximize monetization of engagement. Developers use our Software Platform
to generate incremental revenue by maximizing the monetization of their
mobile app ad inventory. Our tools operate at nearly instantaneous speeds
and at vast scale to enhance monetization for developers while preserving
the end user experience.

• Leverage proprietary data and insights. Developers benefit from accessing
comprehensive real-time insights through our customized user dashboards,
helping them optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their
return on investment.

• Automate time consuming and manual processes. Our Software Platform
automates marketing and monetization, allowing developers to focus on
improving their apps rather than managing complex go-to-market processes
manually.

• Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation. Our cloud-based Core Technologies
and Software Platform are continuously updated as the mobile app ecosystem
evolves. Developers on our Software Platform benefit from this ongoing
advancement and optimization, and are able to rapidly adapt to industry
changes in marketing and monetization without losing focus on mobile app
creation.
                                                                            
  Our Strategy for Growth                                                   
                                                                            
We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our growth and further enhance
our market position in the mobile app ecosystem.

• Attracting and retaining the best talent. We intend to continue to invest
in attracting and retaining talent who share our values and will help drive
our future growth.

• Existing market expansion. We have an attractive market opportunity within
our mobile app segments and will continue to invest across our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps.

• Enhance and extend machine-learning platform technologies. As we increase
our scale and reach, we benefit from compounding improvements to our AXON
machine-learning recommendation engine, which in turn improves the efficacy
and growth of our Software Platform solutions.
                                     4                                      
Table of Content s

• Optimize AppLovin Apps. As the operational optimization of our AppLovin
Apps portfolio nears completion, we continue to make appropriate user
acquisition investments, use live-ops to enhance engagement and monetization
of our Apps, leverage internal resources across our subsidiaries and studios
and launch new titles, while remaining open to evaluating opportunities for
the retention, restructure, or sale of assets in the future.

• New market extensions. We believe our technology and expertise are
applicable to other market segments and geographies that we do not currently
address:

◦ Expand into other mobile app segments and industries. Our long-term
objective is to provide critical tools to mobile app developers across
multiple verticals. We also believe our deep expertise and capabilities will
allow us to successfully apply our solutions to tangential sectors,
including with mobile OEMs and carriers and the growing CTV industry.

◦ Geographic expansion and industry partnerships. We have a large
international expansion opportunity given only 39% of our total revenue came
from outside of the United States in 2022. To expand our reach, we plan to
further invest in our sales and marketing to increase penetration among new
and existing clients.

• Pursue accretive strategic acquisitions and partnerships. Given our proven
track record, long-standing relationships with key industry players, and
reputation as a partner of choice, we will continue to explore and consider
acquisition, partnership, and investment opportunities related to our
business or industry.

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps

We solve the marketing and monetization challenges facing mobile app
developers through our Core Technologies and Software Platform. We help grow
the worldwide mobile app ecosystem by enabling developers to scale their
businesses while remaining focused on creating and improving their apps. We
scale our own Apps by fully utilizing our Software Platform and expert
insights, while continuously improving our software for the benefit of all
developers.
                                                                            
  AppLovin Core Technologies                                                
                                                                            
Our Core Technologies power our client-facing Software Platform and consist
of our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph, and a
flexible, robust cloud infrastructure. The underlying elastic architecture
is managed through multiple cloud providers and our own co-located data
centers, handling massive amounts of data while remaining flexible enough to
rapidly add new solutions and technology in response to changing market and
customer needs. Our Core Technologies process device-level data from
millions of devices. Our App Graph stores and manages this anonymized data
allowing AXON to then leverage it to better predict and match users to
relevant advertising content. These insights fuel our Software Platform,
which better matches users to content and create a more personalized
experience.

Our Software Platform also enables real-time auctions that optimize the
value for each impression, while simultaneously enabling developers to
attain an attractive value for each of the impressions from their inventory.
The sum total of these mutually reinforcing software elements has created a
robust and successful marketing and monetization engine that operates at
high scale and speed.
                                     5                                      
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  AppLovin Software Platform                                                
                                                                            
Our comprehensive Software Platform enables app developers to automate their
mobile app marketing, engagement, and monetization efforts in three core
ways. First, we provide marketing technology that allows developers to reach
more of the most suitable users with personalized content, in order to
increase the number of users who download and engage with their apps.
Second, we provide developers with monetization and analytics technology to
maximize the value of their inventory by obtaining a high price for each
impression. Third, we provide developers a set of capabilities to optimize
their apps and help streamline their businesses. We also are now starting to
address the CTV advertising market with the acquisition of Wurl.
                                                                            
  AppDiscovery                                                              
                                                                            
AppDiscovery is a suite of marketing solutions that enables developers to
automate, optimize, and manage their marketing efforts. AppDiscovery is
powered by machine-learning with predictive algorithms that enable
developers to match their apps to users that are more likely to download
them. This form of personalized advertising focuses on the end user,
enabling the advertisers to find the right users and delivering to users
more of what they are likely to be interested in. AppDiscovery leverages our
AXON machine-learning recommendation engine to target the right users with
the right marketing campaign, at scale. Advertisers not only attract users
that download, but also find a high volume of users that stay and engage
with their apps for greater retention and ultimately, increased
opportunities for better monetization. Revenue from AppDiscovery comprises a
vast majority of revenue from our Software Platform.

With AppDiscovery, advertisers can define the framework of their campaigns
in the following ways:

• Reach: Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay to acquire their
target users. Our technology finds the users at that value who are most
likely to download and engage with the app.

• Global scale: Advertisers can choose to connect with users in different
regions around the world, and our technology suggests the best locations
based on their parameters.

• Retain and engage: Our algorithms automatically adjust based on the
likelihood users will engage. Our clients can analyze by retention periods
from initial app download onwards, so that advertisers understand the
effectiveness of their marketing investments.

• Targeted returns: Advertisers set their goals and target return on ad
sales and our algorithms adjust cost and campaign specifics to meet them.

AppDiscovery includes the following features:

• Advanced campaign management: An interface to create, manage, and
automatically optimize campaigns based on return on ad sales goals.

• Real-time analytics: An interface to see results and optimize against them
with our ROI-based analytics environment.

• Life-Time-Value (LTV) reporting: A tool that breaks down campaign results
by source and location, allowing advertisers to make real-time, informed
decisions about the value and longevity of their campaigns.

• High quality and quantity creatives: Advertisers can make and test as many
creatives as needed. They also have access to our in-house creative team for
expert ad creation and testing strategies.
                                                                            
  Adjust                                                                    
                                                                            
Adjust is our SaaS mobile marketing platform which allows clients to better
understand their users’ journey while allowing marketers to make smarter
decisions through measurement, attribution, and fraud prevention.
                                     6                                      
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  MAX                                                                       
                                                                            
MAX is a suite of monetization solutions that optimize the value of a
developer’s traffic by running a single unbiased auction in which
advertisers bid simultaneously, driving more competition and higher prices
for publishers. MAX auctions are more effective than historical tools and
approaches because MAX yields more targeted users for advertisers and
enables publishers to achieve better prices for each impression. MAX has
become the preferred in-app bidding solution for many developers worldwide,
helping drive meaningful growth and momentum for MAX.

MAX includes the following features:

• Advanced in-app bidding technology: MAX’s competitive auctions happen in
real time with most bidding platforms in the industry bidding simultaneously
for developers’ inventory at high volume. The competitive global demand
helps maximize average revenue per user on each impression with many
developers experiencing a measurable increase when moving to MAX .

• Automated monetization: MAX saves developers time through its extensive
suite of APIs for automation.

• Ad quality assurance and review: MAX drives superior user experience with
exclusive features that automatically flag risky content to keep developers’
brands safe.

• Powerful insights: MAX helps developers better understand the LTV for each
user and increase revenue to maximize yield for each ad opportunity.
                                                                            
  Wurl                                                                      
                                                                            
Wurl is a connected TV (CTV) platform which primarily distributes streaming
video for content companies, as well as provides solutions to maximize
advertising revenue and attract consumers.
                                                                            
  AppLovin Apps                                                             
                                                                            
Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 350
free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by eleven studios located
worldwide with a deep bench of talented developers. Our Owned Studios and
Partner Studios have developed and published games across a number of genres
including: casual, hypercasual, match-three, midcore, and card/casino. Our
Apps contribute a highly predictable and diversified stream of revenue which
we leverage to invest into acquiring more users and driving continued
growth.

A diverse portfolio allows us to reach multiple user demographics and
diversify our mobile game development across many different genres. We have
a broad audience on our Apps and this allows our Software Platform to
connect users to a wide range of content. A large segment of our portfolio
is casual games which have a lower risk of development and generally have
more predictable revenue streams and return on investments. Casual games can
be played a few minutes at a time and appeal to a wide range of users across
many highly attractive demographics.

Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios leverage live ops to quickly iterate
and increase in-game monetization by optimizing app economies and improving
in-game conversion on items and offers. Our Software Platform and expertise
provide analytical tools, testing capabilities, and other solutions such as
distributed development, competitive insights, localizations resources,
creative services to develop and test ads and resource centers to access
design and development expertise.

We also provide a set of services that help both our Apps and third-party
developers optimize their games and leverage our expertise to better
streamline their business operations.
                                     7                                      
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Competition                                                               
                                                                            
We operate in a fragmented mobile app ecosystem composed of divisions of
large, well-established companies as well as privately-held companies. The
large companies in our ecosystem may play multiple different roles given the
breadth of their businesses.

• Advertisers typically engage with several advertising platforms and
networks to purchase advertisements on mobile games and other mobile apps,
looking to optimize their marketing investments. Such advertising platform
companies vary in size and include players such as Facebook, Google, Amazon,
and Unity Software, as well as various private companies. Several of these
platforms, including Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software, are also
our partners and clients.

• There are many companies that develop online and mobile games and other
mobile apps. The larger gaming companies in our ecosystem include Activision
Blizzard (Microsoft), Tencent, and Zynga (Take-Two Interactive), as well as
other public and private companies. Many of these companies are also our
partners and clients. We also expect new developers to enter the market and
existing companies to allocate more resources to develop and market more
mobile games and apps.

We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are:

• the ability to enhance and improve technologies and offerings;

• knowledge, expertise, and experience in the mobile app ecosystem;

• relationships with third parties in the mobile app ecosystem;

• the ability to reach and target a large number of users;

• the ability to identify and execute on strategic transactions;

• the ability to successfully launch and monetize mobile apps;

• the pricing and perceived value of offerings;

• brand and reputation; and

• ability to expand into new offerings and geographies.

We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors.
                                                                            
  Our Values                                                                
                                                                            
Our AppLovin Values capture our company’s culture and guide our approach on
how we build and grow our business with all stakeholders:

We seek excellence, together. We know that our customers trust us to deliver
immersive experiences and best-in-class tools. We take this very seriously,
challenging one another to always do better. We are our toughest critics and
most loyal fans. While we value individual initiative, we collaborate to
drive forward as one team.

We are tenacious, move fast, and deliver. We move quickly and intentionally.
Together we set a fast pace with high expectations, and then move beyond. We
leverage all of our resources so we do not miss opportunities and find ways
to deliver exceptional solutions.

We operate with integrity and intellectual honesty. We may move quickly and
deliver, but we do it the right way. We do what is fair and operate with
integrity because that is always the best course for customers, partners and
all other stakeholders.

We foster entrepreneurship to challenge what is next. Taking risks and
embracing challenges are part of our DNA. We empower our employees to try
new things, question others, and innovate. This opens doors to new
opportunities, which leads to more successful outcomes.

We excel through our culture of equality. Diversity and inclusion are
principles that guide how we build our teams, grow our employees, and
develop our company. We celebrate different approaches, points of view, and
our diverse voices. It connects us with the players, developers, and global
communities we serve.
                                                                            
  Research and Development                                                  
                                                                            
Continued investment in research and development is important to advancing
our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps. These advancements are
key to attaining our strategic objectives and meeting the evolving needs of
our customers. The underlying elastic architecture of our Core Technologies
allows us to create, test, and deploy new features rapidly while
distributing them globally. We also continue to invest in new and existing
Apps.

Our research and development team is working on cutting edge technologies,
which allows us to attract top talent globally. As of December 31, 2022 , we
had approximately 810 employees, or 48% of our total headcount, involved in
research and development and related activities. Our research and
development organization is based in Palo Alto, California with additional
resources around the world.
                                     8                                      
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Intellectual Property                                                     
                                                                            
Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual
property rights with respect to our Core Technologies, Software Platform,
and Apps, and to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise
violating valid and enforceable third-party intellectual property. We seek
to accomplish that objective by establishing intellectual property rights in
and protecting those assets through a combination of patents, patent
applications, registered and unregistered trademarks, copyrights, trade
secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure
agreements with third parties, and other contractual measures. Though we
rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that
factors, such as our unique position in the mobile app ecosystem and as one
of the largest mobile game publishers, our flywheel advantage, our expertise
and determination of our employees, and the functionality and flexibility of
our Core Technologies and Software Platform in an ever-evolving industry,
are also key contributors to our success.

As of December 31, 2022, we owned the following trademarks related to the
business: 49 registered trademarks in the United States, 14 pending
trademark applications in the United States, as well as 531 registered
trademarks in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 33 pending trademark applications
in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. We also have registered domain names for
websites that we use in our business, such as www.applovin.com. Finally, as
of December 31, 2022, we owned the following patents related to the
business: 56 issued U.S. patents, 1 U.S. patent applications, 10 non-U.S.
issued patents, and 15 non-U.S. pending patent applications. Our issued U.S.
patents, and any patents that may issue from our pending applications, are
scheduled to expire at dates ranging between 2023 and 2041, excluding any
additional term for patent term adjustments or extensions. We have acquired
a number of patents through our acquisitions that are not critical to the
combined business on a post-closing basis. As such, we regularly review our
patent portfolio, and have and expect to continue to abandon the prosecution
of patents that are not critical to our operations.

We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the
extent we believe it would advance our business objectives and maintain our
competitive position. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no
assurance that we will adequately protect our intellectual property or that
it will provide any competitive advantage. We take steps to protect our
proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with our employees, consultants, developers, and vendors, and
generally limiting access to and distribution of our proprietary
information. However, we cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will
prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to
protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt
to copy aspects of our Core Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps or
obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing
unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult and time consuming.
Further, our intellectual property rights may be invalidated, circumvented,
or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not
protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United
States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently
as government agencies and private parties in the United States. See the
section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property” for
more information regarding risks related to intellectual property.
                                                                            
  Employees and Human Capital Resources                                     
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 1,707 employees, comprised of
1,675 full-time and 32 part-time/intern employees, located in 17 countries.
As a result of our historical strategic acquisition and partnership
activity, we also have access to approximately 2,500 additional team
members, a majority of whom are research and development resources and all
of whom are located outside of the United States. Our geographic
diversification enhances our ability to retain and attract highly skilled
talent as well as manage our headcount costs. As of December 31, 2022,
approximately 48% of our global employees were located outside of the U.S.
and 52% in the U.S. Approximately 51% of our U.S. employees are from one or
more diverse groups, including Asian, Hispanic or Latino, Black or African
American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, American Indian or
Alaska Native, or Two or More Races and approximately 33% of our U.S.
employees are female. None of our employees are represented by a labor
union. In certain countries in which we operate, we are subject to, and
comply with, local labor law requirements, which may automatically make our
employees subject to industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We have
not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our
employees as positive.

Our employees are a key reason for our success and essential for our
continued growth. We benefit from a distributed global workforce and plan to
continue investing in our employees. We provide competitive compensation
packages designed to attract and retain talent, as informed by market
compensation surveys and data. We have multiple incentive programs
throughout the organization designed to provide short-term and long-term
incentives, including base cash, equity and/or performance cash awards.

Our culture and industry success further enable us to successfully hire and
retain employees aligned with our mission. We were named one of the Hottest
Adtech Companies of 2021 by Business Insider, as well as a Certified Great
Place to Work in 2021 and 2022. The San Francisco Business Times and Silicon
Valley Business Journal awarded us one of the Bay Area’s Best Places to Work
in 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022. Inc. further recognized us as a Best Workplace
2022.
                                     9                                      
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Compliance with Government Regulation                                     
                                                                            
We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws and
regulations that affect companies conducting business on mobile platforms,
including those relating to privacy, data protection, and the use and
protection of data from employees, users and others (including minors), the
internet, behavioral advertising, mobile apps, content, advertising and
marketing activities, sweepstakes and giveaways, and anti-corruption.
Additional laws and regulations relating to these areas likely will be
passed in the future, and these or existing laws and regulations may be
interpreted or enforced in new or expanded manners, each of which could
result in significant limitations on ways we can collect and process data of
users, employees and others, communicate with users, and operate our
business. New and evolving laws and regulations, and changes in their
enforcement and interpretation, may require changes to our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or business practices, and may
significantly increase our compliance costs and otherwise adversely affect
our business and results of operations. As our business expands to scale our
Software Platform and include additional Apps, and our operations continue
to expand internationally, our compliance requirements and costs may
increase and we may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny.
                                                                            
  Data Privacy and Security Laws                                            
                                                                            
The data we collect and otherwise process is integral to our Core
Technologies, Software Platform and Apps, providing us with insights to
improve our developer tools, to optimize app discovery and monetization and
to improve our Apps. Our collection, use, receipt, and other processing of
data in our business subjects us to numerous U.S. state and federal laws and
regulations, and foreign laws and regulations, addressing privacy, data
protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure,
protection and processing of certain types of data. Such regulations
include, for example, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation,
the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Section 5(a) of the Federal
Trade Commission Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act. We work to
comply with, and to help allow developers and ecosystem partners to comply
with, applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection
and information security. This helps underpin our strategy of building trust
and providing a strong experience to ecosystem partners and clients. See the
section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We are subject to
laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security, data
protection, consumer protection, and protection of minors, and these laws
and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to
comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations” for additional information
about our approach to laws and regulations relating to privacy, data
protection, and information security.
                                                                            
  Corporate Information                                                     
                                                                            
We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July 2011.
Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo
Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is (800) 839-9646. Our
website address is www.applovin.com. Information contained on, or that can
be accessed through, our website does not constitute part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and inclusions of our website address in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are inactive textual references only. You should not
consider information contained on our website to be part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or in deciding whether to purchase shares of our Class A
common stock.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law trademarks,
service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
are the property of AppLovin Corporation. Other trademarks and trade names
referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their
respective owners.
                                                                            
  Available Information                                                     
                                                                            
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections
13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, are filed with the SEC. Such reports and other information
filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com when such reports are available on the SEC’s
website. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and
information statements and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The information contained on the
websites referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated
by reference into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs are
intended to be inactive textual references only.

We announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC,
the investor relations page on our website, press releases, public
conference calls, webcasts, and our corporate blog at blog.applovin.com in
order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the
public and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation
FD. We encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels
listed above and to review the information disclosed through such channels.
Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will
announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our
website.
                                     10                                     
Table of Content s
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS                                                   │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K before making a decision to invest in our Class A
common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or
prospects could also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties that
are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material.
If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that
event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment.
                                                                            
  Risk Factor Summary                                                       
                                                                            
Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk because
our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as fully
described below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing
in our Class A common stock subject to risk include, among other things:

Business, Operational, and Industry Factors
• our limited operating history and the unpredictability of our results of
operations;

• our ability to attract new clients, the loss of clients, or reduction in
spend by clients;

• security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of data, or other
cyber incidents;

• competition in our industry and our ability to adapt to technological
change;

• our ability to address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems
and to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure;

• our reliance on certain key employees and our ability to attract, retain,
and motivate key personnel;

• risks related to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships, including
integration, managing growth, and tax risks;
• risks related to the expansion and diversification of our operations,
possibly through future strategic acquisitions and partnerships;
• our ability to realize the value of our ongoing strategic review of our
Apps portfolio;

• our ability to maintain relationships with our Partner Studios;

• our reliance on third-party platforms to distribute our AppLovin Apps and
collect revenue;

• our ability to launch or acquire new AppLovin Apps and successfully
monetize or improve them and existing Apps;

• our ability to retain existing users or add new users cost-effectively, or
if users decrease their level of engagement;

• concentration of our revenue sources;

• our recent rapid growth, and ability to manage growth;

• our expansion into new business opportunities and our ability to
effectively manage our growing international operations;

• the impact of the geopolitical climate on our operations, including, as a
result of war, terrorism, or armed conflict;

• our ability to increase in-app purchases, respond to changes with respect
to in-app purchases, and manage the economies in our AppLovin Apps;

• our ability to achieve or maintain profitability with increasing operating
expenses;

• our ability to maintain company culture and to establish and maintain
awareness of the AppLovin brand;

• our ability to maintain a customer support ecosystem amongst the
proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers seeking to exploit our
mobile games and users;
Legal and Regulatory Matters
• changes in laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security,
data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking, targeting, and
protection of minors;

• changes in U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still
developing;

• compliance with governmental anti-bribery, export controls and economic
sanctions laws;

• changes in tax laws or tax rulings or exposure to greater than anticipated
tax liabilities;
                                     11                                     
Table of Content s

• assertions by taxing authorities that we should have collected or in the
future should collect sales and use, value added, or similar taxes;

• liability for content that is distributed through or advertising that is
served through our Software Platform or Apps;

• expenses related to legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements;
Intellectual Property Factors
• our ability to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual
property rights or the costs involved in such enforcement;

• our involvement in intellectual property disputes;

• our use of and compliance with open source software;

• our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property;
Financial and Accounting Matters
• our ability to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting;

• changes to segment reporting as a result of our evolving business;

• our reliance on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our key
metrics;

• the possibility that we may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired;

• substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities;

• our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant
debt service obligations;

• the availability of additional capital on acceptable terms;

• changes with the London Interbank Offered Rate;
Ownership of our Class A common stock and Governance
• the multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting Agreement
among the Voting Agreement Parties;

• our status as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements;

• the effect our multi-class structure may have on the market price of our
Class A common stock;

• volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock;

• the possibility that we may not realize the anticipated long-term
stockholder value of our share repurchase programs;

• the issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise;

• provisions of Delaware law, the Voting Agreement, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws could make
a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult; and

• exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws.
                                                                            
  Risks Related to Our Business and Industry                                
                                                                            
We have a limited operating history, especially with respect to our AppLovin
Apps, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future
performance and the risks we may encounter.
Our limited operating history, especially with respect to our AppLovin Apps,
which we launched in 2018, may make it difficult to evaluate our current
business and our future performance. We have encountered and will continue
to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing
companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the mobile app ecosystem,
including our ability to:

• accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses;

• attract new and retain existing clients using AppLovin Software Platform
and users of our Apps;

• successfully compete with current and future competitors, some of whom are
also our clients;

• successfully expand our business in existing markets and enter new markets
and geographies;

• successfully execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;

• develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can
efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment
of new features and services;
                                     12                                     
Table of Content s

• comply with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our
business;

• anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the markets
in which we operate;

• establish and maintain our brand and reputation;

• adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways businesses and consumers
interact with technology;

• effectively manage our rapid growth;

• avoid interruptions or disruptions in our AppLovin Core Technologies,
Software Platform, or Apps; and

• hire, integrate, and retain key personnel.

Further, because we have limited historical financial data, including
limited data regarding the integration of our strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any financial
planning and forecasting, including predictions about our future revenue and
expenses, may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer
operating history or operated in a more predictable market. If our
assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan
and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address
these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially
from our expectations. If we fail to address the risks and uncertainties
that we face, including those described elsewhere in this “Risk Factors”
section, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected.

Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate from period-to-period,
which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are likely to
fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year in the
future for a variety of reasons, many of which are outside of our control
and difficult to predict. As a result, you should not rely upon our
historical results of operations as indicators of future performance.
Numerous factors can influence our results of operations, including:

• our ability to maintain and grow our client and user bases;

• changes to our Core Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings, or the development and introduction of new software or
development of new mobile apps by our studios or our competitors;

• changes to the policies or practices of companies or governmental agencies
that determine access to third-party platforms, such as the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store, or to our Software Platform, Apps, website, or
the internet generally;

• changes to the policies or practices of third-party platforms, such as the
Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, including with respect to Apple’s
Identifier for Advertisers ("IDFA"), which helps advertisers assess the
effectiveness of their advertising efforts, and with respect to transparency
regarding data processing;

• the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond our current
Software Platform and Apps;

• our ability to achieve the anticipated synergies from our strategic
acquisitions and effectively integrate new assets and businesses acquired by
us;

• our ongoing strategic review of our Apps portfolio;

• the actions of our competitors, both with respect to their own offerings
and, to the extent such competitors are also our clients, with respect to
their use of our Software Platform;

• costs and expenses related to the strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
including costs related to integrating mobile gaming studios or other
companies that we acquire, as well as costs and expenses related to the
development of our Core Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps;

• our ability to achieve or maintain profitability;

• increases in and timing of operating expenses that we may incur to grow
and expand our operations and to remain competitive;

• system failures or outages, or actual or perceived breaches of security or
privacy, and the costs associated with preventing, responding to, or
remediating any such outages or breaches;

• changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with
respect to privacy and data protection, or actions by governments or
regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees;

• charges associated with impairment of any assets on our balance sheet or
changes in our expected estimated useful life of property and equipment and
intangible assets;

• adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-related
costs and the fees associated with investigating and defending claims;
                                     13                                     
Table of Content s

• the overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by the mix of
income we earn in the United States and in jurisdictions with comparatively
lower tax rates;

• the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory
interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period such laws are
enacted or interpretations are issued and may significantly affect the
effective tax rate of that period;

• the application of new or changing financial accounting standards or
practices; and

• changes in regional or global business or macroeconomic conditions,
including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, and rising
interest rates, which may impact the other factors described above.

In particular, it is difficult to predict if, when, or how quickly newly-
launched software may begin to generate revenue or decline in popularity.
Further, we cannot be certain if a new App will become popular amongst users
and generate revenue. The success of our business depends in part on our
ability to develop and enhance our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and
consistently and timely launch new Apps. It is difficult for us to predict
with certainty when we will expand our Software Platform suite or launch a
new App as we may require longer development schedules or soft launch
periods to meet our quality standards and expectations. If our clients do
not adopt our new Software Platform offerings, or develop or further invest
in their own competing alternatives, or if we are unable to successfully
launch or acquire new Apps or maintain or improve existing Apps, our
business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Fluctuations
in our results of operations may cause such results to fall below our
financial guidance or the expectations of analysts or investors, which could
cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

The failure to attract new clients, the loss of clients, or a reduction in
spending by these clients could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

A significant portion of our revenue is Software Platform Revenue and In-App
Advertising (IAA) Revenue from our Apps. Software Platform Revenue is mostly
from AppDiscovery, is generated from our advertisers, typically on a
performance-based, cost-per-install basis, then shared with our advertising
publishers, typically on a cost per impression model. IAA Revenue generated
from our Apps comes from advertisers that purchase ad inventory from our
diverse portfolio of mobile games. As is common in the mobile app ecosystem
and in the advertising industry, our clients do not have long-term
advertising commitments with us. Our success depends in part on our ability
to satisfy our advertising partners.

Revenue could also be impacted by a number of other factors, including:

• our ability to attract and retain clients;

• our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of our
advertising and maintain and improve our machine-learning ("ML") engine
AXON;

• our ability to maintain or increase advertiser demand and third-party
publisher supply, the quantity, or quality of advertisements shown to users,
or our pricing of advertisements;

• our ability to continue to increase user access to and engagement with our
Apps;

• mobile app changes or inventory management decisions we may make that
change the size, format, frequency, or relative prominence of advertisements
displayed on our Apps;

• our ability to recruit, train, and retain personnel to support continued
growth of our Core Technologies and Software Platform;

• our ability to establish and maintain our brand and reputation;

• loss of market share to our competitors, including if competitors offer
lower priced, more integrated, or otherwise more effective products;

• the development and success of technologies designed to block the display
of advertisements or block our ad measurement tools, which have in the past
impacted and may in the future impact our business, or technologies that
make it easier for users to opt out of behavioral targeting;

• the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and
measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that demonstrate the
value of our Software Platform to advertisers, developers and publishers, or
our ability to further improve such tools;

• government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal developments
relating to advertising, including developments that may impact our ability
to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising;

• changes that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the
effectiveness of advertising, including changes to policies by mobile
operating system and third-party platform providers, and the degree to which
users opt out of certain types of ad targeting as a result of changes and
controls implemented in connection with such policy changes and with the
E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"), ePrivacy Directive,
the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act (the "CPRA"), and the Children’s
Online Privacy Protection Act (the "COPPA");
                                     14                                     
Table of Content s

• decisions by clients to reduce their advertising due to concerns about
legal liability or uncertainty regarding their own legal and compliance
obligations, or due to negative publicity, regardless of its accuracy,
involving us, our user data practices, advertising metrics or tools, our
Software Platform or Apps, or other companies in our industry; and

• the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic and responses thereto, inflation, rising interest rates,
the war in Ukraine, and seasonality, whether in the advertising industry in
general, or among specific types of advertisers or within particular
geographies.

From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our
revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other factors
in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our Software
Platform and use of our Apps, which may reduce the prices we receive for our
advertisements or cause clients to stop advertising with us altogether,
either of which would adversely affect our business and results of
operations. The failure to attract new clients, loss of clients, or
reduction in spending by clients could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user
data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber
incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

The mobile app ecosystem is prone to cyberattacks by third parties seeking
unauthorized access to our data or the data of our clients or users or to
disrupt our ability to provide service. Our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, Apps, and other offerings involve the collection, storage,
processing, and transmission of a large amount of data, including personal
information, and we and our third-party service providers otherwise store
and process information, including our confidential and proprietary business
information, and personal information and other information relating to our
employees and clients or other third parties. We also store and implement
measures designed to secure the source code for our Core Technologies,
Software Platform and Apps as they are created. Any failure to prevent or
mitigate security breaches or incidents impacting our systems or other
systems used in our business, or improper access to or disclosure of our
data, including source code, or user data, including personal information,
content, or payment information from users, or information from clients or
other third parties, that is stored or otherwise processed in our business
could result in the unauthorized loss, modification, disclosure,
destruction, or other misuse of such data, or unavailability of data or of
our Core Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or other offerings. Any such
event, or the perception it has occurred, could adversely affect our
business and reputation, damage our operations, result in claims,
litigation, or regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, fines,
penalties, or other liability or obligations, and diminish our competitive
position. In particular, a breach or incident, whether physical, electronic,
or otherwise, impacting systems on which source code or other sensitive data
are stored could lead to loss, disruption, unavailability, or piracy of, or
damage to, our offerings, lost or reduced ability to protect our
intellectual property, and diminished competitive position.

Computer malware (including ransomware), viruses, social engineering
(predominantly spear phishing attacks or smishing), and general hacking have
become more prevalent in the mobile app ecosystem. Some of these have
occurred on our systems and otherwise in our business in the past, and we
expect will continue to occur in the future. We regularly encounter attempts
to create false or undesirable user accounts or take other actions for
purposes such as spamming or other objectionable ends. Any actual or
attempted breaches, incidents, or attacks may cause disruptions or
interruptions to our Core Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings, degrade the user experience, impair, disrupt, or interrupt our
internal systems and other systems and networks used in our business, or
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations. Our efforts to protect our data, user data, and information
from clients, partners, and other third parties, and to disable or otherwise
respond to undesirable activities on our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, Apps, or other offerings, may also be unsuccessful due to software
bugs or other technical defects, errors, or malfunctions; employee,
contractor, vendor, or partner error or malfeasance, including defects or
vulnerabilities in information technology systems or offerings;
cyberattacks, attacks designed to disrupt systems or facilities, or breaches
of physical security of our facilities or technical infrastructure; or other
threats that evolve. Additionally, any such breach, incident, attack,
malfunction, defect, or vulnerability, or the perception that any of these
has occurred, may cause clients or users to lose confidence and trust in our
Core Technologies, Software Platform or Apps and otherwise harm our
reputation and market position.
                                     15                                     
Table of Content s

In addition, some developers or other business partners, such as those that
help us measure the effectiveness of advertisements, may receive or store
information provided by us or by our users through mobile or web apps or
other means. These third parties may misappropriate our information and
engage in unauthorized use of it. If these third parties fail to adopt or
adhere to adequate data security practices, or experience a breach of, or
other security incident impacting, their networks or systems, our data or
our users’ data may be lost, destroyed, or improperly accessed, modified,
disclosed, or otherwise misused. In such an event, or if such an event is
perceived to have occurred, we may suffer damage to our reputation, may have
increased costs arising from the restoration or implementation of additional
security measures, and we may face claims, demands, investigations, and
other proceedings by private parties or governmental actors, and fines,
penalties, and other liability or obligations, any of which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any
theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other
confidential business information as a result of such an event could also
adversely affect our business, competitive position, and results of
operations.

Cyberattacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and may be
inherently difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although we have
developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data, user
data, and information from our partners; to prevent data loss, disable
undesirable accounts and activities on our Core Technologies, Software
Platform or Apps; and to prevent and detect security breaches; we cannot
assure you that such measures will provide comprehensive security, that we
will be able to identify breaches or other incidents or to react to them in
a timely manner or that our remediation efforts will be successful. We
experience cyberattacks and other security incidents of varying degrees from
time to time, and we may incur significant costs in investigating,
protecting against, litigating, or remediating such incidents. We may face
increased risks of cyberattacks and other security incidents as a result of
more employees working remotely, our use of third-party systems designed to
enable the transition to a remote workforce introducing security risks and
increased cyberattacks, such as phishing attacks by threat actors as a
method for targeting personnel. Further, in connection with the war in
Ukraine, there may be a heightened risk of potential cyberattacks by state
actors or others.

Additionally, our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and other offerings
operate in conjunction with, and we are in some cases dependent upon, third-
party products, services, and components. Our ability to monitor our third-
party service providers’ data security is limited, and in any event,
attackers may be able to circumvent our third-party service providers’ data
security measures. There have been and may continue to be significant
attacks on certain third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our
or our third-party providers’ systems and networks have not been breached or
that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a
breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and
networks of third parties that support us and our platform and service. If
there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of these
third-party products, services, and components and if there is a security
exploit targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims, liability,
and additional or new obligations, reduced revenue, and harm to our
reputation or competitive position. We and our service providers may be
unable to anticipate these techniques, react, remediate or otherwise address
any security vulnerability, breach or other security incident in a timely
manner, or implement adequate preventative measures.

In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are making
significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and content review
efforts to combat misuse of our services and user data by third parties. As
a result of these efforts, we anticipate that we will discover incidents of
misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. We may
not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data
limitations, the scale of activity on our Core Technologies and Software
Platform, challenges related to our personnel working remotely, the re-
allocation of resources to other projects, or other factors, and we may be
notified of such incidents or activity by users, the media, or other third
parties. Such incidents and activities have in the past, and may in the
future, include the use or other processing of user data or our systems in a
manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of
false or undesirable user accounts, improper advertising practices,
activities that threaten people’s safety on- or offline or instances of
spamming, scraping, data harvesting, or unsecured datasets. We may also be
unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate
or respond to any such incidents effectively or in a timely manner. Any of
the foregoing developments, or any reports of them occurring or the
perception that any of them has occurred, could adversely affect user trust
and engagement, harm our brand and reputation, require us to change our
business practices, result in claims, demands, investigations, and other
proceedings by private parties or governmental actors, and fines, penalties,
and other liability or obligations, and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.
                                     16                                     
Table of Content s

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and
abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, a number of which
provide a private right of action. Many jurisdictions have enacted breach
notification obligations, and our agreements with certain customers or
partners may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach.
Affected users or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory
actions against us in connection with any actual or perceived security
breaches or improper access to or disclosure of data, which has occurred in
the past and which could cause us to incur significant expense and
liability, distract management and technical personnel, and result in orders
or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. Such actual
or perceived incidents or our efforts to remediate such incidents may also
result in a decline in our active user base or engagement levels. We are
seeing an increase in inquiries from our partners regarding audit
certifications, such as SOC 2, Type II or ISO 27001, which we have not yet
achieved. Any of these events could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Our insurance coverage may not extend to all types of privacy and data
security breaches or other incidents, and it may be insufficient to cover
all costs and expenses associated with such incidents. Further, such
insurance may not continue to be available to us in the future on
economically reasonable terms, or at all, and insurers may deny us coverage
as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims
against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of
changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the
imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including our reputation, financial
condition, or results of operations.

The mobile app ecosystem is intensely competitive. If clients or users
prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We face significant competition in the mobile app ecosystem. We offer a
suite of solutions for developers to get their mobile apps discovered and
downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend, and
maximize the monetization of their engagement. We collect revenue from
clients for fees paid by mobile app advertisers, including developers, that
use our Software Platform and from the sale of advertising inventory of our
Apps. Advertisers often engage with several advertising platforms and
networks to purchase advertisements on mobile apps and developers often
engage with multiple tools to market and monetize their apps. Accordingly,
we face significant competition from traditional, online, and mobile
businesses that provide ad networks and platforms, mobile apps and games,
media, and other services for advertisers to reach relevant audiences. We
also face competition from providers of developer tools that enable
developers to reach their audiences or manage or optimize their advertising
campaigns. These companies vary in size and include Facebook, Google, and
Unity Software as well as various private companies. Several of these
companies, including Facebook, Google, and Unity Software, are also our
partners and clients. Additionally, our studios build many of our Apps using
the development kits offered by Unity Software. Clients who are also
competitors may decide to invest in their own offerings rather than continue
to use our Software Platform or advertise on our Apps.

Additionally, we also compete with businesses that develop online and mobile
games and other mobile apps, which vary in size and include companies such
as Activision Blizzard (expected to be acquired by Microsoft), Tencent, and
Zynga (Take-Two Interactive), as well as other public and private companies.
Many of these companies are also our partners and clients. As we expand our
global operations and mobile app offerings, we increasingly face competition
from high-profile companies with significant online presences that may
introduce new or expanded offerings, such as Apple, Facebook, Google,
Microsoft, and Snap. In addition, other large companies that to date have
not actively focused on mobile apps or gaming may decide to develop mobile
apps or gaming offerings, such as Amazon’s games platform, or partner with
other developers. Some of these current and potential competitors have
significantly greater resources that can be used to develop, acquire, or
brand additional mobile apps or gaming alternatives, and may have more
diversified revenue sources than we do and therefore may be less severely
affected by changes in consumer preferences, regulations, or other
developments that may impact our business or industry.

Further, as there are relatively low barriers to entry to develop and
publish a mobile app, we expect new competitors to enter the market and
existing competitors to allocate more resources towards developing and
marketing competing games and apps. Because our mobile games are free-to-
play, our Apps compete primarily on the basis of user experience rather than
price. The proliferation of apps makes it difficult for us to differentiate
ourselves from our competitors and compete for users and the success of our
Apps will depend in part on our Software Platform continuing to provide
effective marketing and monetization tools.
                                     17                                     
Table of Content s

We also face competition for advertising spending and for the discretionary
spending, leisure time, and attention of our users from game platforms such
as personal computer and console games, and other leisure time activities,
such as television, movies, music, sports, and the internet. During periods
of macroeconomic uncertainty, levels of advertising and discretionary
spending have historically decreased and are likely to decrease and
therefore this competition may intensify, which has at times harmed and may
in the future harm our revenue. In addition, non-game applications for
mobile devices, such as social media and messaging, television, movies,
music, dating, and sports, have become increasingly popular, making the
overall mobile app ecosystem highly fragmented and making it more difficult
for any mobile app to differentiate itself. To the extent we explore new
business opportunities in the mobile app ecosystem or otherwise, we may also
compete with established businesses with more experience in such areas. Our
future growth depends in part on the overall health of the mobile app
ecosystem and in particular, mobile gaming. Increasing competition could
result in decreases in our App users, increased user acquisition costs,
lower engagement with our Apps, and loss of key personnel, all of which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of
operations.

Some of our current and potential competitors may be domiciled in different
countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes that
enable them to compete more effectively than us, particularly outside of the
United States. Some of our current and potential competitors may have
greater resources, more diversified revenue streams, better technological or
data analytics capabilities, or stronger brands or competitive positions in
certain product segments, geographic regions, or user demographics than we
do. If clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or services over
our own, or if our competitors are better able to adapt to changes in the
preferences of advertisers or users, regulations, or other developments, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

The mobile app ecosystem is subject to rapid technological change, and if we
do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging
technologies and business models, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Technology changes rapidly in the mobile app ecosystem. Our future success
depends in part on our ability to adapt to trends and to innovate. To
attract new clients and users and increase revenue from our current clients
and users, we will need to enhance and improve our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, and Apps. Enhancements of our existing technology and
offerings, and new offerings, may not be introduced in a timely or cost-
effective manner and may contain errors or defects.

Our business also currently depends in part on the growth and evolution of
the internet, especially mobile internet-enabled devices. The number of
people using mobile internet-enabled devices has increased rapidly over
time, and we expect that this trend will continue. However, the mobile app
ecosystem may not grow in the way we anticipate. We must continually
anticipate and adapt to emerging technologies to stay competitive. As the
technological infrastructure for internet access improves and evolves,
consumers will be presented with more opportunities to access apps and play
games on a variety of devices and platforms and to experience other leisure
activities that may compete with mobile apps. Forecasting the financial
impact of these emerging technologies and business models is inherently
uncertain and volatile. If we decide to support a new technology or business
model in the future, it may require partnering with a new platform,
technology, or business partner, which may be on terms that are less
favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or business models.

To invest in a new technology or expand our offerings, we must invest
financial resources and management attention. We may invest significant
resources in a new offering or in a strategic acquisition or partnership,
which could prove unsuccessful or prevent us from directing these resources
towards other opportunities. We may never recover the often-substantial up-
front costs of developing and marketing emerging technologies or business
models, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting management and
financial resources. Further, our competitors may adopt an emerging
technology or business model more quickly or effectively than we do,
creating products that are technologically superior to ours or attract more
users than ours.

If, on the other hand, we do not continue to enhance our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, or Apps, or do not appropriately allocate our resources
amongst opportunities, or we otherwise elect not to pursue new business
models that achieve significant commercial success, we may face adverse
consequences. For example, we do not currently offer our Apps on all devices
or all gaming platforms. If the devices on which our Apps are available
decline in popularity or become obsolete faster than anticipated, or if new
platforms emerge other than those on which our games are offered, we could
experience a decline in revenue and in our number of App users, and we may
not achieve the anticipated return on our development efforts. It may take
significant time and expenditures to shift product development resources to
new technologies, and it may be more difficult to compete against existing
products incorporating such technologies. If new technologies render mobile
devices obsolete or we are unable to successfully adapt to and appropriately
allocate our resources amongst current and new technologies, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
                                     18                                     
Table of Content s

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps, as well as our internal
systems, rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any
errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to address or
mitigate technical limitations in our systems, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps, as well as our internal
systems, rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex.
In addition, our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps, as well as
our internal systems, depend in part on the ability of such software and
hardware to store, retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data.
The software and hardware on which we rely has contained, and will in the
future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities and our systems are subject
to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to meet our
objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities inherently may be
difficult to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been
released for external or internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design
defects, or technical limitations within the software and hardware on which
we rely have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes
including a negative experience for clients and users who use our offerings,
compromised ability of our offerings to perform in a manner consistent with
our terms, contracts, or policies, delayed product or App launches or
enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised ability
to protect the data of our users and/or our intellectual property, or
reductions in our ability to provide some or all of our services. To the
extent such errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects impact our Core
Technologies or Software Platform or the accuracy of data in any such Core
Technology or Software Platform, our clients may become dissatisfied with
our offerings, our brand and reputation may be harmed, and we may make
operational decisions, such as with respect to our Apps using such Software
Platform or any future strategic acquisition, that are based on inaccurate
data. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems or the
software and hardware on which we rely, failures to properly address or
mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or associated
degradations or interruptions of service or failures to fulfill our
commitments to our clients may lead to outcomes including damage to our
reputation, increased product engineering expenses, regulatory inquiries,
litigation, or liability for fines, damages, or other remedies, any of which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to maintain and scale our
technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption to our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps could damage our reputation, result
in a potential loss of engagement, and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our reputation and ability to attract and retain our clients and users
depends in part on the reliable performance of our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, and Apps. We have in the past experienced, and may in the
future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our
offerings from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or
may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid
performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our
offerings are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do
not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our offerings as often in
the future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business and results
of operations. As we continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of
technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to
continue to satisfy our needs and the needs of our clients and users. It is
possible that we may fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our
technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands, which may
adversely affect our user engagement and revenue growth. Additionally, we
rely in part on third-party data centers and cloud hosting infrastructure.
Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting
from natural disasters and other events outside of our control that impact
us or these third-party providers. If such an event were to occur, users may
be subject to service disruptions or outages and we may not be able to
recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to
restart or provide our services. If we fail to efficiently scale and manage
our infrastructure, or if events disrupt our infrastructure or those of our
third-party providers, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Our business is subject to global economic, market, public health, and
geopolitical conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond our control
and could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.

General macro-economic conditions, such as inflation, rising interest rates,
or a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or internationally,
including those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, Russia's invasion of
Ukraine and other geopolitical issues, could create uncertainty and
adversely affect discretionary consumer spending habits and preferences as
well as advertising spending. Our revenue is driven in part by discretionary
consumer spending habits and preferences, and by advertising spending
patterns. Historically, consumer purchasing and advertising spending have
each declined during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty regarding
future economic prospects or when disposable income or consumer lending is
lower. Recently, we have experienced the impacts of the macroeconomic
deterioration as advertisers have been more closely managing budgets and
reducing overall spend, which has resulted in slowed growth for our Software
Platform. Uncertain economic conditions may also adversely affect our
clients. As a result, we may be unable to continue to grow in the event of
future economic slowdowns. In addition, the economic conditions affecting
the financial markets, and uncertainty in global economic conditions may
result in a number of adverse effects including a low level of liquidity in
domestic and global markets, volatility in credit, equity, and currencies
and instability in the stock market. There could be a number of other
follow-on effects from these economic developments on our business,
including customer insolvencies, decreased demand for our marketing
solutions; decreased customer ability to pay their accounts, and increased
collections risk and defaults. We are particularly susceptible to market
conditions and risks associated with the mobile app ecosystem, including
changes in user demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms
of entertainment, and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences,
which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.
                                     19                                     
Table of Content s

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond our control. For example, we
have a partner studio located in Belarus with additional operations in
Ukraine. The impact of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the resulting
geopolitical environment in those regions on their operations and other
consulting resources may result in our continuing to incur costs to support
our team members and address related challenges. In addition, our management
has spent time and attention on these and related events and will continue
to monitor and assess the ongoing disruptions to our team members, our
management, and our operations, each of which could potentially harm our
business. We may also experience interruptions or delays in the services
they provide to us as a result of such geopolitical volatilities. While not
material to the operation of our business, management and our board of
directors have discussed and assessed, and will continue to discuss and
assess, any risks related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, including but not
limited to, risks related to cybersecurity, sanctions, and personnel based
in affected regions to ensure we are prepared to react to new developments
or further sanctions as they arise. If we are unable to promptly or properly
react to new developments or further sanctions related to that region, we
may be subject to penalties or other negative consequences which could
adversely impact our business.

Our principal offices are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, an area
known for earthquakes and susceptible to fires, and are thus vulnerable to
damage. All of our facilities are also vulnerable to damage from natural or
manmade disasters, including power loss, earthquakes, fires, explosions,
floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks, contagious disease
outbreak (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and similar events. If any
disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our
facilities could be impaired and we could incur significant losses, recovery
from which may require substantial time and expense.

We are highly dependent on our co-founder and chief executive officer, as
well as our senior management team, and our business and growth may be
adversely affected if we fail to attract, retain, and motivate key
personnel.

Our future success depends in significant part on the continued service of
our key management and engineering personnel, including our co-founder, CEO,
and Chairperson, Adam Foroughi. Our ability to compete and grow depends in
part on the efforts and talents of these employees and executives, who are
important to our vision, strategic direction, culture, products, and
technology. We do not have employment agreements, other than offer letters,
with Mr. Foroughi or other members of our senior management team, and we do
not maintain key-man insurance for members of our senior management team.
The loss of Mr. Foroughi or any other member of our senior management team
could cause disruption and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, or results of operations.

In addition, our ability to execute our strategy depends in part on our
continued ability and the continued ability of our Partner Studios to
identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees,
particularly in the competitive fields of game development, product
management, engineering, and data science. We believe that our corporate
culture has been an important factor in our ability to hire and retain key
employees, and if we are unable to maintain our corporate culture as we
grow, we may be unable to foster the innovation, creativity, and teamwork we
believe we need to support our growth. While we believe we compete
favorably, competition for highly skilled employees is intense, particularly
in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters is located.
Interviewing, hiring, and integrating new employees has been and will
continue to be particularly challenging as we continue to navigate the
global remote working environment. We have and will continue to devote
increased efforts to maintaining our collaborative culture, including
through the use of videoconferencing and other online communication and
sharing tools, and to monitoring the health, safety, morale, and
productivity of our employees, including new employees, as we evaluate the
impacts of the global remote working environment on our business and
employees. If we are unable to identify, hire, and retain highly skilled
employees, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

We have historically hired a number of key personnel and additional team
members working on our Apps through strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
and as competition within the mobile app ecosystem for attractive target
companies with a skilled employee base persists and increases, we may incur
significant expenses and difficulty in continuing this practice. The loss of
talented employees with experience in the assets we acquire could result in
significant disruptions to our business and the integration of acquired
assets and businesses. If we do not succeed in recruiting, retaining, and
motivating these key employees, we may not achieve the anticipated results
of acquisitions.

We have experienced significant growth through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and we face risks related to the integration of such
acquisitions and the management of such growth.

As part of our growth strategy, we have frequently acquired companies,
businesses, personnel, and technologies in the past, and we intend to
continue to evaluate and pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships. For
example, we acquired Machine Zone, Inc. ("Machine Zone") in May 2020, Adjust
in April 2021, the MoPub business in January 2022 and Wurl, Inc. in April
2022. Each acquisition requires unique approaches to integration due to,
among other reasons, the structure of the acquisition, the size, locations,
and cultural differences among their team and ours, and has required, and
will continue to require, attention from our management team. As we continue
to grow, the size of our acquisitions and investments has increased and may
continue to increase. In addition to the larger purchase prices associated
with such acquisitions and investments, larger acquisitions and investments
may also require additional management resources to integrate more
significant and often more complex businesses into our company. We will
continue to explore and evaluate additional acquisitions, some of which may
be the same size or even larger in scale and investment than our recent
acquisitions.
                                     20                                     
Table of Content s

Our future success depends in part on our ability to integrate these
acquisitions and manage these businesses, partnerships, and transactions
effectively. If we are unable to obtain the anticipated benefits or
synergies of such acquisitions, or we encounter difficulties integrating
acquired businesses with ours, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Challenges and risks from such strategic acquisitions and partnerships
include:

• diversion of our management’s attention in the acquisition and integration
process, including oversight over acquired businesses which continue their
operations under contingent consideration provisions in acquisition
agreements;

• declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from changes in
compensation, or changes in management, reporting relationships, or future
performance;

• the need to integrate the operations, systems, technologies, products, and
personnel of each acquired company, the inefficiencies and lack of control
that may result if such integration is delayed or not implemented, and
unforeseen difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with
integration;

• costs associated with onboarding clients of an acquired business;

• the need to implement internal controls, procedures, and policies
appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at companies that prior
to acquisition may not have as robust controls, procedures, and policies, in
particular, with respect to the effectiveness of internal controls, cyber
and information security practices and incident response plans, compliance
with privacy, data protection, and other regulations protecting the rights
of clients and users, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies and
sanctions which may not have previously been applicable to the acquired
company’s operations;

• the difficulty in accurately forecasting and accounting for the financial
impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges, write-
offs of deferred revenue under purchase accounting, and integrating and
reporting results for acquired companies that have not historically followed
GAAP;

• the implementation of restructuring actions and cost reduction initiatives
to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies;

• the fact that we may be required to pay contingent consideration in excess
of the initial fair value, and contingent consideration may become payable
at a time when we do not have sufficient cash available to pay such
consideration;

• in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations
across different cultures and languages and to address the particular
economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific
countries as well as tax risks that may arise from the acquisition;

• increasing legal, regulatory, and compliance exposure, and the additional
costs related to mitigate each of those, as a result of adding new offices,
employees and other service providers, benefit plans, equity, job types, and
lines of business globally; and

• liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition,
including intellectual property, commercial, and other litigation claims or
disputes, cyber and information security vulnerabilities, violations of
laws, rules and regulations, including with respect to employee
classification, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.

If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage our acquisitions and
strategic partnerships, we may not realize the expected benefits of such
transactions or become exposed to additional liabilities, and our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We plan to continue to consider opportunities to expand and diversify our
operations through strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We face a number
of risks related to strategic transactions we may pursue.

We will continue to consider opportunities to expand and diversify our
operations with additional strategic acquisitions or partnerships, strategic
collaborations, joint ventures, or licensing arrangements. As we continue to
grow, these transactions may be larger and require significant investments,
such as our acquisitions of Machine Zone, Adjust, the MoPub business, and
Wurl.

In addition, in August 2022, we submitted a non-binding proposal to combine
with Unity. While we ultimately withdrew our proposal, the proposal involved
significant management attention and our stock price fluctuated based on
developments during the pendency and withdrawal of the proposal.
                                     21                                     
Table of Content s

We may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions or
partnerships for many reasons, including our ability to identify suitable
targets, increasing competition from other potential acquirers, the effects
of consolidation in our industries, potentially high valuations of
acquisition candidates, and the availability of financing to complete larger
acquisitions. Even if we do complete any such transactions, we may incur
significant costs, such as professional service fees or publisher bonuses.
Further, completing larger acquisitions or other strategic transactions can
involve significantly more risk in that such transactions involve
complicated integrations and require significant management attention to
complete, and these large strategic transactions could introduce additional
exposure to regulatory and compliance risk. In addition, applicable
antitrust laws and other regulations may limit our ability to acquire
targets, particularly larger targets, or force us to divest an acquired
business. If we are unable to identify suitable targets or complete
acquisitions, or if such acquisitions lead to heightened regulatory or
compliance risk, our growth prospects could be adversely affected, and we
may not be able to realize sufficient scale and technological advantages to
compete effectively in all markets.

To complete large strategic transactions, we may need to spend significant
amounts of cash, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at
all, or which could lead us to incur additional debt (and increased interest
expense), assume contingent liabilities or amortization expenses related to
intangible assets, or write-offs of goodwill and intangible assets. In
addition, we may need to issue significant amounts of equity or equity-
linked consideration, which may dilute our current stockholders’ ownership
and could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. Further,
we generally devote more time and resources towards performing diligence on
larger transactions and may be required to devote more resources towards
regulatory requirements in connection with such transactions. To the extent
that we do not perform sufficient diligence on a larger acquisition or such
a transaction does not generate the expected benefits, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations will be harmed, and to a
greater extent than would occur with a smaller transaction.

Absent such strategic transactions, we would need to undertake additional
development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect
to fund and undertake such additional efforts on our own, we may need to
obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be
available to our company on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to
do any of the foregoing, we may not be able to develop our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps effectively or achieve our
expected product roadmap on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.
The benefits of a strategic acquisition or partnership may also take
considerable time to develop, and we cannot be certain that any particular
strategic acquisition or partnership will produce the intended benefits. If
we are unable to identify and complete strategic acquisitions or
partnerships or realize the anticipated benefits from such transactions, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.
Our ongoing strategic review of our Apps portfolio may not result in
improvements to our financial performance, strategy, or operations, and we
face a number of risks related to such review.

We are continuing our strategic review and optimization of our Apps
portfolio and its cost structure, focusing on identifying those assets which
contribute value and how best to optimize each of those asset’s contribution
to our overall financial performance. This review has resulted in the
divestiture or closure of certain studios, a reduction of headcount,
restructuring of earn out arrangements, and other changes to our Apps
portfolio, such as restructuring of certain assets or choosing to make
changes to optimize the cost structure of certain Apps rather than investing
in revenue growth. For example, we have reduced our user acquisition spend
for our portfolio of Apps as we increased our desired return goals, which
has led to improved App segment Adjusted EBITDA margin, but also contributed
to a decline in Apps revenue and MAPs compared to periods before such
adjustments. We may not achieve the desired strategic, operational, and
financial benefits of any divestiture or other strategic transaction, or any
other action taken as a result of our strategic review, and we may incur
near term impacts to our results of operations due to our strategic review.
For example, in 2022 we incurred $127.9 million in impairment and loss in
connection with the sale of certain assets resulting from our strategic
review of the Apps portfolio. Further, we may not be able to successfully
execute the desired changes. During the pendency of this review or any
transaction that may occur as a result of this review, we may be subject to
risks related to a decline in the business or employee morale and turnover,
as well as distraction of management from our business and customers, and
investors may not react favorably to our decisions, which could adversely
affect our business, results of operations and the market price of our Class
A common stock. If we are unable to successfully complete our strategic
review or we are unable to complete the proposed outcomes of this review or
they do not meet our strategic objectives, our business, results of
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Our portfolio review and optimization is ongoing, and we continue to
carefully consider the full range of options for maximizing value to our
shareholders, including a separation of certain of our Apps businesses,
potential transactions with third parties and other strategic and financial
alternatives. There can be no assurance that the ongoing portfolio review
will result in any particular action or that a transaction will be
consummated, nor can there be any assurance regarding the timing of any
action or transaction. As of the date of this filing, there is no defined
timetable for completion of the portfolio review, and we can provide no
assurance that any transaction or other strategic alternative we may pursue
will have a positive impact on our results of operations or financial
condition.
                                     22                                     
Table of Content s

Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships may expose us to tax risks.

From time to time, we have acquired and may acquire companies, assets,
businesses, and technologies and we have entered into and may enter into
other strategic partnerships and transactions. We face a variety of tax
risks related to such transactions, including that we may be required to
make tax withholdings in various jurisdictions in connection with such
transactions or as part of our continuing operations following a
transaction, and that the companies or businesses we acquire may cause us to
alter our international tax structure or otherwise create more complexity
with respect to tax matters. Additionally, while we typically include
indemnification provisions in our definitive agreements related to strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, these indemnification provisions may be
insufficient in the event that tax liabilities are greater than expected or
in areas that are not fully covered by indemnification. If we are unable to
adequately predict and address such tax issues as they arise, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios, and
a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our ability to launch new
Apps as well as our brand and reputation.

From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile
gaming studios (our Partner Studios). We have historically allowed these
Partner Studios to continue their operations with a degree of autonomy. In
certain of these transactions, we have bought games from such Partner
Studios and entered into development agreements whereby such Partner Studios
provide us support in developing and improving games and grant us a right of
first refusal with respect to future games. These agreements typically have
a fixed term, after which our Partner Studios may choose not to continue
working with us. Any deterioration in our relationship with these Partner
Studios may harm our ability to monetize the games we purchase and launch
future mobile games developed by these Partner Studios and may lead to such
Partner Studios choosing not to renew their partnerships with us. Further,
if a Partner Studio becomes dissatisfied with us, our brand and reputation
may be harmed and we may have more difficulty entering into similar
partnerships in the future. Additionally, our international Partner Studios
may be located in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes or
more potential risks, which may increase our costs to maintain such
strategic partnership. If we are unable to maintain any of these
partnerships, we may be required to invest significant resources in
expanding our other studios or entering into agreements with additional
mobile gaming studios in order to continue producing the same volume and
quality of Apps, and our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect revenue,
and if our ability to do so is harmed, or such third-party platforms change
their policies in such a way that restricts our business, increases our
expenses, or limits the information we derive from our Apps, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem depends in part on a relatively small number of
third-party distribution platforms, such as the Apple App Store, the Google
Play Store, and Facebook, some of which are direct competitors. We derive
significant revenue from the distribution of our Apps through these third-
party platforms and almost all of our IAPs are made through the payment
processing systems of these third-party platforms. We are subject to the
standard policies and terms of service of such third-party platforms, which
generally govern the promotion, distribution, content, and operation of
applications on such platforms. Each platform provider has broad discretion
to change and interpret its terms of service and other policies with respect
to us and other mobile app companies, and those changes may be unfavorable
to us. A platform provider may also change its fee structure, add fees
associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how mobile apps are
labeled or are able to advertise on its platform, change how the personal
information of its users is made available to developers on its platform,
limit the use of personal information for advertising purposes, restrict how
users can share information on its platform or across platforms, or
significantly increase the level of compliance or requirements necessary to
use its platform. For example, in April 2021, Apple started implementing its
application tracking transparency framework that, among other things,
requires users' opt-in consent for certain types of tracking. While this
transparency framework has not had a significant impact on our overall
business, it may in the future, including with respect to the effectiveness
of our advertising practices and/or our ability to efficiently generate
revenue for our Apps. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with data that
helps our Software Platform better market and monetize Apps. In light of the
IDFA and transparency changes, we made changes to our data collection
practices. To the extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar
offering, or if the transparency changes and any related opt-in or other
requirements result in decreases in the availability or utility of data
relating to Apps, our Software Platform may not be as effective, we may not
be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and our
revenue and results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, Apple
implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy and
data processing practices in December 2020, which has resulted in increased
compliance requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps. In
February 2022, Google announced its Privacy Sandbox initiative for Android,
expecting to restrict tracking activity and limit advertisers' ability to
collect app and user data across Android devices by the third quarter of
2023. These or any similar changes to the policies of Apple or Google may
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. To date, these data privacy changes have had some
impact on the discoverability of apps across these platforms, though they
have had a relatively muted aggregate impact on our overall results of
operations.
                                     23                                     
Table of Content s

If we violate, or a distribution platform provider believes we have
violated, a distribution platform’s terms of service, or if there is any
change or deterioration in our relationship with such distribution provider,
that platform provider could limit or discontinue our access to its
platform. For example, in August 2020, Apple and Google removed a mobile
game developed by one of our competitors from their platforms for violating
their standard policies and terms of service. If one of our distribution
platform partners were to limit or discontinue the distribution of our Apps
on their platform, it could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We also rely on the continued popularity, user adoption, and functionality
of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these platform providers have
been unavailable for short periods of time or experienced issues with their
in-app purchasing functionality. In addition, third-party platforms also
impose certain file size limitations, which may limit the ability of users
to download some of our larger Apps in over-the-air updates. Aside from
these over-the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size could
cause users to delete our mobile games once the file size grows beyond the
capacity of their devices’ storage limitations or could reduce the number of
downloads of these mobile games.

If issues arise with third-party platforms that impact the visibility or
availability of our Apps, our users’ ability to access our Apps or our
ability to monetize our Apps, or otherwise impact the design or
effectiveness of our Software Platform, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully monetize
them, or continue to improve the experience and monetization of our existing
Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

Our Apps portfolio depends in part on launching or acquiring, and continuing
to service, mobile apps that users will download and spend time and money
using. We have devoted and we may in the future continue to devote
substantial resources to the research, development, analytics, and marketing
of our Apps. Our development and marketing efforts are focused on improving
the experience of our existing Apps, developing new Apps, and successfully
monetizing our Apps. Our Apps generate revenue primarily through the sale of
advertising, a substantial portion of which comes from other mobile gaming
clients, and in-app purchases (IAPs). For Apps distributed through third-
party platforms, we are required to share a portion of the proceeds from in-
game sales with the platform providers, which share may be subject to
changes or increases over time. In order to achieve and maintain our
profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue from our existing and
new Apps to offset our ongoing development, marketing, and other operating
expenses.

Successfully monetizing our Apps is difficult and requires that we deliver
user experiences that a sufficient number of users will pay for through IAPs
or we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize our Apps, including by
serving in-app advertising. The success of our Apps depends in part on
unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control including user
preferences, competing apps, new third-party platforms, and the availability
of other entertainment experiences. If our Apps do not meet user
expectations or if they are not brought to market in a timely and effective
manner, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to successfully launch or acquire Apps and their
ability to achieve commercial success will depend in part on our ability to:

• effectively market our Apps to existing and new users;

• achieve a positive return on investment from our marketing and user
acquisition costs or achieve organic user growth;

• adapt to changing trends, user preferences, new technologies, and new
feature sets for mobile and other devices, including determining whether to
invest in development for any new technologies, and achieve a positive
return on the costs associated with such adaptation;

• continue to adapt mobile app feature sets for an increasingly diverse set
of mobile devices, including various operating systems and specifications,
limited bandwidth, and varying processing power and screen sizes;

• achieve and maintain successful user engagement and effectively monetize
our Apps;

• develop mobile games that can build upon or become franchise games and
expand and enhance our mobile games after their initial releases;

• develop Apps other than mobile games;

• identify and execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;

• attract advertisers to advertise on our Apps;

• partner with third-party platforms and obtain featuring opportunities;

• compete successfully against a large and growing number of competitors;

• accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations, including
mobile app and feature development, marketing, and user acquisition;

• minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages;
                                     24                                     
Table of Content s

• acquire, or invest in, and successfully integrate high quality mobile app
companies or technologies;

• retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other key
personnel from such acquisitions and investments; and
• manage our strategic review of our Apps portfolio, including actions we
may take that reduce Apps revenue in order to seek higher margins and the
effects of the review on morale and personnel.
These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will
succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if successful,
certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games, may have a relatively
short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand into additional genres of mobile
games or additional categories of mobile apps, we will face risks as well as
market, legal and regulatory challenges specific to those genres or
categories. For example, in mid-core games, there is typically a higher
upfront investment prior to the launch of a game compared to casual games,
which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose us to greater
risks as our financial condition and results of operations will be more
significantly adversely affected to the extent such a game does not become
popular and commercially successful. If we are not successful in launching
new mobile games or expanding into other genres of mobile games or
categories of mobile apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.
If we fail to retain existing users or add new users cost-effectively, or if
our users decrease their level of engagement with Apps, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The size of our user base and the level of user engagement with our Apps are
critical to our success. Our results of operations have been and will
continue to be significantly determined by our success in acquiring and
engaging App users. We expect that the number of our App users may fluctuate
or decline as a result of apps divestitures or other actions we take in
connection with our review of our Apps portfolio, or in one or more markets
from time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher
penetration rates or where the macro economic conditions have been
negatively impacted. For example, we have reduced our user acquisition spend
for our portfolio of Apps as we increased our desired return goals, which
has contributed to a decline in MAPs compared to periods before such
adjustments. In addition, if people do not perceive our Apps as useful or
entertaining, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise
maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement, which
could harm our revenue. A number of mobile apps that achieved early
popularity have since seen their user bases or user engagement levels
decline. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion
of our App users or user engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns
have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure,
particularly as we introduce new and different Apps. Any number of factors
can adversely affect user growth and engagement, including if:

• users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors or
mobile apps in categories other than those of our Apps;

• we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find engaging or that
achieve a high level of market acceptance or we introduce new Apps, or make
changes to existing Apps that are not favorably received;

• users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the
decisions we make with respect to the frequency, prominence, format, size,
and quality of advertisements that we display;

• users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing our
Apps as a result of actions by us or third parties;

• we are unable to continue to develop Apps that work with a variety of
mobile operating systems and networks; and

• questions about the quality of our Apps, our data practices or concerns
related to privacy and sharing of personal information and other user data,
safety, security, or other factors.

Additionally, we expect it will become increasingly difficult and more
expensive for us to acquire users for our Apps for a variety of reasons,
including the increasingly competitive nature of the mobile app ecosystem
and the significant amount of time and attention users are dedicating to
competing entertainment options. Further, we believe that the changes that
Apple has implemented during the last several years to its platform,
particularly the removal of the Top Grossing rankings and decreasing the
prominence of the Top Free rankings as well as transparency and IDFA
changes, have adversely affected the number of organic downloads of our
Apps. If our competitors increase their user acquisition spending, we could
experience higher costs per an install for our Apps, which would adversely
affect our revenue and margins. Furthermore, our spending on user
acquisition is based on certain assumptions about their projected behavior,
particularly for new Apps for which we do not have similar Apps in our
portfolio to aid us in our modeling efforts. If we are unable to grow our
user base and increase our user engagement levels, or unable to do so cost
effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.
                                     25                                     
Table of Content s

Our revenue has been concentrated in various ways and the loss of, or a
significant reduction in, any such revenue source, or our failure to
successfully expand and diversify our revenue sources could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We have historically experienced revenue concentration with respect to
certain Apps as well as other facets of our business. Our future success
depends, in part, on launching or acquiring and successfully monetizing
additional Apps and on establishing and maintaining successful relationships
with a diverse set of clients. While our Apps consist of over 350 mobile
games, currently a limited number of those are responsible for a significant
portion of our revenue. I n the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, three
games, Project Makeover, Matchington Mansion and Wordscapes, collectively
represented approximately 20% of our revenue. The loss or failure to
successfully monetize one of these Apps could have a significant impact on
our results of operations. For example, in the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 , our IAP Revenue decreased, primarily due to decreases in revenue
from Project Makeover and Matchington Mansion, and continued declines in
these Apps may significantly impact of Apps segment. Similarly, our future
success depends, in part, on the ability of our Owned Studios and Partner
Studios to launch and monetize additional mobile games and other mobile
apps, as well as, on our ability to successfully acquire and monetize
additional mobile games and other mobile apps, and these Apps may not
successfully diversify our revenue concentration. If we are unable to
successfully launch or acquire new Apps, our reliance on a limited number of
Apps may increase. Additionally, certain genres of games typically rely on
only a small portion of their total users for a significant amount of their
revenue, and as we expand our number of Apps in these genres, such as mid-
core, we may experience these effects and need to attract, engage, and
increase the spending levels of these particular users to achieve success.

More generally, we face concentration risk in that our Software Platform and
Apps operate in the mobile app ecosystem and specifically mobile gaming. As
such, our business depends, in part, on the continued health and growth of
these app ecosystems, which have been adversely affected in recent periods
by global macroeconomic conditions. Further, a significant amount of our
total revenue is derived through a limited number of third-party
distribution platforms, such as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store,
and Facebook. Because Facebook and Google are also significant partners of
Adjust, a deterioration in our or Adjust’s relationship with such companies
would have a greater impact on our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. If any of these concentrated portions of our revenue
are harmed or are lost, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.
We have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be indicative of our
future growth. We may be unable to effectively manage the growth of our
business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.
We have experienced rapid growth in the scale, scope, and complexity of our
business. For example, our Software Platform revenue has expanded rapidly,
in particular since the launch of our ML-engine AXON. Our growth in any
prior period should not be relied upon as an indication of our future
performance, as we may not be able to sustain our growth rate in the future.
Even if our revenue continues to increase, we expect that our revenue growth
rate may decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors,
including because of more difficult comparisons to prior periods and the
saturation of the market. The overall growth of our revenue depends in part
on our ability to execute on our growth strategies.

Additionally, the growth and expansion of our business has placed and
continues to place a significant strain on our management, operations,
financial infrastructure, and corporate culture. Our future success depends
in part on our ability to manage this expanded business. If not managed
effectively, this growth could result in the over-extension of our
management systems and information technology systems and our internal
controls and procedures may not be adequate to support this growth. Failure
to adequately manage our growth in any of these ways may cause damage to our
brand and reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.
Our future growth may involve expansion into new business opportunities, and
any efforts to do so that are unsuccessful or are not cost-effective could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.
In the past, we have grown by expanding our offerings into new business
opportunities and we expect to continue to do so. We have dedicated
resources to expanding into adjacent business opportunities in which large
competitors have an established presence. Additionally, our future growth
may include expansion into additional features for mobile apps, other mobile
app sectors, connected TV markets, OEM and carrier-related markets,
blockchain-related markets or other opportunities which may require
significant investment in order to launch and which may not be prove
successful. Further, any such expansion may subject us to new or additional
laws and regulations, compliance with which may be burdensome and costly.
Our future growth depends in part on our ability to correctly identify areas
of investment and to cost-effectively execute on our plans. For example, we
generate revenue through our recently acquired Wurl CTV business which
provides streaming content distribution and advertising services. The market
for CTV platforms is relatively new and evolving and this market may develop
slower or differently than we expect. There can be no assurance that the
evolution of CTV and its content and services will continue to grow or that
we can successfully navigate any shifts in consumer demand in this market.

We have in the past and may in the future expend significant resources in
connection with strategic acquisitions and partnerships to expand into new
business opportunities. Even if successful, the growth of any new business
opportunity could create significant challenges for our management and
operational resources and could require considerable investment. The
deployment of significant resources towards a new opportunity that proves
unsuccessful, or our inability to choose the correct investment
opportunities for our future, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.
                                     26                                     
Table of Content s

Our international operations are subject to increased challenges and risks.

We expect to continue to expand our international operations in the future
by opening new offices, entering into strategic partnerships with new
international game studios, acquiring companies that may have international
operations, and providing our Apps in additional countries and languages.
For example, our Owned Studios and Partner Studios are located throughout
the world, including in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes
or more potential risks, such as Belarus, China, and Vietnam and with
partners in Russia and Ukraine. Expanding our international operations may
subject us to risks associated with:

• recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and employees in
foreign countries;

• the diversion of senior management attention;

• challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences;

• developing and customizing Software Platform and Apps that appeal to the
tastes and preferences of users in international markets;

• the inability to offer certain Software Platform or Apps in certain
foreign countries;

• competition from local mobile app developers with intellectual property
rights and significant market share in those markets and with a better
understanding of user preferences;

• utilizing, protecting, defending, and enforcing our intellectual property
rights;

• negotiating agreements with local distribution platforms that are
sufficiently economically beneficial to us and protective of our rights;

• the inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content, or
technology into new jurisdictions;

• implementing alternative payment methods for features and virtual goods in
a manner that complies with local laws and practices and protects us from
fraud;

• compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, including anti-
bribery laws, privacy laws, and laws relating to content and consumer
protection (for example, the United Kingdom’s Office of Fair Trading’s 2014
principles relating to IAPs in free-to-play games that are directed toward
children 16 and under);

• credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;

• currency exchange rate fluctuations;

• protectionist laws and business practices that favor local businesses in
certain countries;

• double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax
consequences due to changes in the tax laws in the United States or the
foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;

• political, economic, macro-economic climate and social instability,
including impacts related to labor, supply chain disruptions, inflation, and
as a result of war, terrorism, or armed conflict, including Russia’s
invasion of Ukraine and its impacts on the region and the regional and
global economy;

• public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can result in
varying impacts to our employees, clients, users, advertisers, app
developers, and business partners internationally;

• higher costs associated with doing business internationally, including
costs related to local advisors;

• export or import regulations; and

• trade and tariff restrictions.

Our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular
international market is uncertain and, in the past, we have experienced
difficulties and have not been successful in all the countries we have
entered. If we are unable to continue to expand internationally or manage
the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
                                     27                                     
Table of Content s

Our business depends in part on our ability to increase in-app purchases,
manage the economies in our Apps and respond to changes with respect to in-
app purchases, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our Apps portfolio depends in part on our ability to increase the amount of
IAPs in our Apps, which requires our studios to effectively design mobile
games and other apps that create features and virtual goods for which users
will pay. Users make IAPs because of the perceived in-app value of virtual
goods, which is dependent on the relative ease of obtaining an equivalent
good by playing our mobile games. The perceived in-app value of these
virtual goods can be impacted by various actions that we take in the mobile
games including offering discounts for virtual goods, giving away virtual
goods in promotions, or providing easier non-paid means to secure these
goods. Managing virtual economies is difficult and relies on our assumptions
and judgement. Further, changes in user preferences, including with respect
to how they interact with mobile apps and general views towards IAPs, could
decrease levels of spending on IAPs on our Apps and in the mobile app
ecosystem generally. If we fail to manage our virtual economies properly or
fail to promptly and successfully respond to any disruption in such
economies, our reputation may be harmed and our users may be less likely to
play our mobile games and to purchase virtual goods from us in the future,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

In addition, changes in the policies of Apple, Google, or other third-party
platforms, or changes in accounting policies promulgated by the SEC, and
national accounting standards bodies affecting software and virtual goods
revenue recognition, could further significantly affect the way we report
revenue related to IAPs, which could adversely affect our results of
operations. Any changes in user, third-party platform, or regulator views
towards IAPs, or any inability by us to respond to changing trends with
respect to IAPs, could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

We anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and we may
not be able to achieve or maintain our profitability in any given period. If
we cannot achieve or maintain our profitability, our business could be
adversely affected.

Although we have been profitable on a GAAP basis and had positive cash flow
from operations in certain prior periods, we may not always achieve
sufficient revenue or manage our expenses in order to achieve positive cash
flow from operations or profitability in any given period. Our operating
expenses may continue to rise over the long term as we implement additional
initiatives designed to increase revenue, potentially including: developing
our Core Technologies, Software Platform and technology stack, launching
Apps, strategic acquisitions and partnerships, In-App Advertising client and
user acquisition spending, international expansion, hiring additional
employees, and taking other steps to strengthen and grow our company. We are
likely to recognize costs associated with these investments earlier than
some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be
lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. We also anticipate that
the costs of acquiring new clients and mobile app users, and otherwise
marketing our Software Platform and Apps, will continue to rise. Further, we
may continue to incur significant costs in connection with strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, which costs may increase or become more
concentrated to the extent we enter into larger transactions. If we are not
able to maintain positive cash flow in the long term, we may require
additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at
all, and which may be dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to
generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur
significant losses in the future and may not be able to maintain positive
cash flow from operations or profitability.

The COVID-19 pandemic and global responses thereto have caused economic
disruption and altered our business practices, and may continue to harm our
business.

The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social distancing and shelter-in-place
orders put in place around the world caused widespread disruption in global
economies, productivity, and financial markets and altered the way in which
we conduct our day-to-day business.

The global economy has experienced, and may continue to experience,
significant volatility as a result of COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken in
response thereto. A weakened global economy has negatively impacted and may
continue to negatively impact our business partners as well as our users’
in-app purchasing decisions and users’ buying decisions across the globe
generally, which could adversely affect advertiser activity. We may
experience heightened levels of variability in the pricing of advertising
both in terms of user acquisition and as it relates to our Software Platform
and Apps. If these conditions result in significant decreased pricing of
advertising, the revenue we make from our Software Platform and advertisers
paying to display advertisements in our Apps could be adversely affected,
particularly if the levels of user engagement in our Apps are not sufficient
to offset these declines, and we may experience increased pressure on our
overall margins. If we are not able to respond to and manage the direct and
indirect impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, then our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

With the general shift to remote work, we are able to tap into candidate
pools previously unavailable to us, but candidates have also sought
increased flexibility and may have more options available to them. We will
continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and
may take further actions that alter our business operations. If we are not
able to respond to and manage the direct and indirect impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on our business, then our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.
                                     28                                     
Table of Content s
Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain
this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.
We believe that our company culture has been critical to our success and
will be important for our continued growth. We face a number of challenges
that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate culture, including:
failure to identify, attract, reward, and retain people in leadership
positions in our organization who share and further our culture and values;
the increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce; competitive
pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our culture and
values; the continued challenges of a rapidly-evolving industry; the
increasing need to develop expertise in new areas of business that affect
us; a negative perception of our treatment of employees or our response to
employee sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of
management; and the integration of new personnel and businesses from
acquisitions. For example, during 2022 we implemented a reduction in force
that affected approximately 15% of our employees, which may adversely affect
employee morale, our culture and our ability to attract and retain
employees. If we are not able to maintain our culture, we could lose the
innovation, passion, and dedication of our team and as a result, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

If we do not successfully or cost-effectively invest in, establish, and
maintain awareness of the AppLovin brand, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We believe that establishing and maintaining the AppLovin brand is critical
to maintaining and creating favorable relationships with, and our ability to
attract, new clients, particularly Software Platform Enterprise Clients, and
key personnel. Increasing awareness of the AppLovin brand will depend
largely upon our marketing efforts and our ability to successfully
differentiate our Software Platform from the offerings of our competitors.
In addition, successfully globalizing and extending our brand requires
significant investment and extensive management time. If we fail to maintain
and increase brand awareness and recognition of our Software Platform, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

We have made public commitments to our corporate Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) and human capital management initiatives, including our
environmental impact towards a sustainable future. Any perceived changes in
our dedication to these commitments or our failure to achieve progress in
these areas could adversely impact our relationships with our customers and
employees, affect our reputation and the value of our brand.
We generally do not have long-term agreements with our clients.
Our clients are not required to enter into long-term agreements with us and
may choose to stop using our Software Platform at any time. For example, our
advertising agreements can be executed in as little as one day and can be
terminated for convenience on two days’ notice. In order to continue to grow
our Software Platform, we must consistently provide offerings that clients
see as valuable and choose to use. If we fail to maintain our relationships
with our clients, or if the terms of these relationships become less
favorable to us, our results of operations would be harmed. Additionally, as
certain of our clients are also our competitors, these clients may choose to
invest in their own offerings rather than continue to use our Software
Platform. Any failure to maintain our relationships with clients could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

If our Apps do not meet user expectations, or contain objectionable content,
our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Expectations regarding the quality, performance, and integrity of our Apps
are high. We must continually adapt to changing user preferences including
the popularity of various game categories, style of play, and IAP options.
Users may be critical of our Apps, business models, or business practices
for a wide variety of reasons, including perceptions about gameplay,
fairness, game content, features, or services. Independent industry analysts
may publish reviews of our Apps from time to time, as well as those of our
competitors, and perception of our Apps in the marketplace may be
significantly influenced by these reviews. We have no control over what
users or these industry analysts report. If users and industry analysts
negatively respond to our Apps or changes that we make to our Apps, or
provide negative reviews of our Apps, our reputation, business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Further, despite reasonable precautions, some users may be offended by
certain mobile app content, advertisements displayed in our Apps or by the
treatment of other users. For example, if users believe that an
advertisement displayed in an App contains objectionable content, we could
experience damage to our brand and reputation and users could refuse to play
such game and pressure platform providers to remove the App from their
platforms. While such content may violate our terms and we may subsequently
remove it, our brand and reputation may nonetheless be harmed and our
clients may become dissatisfied with our services. Furthermore, steps that
we may take in response to such instances, such as temporarily or
permanently shutting off access of a user to our Apps, could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. Any failure to meet user
expectations or provide our Apps without objectionable content could
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.
                                     29                                     
Table of Content s

The proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers that seek to
exploit our mobile games and users may adversely affect game-playing
experiences and lead users to stop playing our mobile games. Our failure to
maintain a customer support ecosystem may enhance these risks.

Our users rely on our customer support organization to resolve any issues
relating to our mobile games. Customer support is important for satisfying
user expectations regarding the quality, performance, and integrity of our
mobile games. We currently have limited customer support operations. If we
do not effectively train, supplement, and manage our customer support
organization to assist our users, and if that support organization does not
succeed in helping users quickly resolve issues or provide effective ongoing
support, we could experience decreased user engagement and harm to our
reputation with potential new users.

Additionally, unrelated third parties have developed, and may continue to
develop, “cheating” programs that enable users to exploit vulnerabilities in
our mobile games, play them in an automated way, collude to alter the
intended game play, or obtain unfair advantages over other users who do play
fairly. These programs harm the experience of users who play fairly and may
disrupt the virtual economies of our mobile games and reduce the demand for
certain IAPs. In addition, unrelated third parties have attempted to scam
our users with fake offers for virtual goods or other game benefits. These
unauthorized or fraudulent transactions are usually arranged on third-party
websites and the virtual goods offered may have been obtained through
unauthorized means, such as exploiting vulnerabilities in our mobile games,
or may be fraudulent offers. We do not generate any revenue from these
transactions. These unauthorized purchases and sales from third-party
sellers have in the past and could in the future impede our revenue and
profit growth.

There can be no assurance that our customer support and other efforts to
detect, prevent, or minimize these unauthorized or fraudulent transactions
will be successful, that these actions will not increase over time or that
our customer support efforts will be successful in resolving user issues.
Any failure to maintain adequate customer support or success of third-party
cheating programs or scams may negatively affect game-playing experiences
and lead users to stop playing our mobile games, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
                                                                            
  Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters                             
                                                                            
We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking,
targeting, and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are
continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We receive, store, and process personal information and other data,
including data relating to individuals and households, and we enable our
users to share their personal information with each other and with third
parties, including within our Apps. There are numerous federal, state, and
local laws around the world regarding privacy and the collection, storing,
sharing, use, processing, disclosure, deletion, and protection of personal
information and other data, including data relating to individuals and
households, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing
interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with
other rules.

Various government and consumer agencies have called for new regulation and
changes in industry practices and are continuing to review the need for
greater regulation for the collection of information concerning consumer
behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain
targeted advertising practices. For example, the GDPR, which became
effective in May 2018, created new individual privacy rights and imposed
worldwide obligations on companies processing personal data of European
Union ("EU") users, which has created a greater compliance burden for us and
other companies with European users, and subjects violators to substantial
monetary penalties. The United Kingdom has implemented legislation that
substantially implements the GDPR and which also provides for substantial
monetary penalties. In June 2021, the European Commission announced a
decision of “adequacy” concluding that the United Kingdom ensures an
equivalent level of data protection to the GDPR, which provides some relief
regarding the legality of continued personal data flows from the European
Economic Area to the United Kingdom. Such adequacy decision must, however,
be renewed after four years and may be modified or revoked in the interim.
In October 2022, the United Kingdom announced its plans to depart from the
GDPR and implement its own framework. We cannot fully predict how United
Kingdom data protection laws or regulations may develop in the medium to
longer term, nor the effects of divergent laws and guidance regarding how
data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated.
                                     30                                     
Table of Content s

With regard to transfers to the United States of personal data (as such term
is used in the GDPR and applicable EU member state legislation) from our
employees and European users and other third parties, we have relied upon
the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield as well as certain standard
contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission (the "SCCs"); however,
both the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the SCCs have been subject to legal
challenge, and on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the EU, Europe’s
highest court, held in the Schrems II case that the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield
was invalid, and imposed obligations in connection with the use of the SCCs.
EU regulators since have issued guidance regarding these obligations that we
and other companies must consider and undertake when using the SCCs. On June
4, 2021, the European Commission adopted new SCCs, taking into account the
Schrems II case and reflecting requirements under the GDPR. Additionally,
the United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s Office issued new standard
contractual clauses to support personal data transfers out of the United
Kingdom on February 2, 2022 that became effective March 21, 2022, were
required to be used for new contractual arrangements as of September 21,
2022, and must replace prior standard contractual clauses as of March 21,
2024. Further, in the European Economic Area, the Austrian, French, Italian,
and Danish data protection authorities recently indicated that use of Google
Analytics by European website operators involves the unlawful transfer of
personal data to the United States. In March 2022, the EU and U.S. announced
that they reached an agreement in principle on a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy
Framework. In October 2022, the U.S. issued an executive order in
furtherance of this framework. In December 2022, the EU Commission has
launched the process for the adoption of its adequacy decision. We are in
the process of assessing these developments and their impact on our data
transfer mechanisms. The SCCs and other cross-border data transfer
mechanisms may face additional legal challenges or be the subject of
additional legislative activity and regulatory guidance. We and many other
companies may need to implement different or additional measures to
establish or maintain legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of
personal data from the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United
Kingdom, or other jurisdictions to the United States, and we may, in
addition to other impacts, experience additional costs associated with
increased compliance burdens, and we and our clients face the potential for
regulators to apply different standards to the transfer of personal data
from the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or other
jurisdictions to the United States, and to block, or require ad hoc
verification of measures taken with respect to, certain data flows. We also
may be required to engage in contract negotiations with third parties that
aid in processing data on our behalf, to the extent that any of our service
providers, or consultants have been relying on invalidated or insufficient
contractual protections for compliance with evolving interpretations of and
guidance for cross-border data transfers pursuant to the GDPR or other
privacy laws. In such cases, we may not be able to find alternative service
providers which could limit our ability to process personal data from the
European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or other impacted
jurisdictions and increase our costs and/or impact our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, Apps, or other offerings. We and our clients may face a
risk of enforcement actions by data protection authorities relating to
personal data transfers. Any such enforcement actions could result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources, distract management and
technical personnel, and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Similar to GDPR, in September 2020, Brazil
enacted the Brazilian General Data Protection Law ("LGPD"). In August 2021,
China passed a new data privacy law known as PIPL, effective November 1,
2021, which adopts a stringent data transfer regime requiring, among other
things, data subject consent for certain data transfers. Any of these
developments may have an adverse effect on our business.

Moreover, the GDPR and other similar regulations require companies to give
specific types of notice and in some cases seek consent from consumers and
other data subjects before collecting or using their data for certain
purposes, including some marketing activities. In addition to the GDPR, the
European Commission has another draft regulation in the approval process
that focuses on a person’s right to conduct a private life. The proposed
legislation, known as the Regulation of Privacy and Electronic
Communications ("ePrivacy Regulation"), would replace the current ePrivacy
Directive. Originally planned to be adopted and implemented at the same time
as the GDPR, the ePrivacy Regulation is still being negotiated. On February
10, 2021, the Council of the EU agreed on its version of the draft ePrivacy
Regulation. If adopted, the earliest date for entry into force is in 2023,
with broad potential impacts on the use of internet-based services and
tracking technologies, such as cookies. Aspects of the ePrivacy Regulation
remain for negotiation between the European Commission and the Council.

Another example is California’s passage of the CCPA, which went into effect
on January 1, 2020, with implementing regulations taking effect August 14,
2020, and which created new privacy rights for users residing in the state,
including a private right of action for data breaches. The CPRA was approved
by California voters in November 2020, went into effect on January 1, 2023,
and significantly modifies the CCPA, resulting in further uncertainty and
requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply.
Additionally, other states are considering comprehensive privacy
legislation, some of which contemplate private rights of action, which may
increase the likelihood of class action litigation, that could also
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations. For example, Nevada, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and
Connecticut have similarly enacted comprehensive privacy laws - The Nevada
Privacy Law taking effect October 1, 2019, the Consumer Data Protection Act
taking effect on January 1, 2023, the Colorado Privacy Act taking effect on
July 1, 2023, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act taking effect on December 31,
2023, and Connecticut’s Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online
Monitoring taking effect on July 1, 2023, respectively. All of these laws
emulate the CCPA and CPRA in many respects. Broad federal privacy
legislation has also been proposed. Our efforts to comply with the GDPR,
CCPA, COPPA, and similar legal requirements, such as Brazil's LGPD and
China's PIPL, have required us and will continue to require us to devote
significant operational resources and incur significant expenses. Our
privacy and data protection compliance and oversight efforts will require
significant time and attention from our management and board of directors.
                                     31                                     
Table of Content s

Further, children’s privacy has been a focus of recent enforcement
activities and subjects our business to potential liability that could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.
Enforcement of COPPA, which requires companies to obtain parental consent
before collecting personal information from children known to be under the
age of thirteen or from child-directed websites or online services, has
increased in recent years. In addition, the GDPR prohibits certain
processing of the personal information of children under the age of thirteen
to sixteen (depending on jurisdiction) without parental consent where
consent is used as the lawful basis for processing that personal
information. The CCPA, as amended and supplemented by the CPRA, requires
companies to obtain the consent of children in California under the age of
sixteen (or parental consent for children under the age of thirteen) before
selling their personal information. There also may be various laws,
regulations, industry standards, codes of conduct, or other actual or
asserted obligations relating to children’s privacy to which we may be, or
be asserted to be, subject, or that may otherwise impact our business and
operations. For example, the United Kingdom’s Age Appropriate Design Code
(“AADC”) is one such regulatory framework that has been adopted in the
United Kingdom that focuses on online safety and protection of children’s
privacy online, and similar frameworks are being considered for adoption in
other jurisdictions. California also has enacted the California Age-
Appropriate Design Code Act (“ADCA”), which will take effect on July 1,
2024. The ADCA implements into law certain principles taken from the AADC,
among other things, and imposes substantial new obligations upon companies
that offer online services, products, or features “likely to be accessed” by
children, defined under the ADCA as anyone under 18 years of age. Although
we take reasonable efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulations
and certain other standards, we may in the future face claims under COPPA,
the GDPR, the CCPA, the CPRA, or other laws, regulations, or other actual or
asserted obligations relating to children’s privacy.

All of our mobile games are subject to privacy policies and terms of service
located in application storefronts, within our mobile games, and on our
respective websites. We endeavor to comply with industry standards and are
subject to the terms of our privacy-related obligations and commitments to
users and third parties. We strive to comply with all applicable laws,
policies, legal obligations, and certain industry codes of conduct relating
to privacy and data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable.
However, it is possible that these or other actual or asserted obligations
relating to privacy, data protection, or information security may be
interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one
jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices.
It is also possible that new laws, policies, legal obligations, or industry
codes of conduct may be passed, or existing laws, policies, legal
obligations, or industry codes of conduct may be interpreted in such a way
that could prevent us from being able to offer services to residents of a
certain jurisdiction or may make it costlier or more difficult for us to do
so. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our terms of
service or privacy policy, or with applicable laws, regulations, or legal,
contractual, or other actual or asserted obligations to users or third
parties, concerning privacy, information security, data protection, consumer
protection, or protection of minors; or our privacy-related legal
obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized
release or transfer of personal information or other user data, may result
in governmental enforcement actions or other proceedings, claims, demands,
and litigation by private parties, or public statements against us by
consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our users to lose trust
in us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or
results of operations. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as
users, developers, vendors, service providers, or other business partners
violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also put our
users’ information at risk and could in turn adversely affect our
reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which
are unsettled and still developing, which could subject us to claims or
otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad that
affect our business, including state and federal laws regarding consumer
protection, electronic marketing, protection of minors, data protection, and
privacy, competition, taxation, intellectual property, money transmission,
money laundering, investment screening, export, and national security, which
are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of
the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be
conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. There is a risk
that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner that is not
consistent with our current practices and which could adversely affect our
business. As our Software Platform grows and evolves and our Software
Platform and our Apps are used in a greater number of countries, we may also
become subject to laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions or other
jurisdictions may claim that we are required to comply with their laws and
regulations.
                                     32                                     
Table of Content s

With respect to our Apps, we are potentially subject to a number of foreign
and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering of certain types
of content, such as content that depicts violence, the social casino game
genre, or loot boxes, many of which are ambiguous or still evolving and
could be interpreted in ways that could adversely affect our business or
expose us to liability. Some state attorney generals as well as other
international regulatory bodies have brought and may continue to bring legal
actions against social casino app developers and the third-party
distribution platforms for such apps. Further, several jurisdictions have
been regulating and continue to regulate the use of loot boxes in mobile
games. Loot boxes are a commonly used monetization technique in free-to-play
mobile games in which a user can acquire a virtual loot box, typically
through mobile game play or by using virtual goods, but the user does not
know which virtual good(s) he or she will receive (which may be a common,
rare, or extremely rare item, and may be a duplicate of an item the user
already has in his or her inventory) until the loot box is opened. The user
will always receive one or more virtual goods when he or she opens the loot
box, but the user does not know exactly which item(s) until the loot box is
opened. In April 2018, each of the Belgian Gaming Commission and the Dutch
Gambling Authority declared that loot boxes as implemented in certain games
by other companies that they reviewed constituted illegal gambling under
each country’s laws. Further, the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") has
examined consumer protection issues related to loot boxes and various other
jurisdictions, including certain U.S. states, Australia, Brazil, and the
United Kingdom are reviewing or have indicated that they intend to review
the legality of loot boxes and whether they constitute gambling.
Additionally, in 2021, Germany approved a new Youth Protection Act, that
came into effect on May 1, 2021, which makes it unlawful to sell video games
that contain loot boxes to minors. In some of our mobile games, certain
mechanics may be deemed as “loot boxes”. New regulation by the FTC, U.S.
states, or other international jurisdictions could require that these game
mechanics be modified or removed from games or that such apps be changed
entirely, both of which could increase the costs of operating our mobile
games, impact user engagement and monetization, or otherwise adversely
affect our business. In addition, the increased attention focused upon
liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could
harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. It is
difficult to predict how existing or new laws may be applied to these or
similar game mechanics or genres. Further, laws or regulations may vary
significantly across jurisdictions.

It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or
construed to apply to us in the United States and elsewhere that could
restrict the mobile app ecosystem, including user privacy, data protection,
advertising, communications, taxation, content suitability, copyright,
distribution, and antitrust. Furthermore, the growth and development of
electronic commerce and virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent
consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies
such as ours conducting business through the internet and mobile devices.
For example, China implemented a new policy in September 2021 that restricts
online gaming for those under age 18 to one hour in the evening on Fridays,
weekends and public holidays. We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of
our industry will increase and we will be required to devote legal and other
resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new
laws regarding the marketing of IAPs, labeling of free-to-play mobile games,
or regulation of currency, banking institutions, unclaimed property or money
transmission may be interpreted to cover our mobile games and the virtual
currency, goods, or payments that we receive. We may also expand into new
business opportunities that subject us to additional laws and regulations.
As such, we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals
from relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us
meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be subject to
additional regulation and oversight, all of which could significantly
increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws or regulations or the
imposition of new laws and regulations in the United States or elsewhere
regarding these activities may lessen the growth of the mobile app
ecosystem. Any costs incurred as a result of adapting to laws and
regulations, or as a result of liability in connection therewith, could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws, and non-compliance with such laws could
subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and adversely affect
our business and reputation.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), the U.S.
domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the U.S. Travel Act,
and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws applicable in the
jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery
laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years, are interpreted
broadly and prohibit companies, their employees, and third party business
partners, representatives, and agents from promising, authorizing, making or
offering improper payments or other benefits, directly or indirectly, to
government officials and others in the private sector in order to influence
official action, direct business to any person, gain any improper advantage,
or obtain or retain business. As we continue to expand our business
internationally, our risks under these laws increase.

We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may
have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of
government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held
liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, third-
party business partners, representatives, and agents, even if we do not
explicitly authorize such activities. These laws also require that we keep
accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance
procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and
procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that
our employees, third-party business partners, representatives, and agents
will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for
which we may be ultimately held responsible and our exposure for violating
these laws increases as our international presence expands and as we
increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions.
                                     33                                     
Table of Content s

Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could
result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations,
loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, suspension or
disbarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion of
management’s attention, significant legal fees and fines, severe criminal or
civil sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, disgorgement of
profits, other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the
conduct of our business, any of which could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws
that could impair our ability to compete in global markets or subject us to
liability if we violate the controls.

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps may be subject to U.S.
export controls. Exports of our products and the underlying technology may
require export authorizations, including by license, a license exception, or
other appropriate government authorizations, including the filing of an
encryption classification request or self-classification report, as
applicable.

Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions laws and
regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Control that prohibit the shipment of most technologies to
embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without the required export
authorizations. These laws, regulations, and sanctions are rapidly evolving
and may be in conflict across international jurisdictions, leading to
uncertainty and difficulty in achieving full compliance. Should we violate
such existing or similar future sanctions or regulations, we may be subject
to substantial monetary fines or suffer reputational damage and other
penalties that could negatively impact our business. If we need to obtain
any necessary export license or other authorization for a particular sale,
the process may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of
opportunities to sell our products.

We take precautions to prevent our products and the underlying technology
from being provided, deployed or used in violation of export control and
sanctions laws, including implementation of IP address blocking and
sanctioned person screening, and are in the process of further enhancing our
policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance.
However, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures relating to
export control and sanctions compliance will prevent violations in the
future by us or our partners or agents. If we are found to be in violation
of U.S. sanctions or export control regulations, including failure to obtain
appropriate import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, it can result
in significant penalties and government investigations, as well as
reputational harm and loss of business. Knowing and willful violations can
result in possible incarcerations for responsible employees and managers.

In addition to the United States, various other countries regulate the
import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including
import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could
limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our clients’
ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps, or future changes in export and
import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products and
the underlying technology in international markets, prevent our clients with
global operations from deploying our products globally, or, in some cases,
prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries,
governments, or persons altogether. From time to time, various governmental
agencies have proposed additional regulation of encryption technology.

Our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and client and
user base in international markets and acquiring companies that may operate
in countries where we do not already do business. Such acquisitions may
subject us to additional or expanded export regulations. Further, any change
in export or import regulations or controls, economic sanctions or related
legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or
technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of
our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products
to, existing or potential clients with global operations. Any decreased use
of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products
in major international markets could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.
                                     34                                     
Table of Content s

Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax
rates, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under are unsettled and may be
subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws (including in response to
the COVID-19 pandemic) or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of
existing laws, could cause us to be subject to additional income-based taxes
and non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital, net
worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For
example, in December 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted the tax
reform legislation known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "2017 Tax Act").
The 2017 Tax Act significantly changed the existing U.S. corporate income
tax laws by, among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate,
implementing a partially territorial tax system, and imposing a one-time
deemed repatriation tax on certain post-1986 foreign earnings. Further,
beginning in 2022, the 2017 Tax Act requires U.S. research and experimental
expenditures to be capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year
period. Any such expenditures attributable to research conducted outside the
U.S. must be capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. Although
Congress is considering legislation that would repeal or defer this
capitalization and amortization requirement, it is not certain that this
provision will be repealed or otherwise modified. Recently, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA"), enacted on August 16, 2022, imposed a
one-percent non-deductible excise tax on repurchases of stock that are made
by U.S. publicly traded corporations on or after January 1, 2023, which may
affect our share repurchase program. The IRA also imposes a 15% minimum tax
on global adjusted financial statement income for tax years beginning after
December 31, 2022 for certain large companies. F inally, many co untries in
the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations
such as the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Developmen t, have
recently proposed or recommended changes to existing tax laws or have
enacted new laws that could impact our tax obligations. Some of these or
other new rules could result in double taxation of our international
earnings. Any significant changes to our future effective tax rate could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
Our income tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating
structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we
develop, value, manage, and use our intellectual property and the valuation
of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our business,
including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject
to interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting
their laws in new ways in an effort to raise additional tax revenue. Our
existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been
implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing
tax laws. However, the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we
operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or
intercompany arrangements, which could impact our worldwide effective tax
rate and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Moreover, changes to our corporate structure and intercompany agreements,
including through acquisitions, could impact our worldwide effective tax
rate and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

In addition, we are subject to federal, state, and local taxes in the United
States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
in evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide provision for (benefit
from) taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many
activities and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. Our tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely
affected by changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws,
regulations, principles, and interpretations, including those relating to
income tax nexus, by our earnings being lower than anticipated in
jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than
anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, and by
challenges to our intercompany relationships and transfer pricing
arrangements. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our
determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific
jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position were
not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and
penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax
rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our business,
with some changes possibly affecting our tax obligations in future or past
years. We believe that our financial statements reflect adequate reserves to
cover such a contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard.
                                     35                                     
Table of Content s
Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or
in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes,
and any such assessments could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.
We do not collect sales and use, value added, and similar taxes in all
jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that such taxes
are not applicable in certain jurisdictions. Sales and use, value added, and
similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain
jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such
taxes are applicable or that our presence in such jurisdictions is
sufficient to require us to collect taxes, which could result in tax
assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to collect such
taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties, and interest or future
requirements may adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. Further, in June 2018, the Supreme Court held in South Dakota v.
Wayfair, Inc. that states could impose sales tax collection obligations on
out-of-state sellers even if those sellers lack any physical presence within
the states imposing the sales taxes. Under the Wayfair decision, a person
requires only a “substantial nexus” with the taxing state before the state
may subject the person to sales tax collection obligations therein. An
increasing number of states (both before and after the publication of the
Wayfair decision) have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose
sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state sellers. The Supreme
Court’s Wayfair decision has removed a significant impediment to the
enactment and enforcement of these laws, and it is possible that states may
seek to tax out-of-state sellers on sales that occurred in prior tax years,
which could create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a
competitive disadvantage if such states do not impose similar obligations on
our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or
advertising that is served through our Software Platform or Apps, our
business could be adversely affected.

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence,
copyright, patent or trademark infringement, public performance royalties,
or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we
distribute. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA") is intended,
in part, to limit the liability of eligible service providers for caching,
hosting, or linking to user content that includes materials that infringe
copyrights or other rights. We rely on the protections provided by the DMCA
in conducting our business. Similarly, Section 230 of the Communications
Decency Act ("Section 230") protects online distribution platforms, such as
ours, from actions taken under various laws that might otherwise impose
liability on the platform provider for what content creators develop or the
actions they take or inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines that we
may rely on in the future are subject to uncertain judicial interpretation
and regulatory and legislative amendments. Future regulatory or legislative
changes may ultimately require us to take a more active approach towards
content moderation, which could diminish the depth, breadth, and variety of
content we offer and, in so doing, reduce our revenue. Moreover, the DMCA
and Section 230 provide protections primarily in the United States. If the
rules around these statutes and doctrines change, if international
jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections, or if a court were to
disagree with our application of those rules to our business, we could incur
liability and our business could be adversely affected. If we become liable
for these types of claims as a result of the content that is included in our
Apps or the advertisements that are served through our Software Platform,
then our business may be adversely affected. Litigation to defend these
claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any
liability could adversely affect our business. Our insurance may not be
adequate to cover these types of claims or any liability that may be imposed
on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our
liability for the actions of third parties, we may incur significant legal
expenses and other costs if copyright holders assert claims, or commence
litigation, alleging copyright infringement against our third-party
developers. While we prohibit mobile apps without distribution rights from
the copyright holder, and we maintain processes and systems for the
reporting and removal of infringing mobile apps, such prohibitions,
processes, and systems may not always be successful. If other developers,
licensees, platform providers, business partners, and personnel are
influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and are
deterred from working with us as a consequence, our ability to maintain or
expand our business, including through international expansion plans, could
be adversely affected.

We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs and demands upon
management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting
public companies, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), and the rules and regulations
of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing standards. The Exchange Act requires,
among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with
respect to our business and results of operations. Compliance with these
requirements has increased and will continue to increase our legal,
accounting, and financial compliance costs and increase demand on our
systems, making some activities more time-consuming and costly. We expect
these rules and regulations to make it more expensive for us to obtain
director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept
reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to
maintain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of
directors or as our executive officers. As a public company, we have
incurred and expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial
management effort toward ensuring compliance with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In addition, as a
public company, we may be subject to shareholder activism, which can lead to
substantial costs, distract management, and impact the manner in which we
operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate.
                                     36                                     
Table of Content s

As a result of disclosure of information in our public filings with the SEC
as required of a public company, our business and financial condition will
become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual
litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims
are successful, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in
litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and
resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our
management and our board of directors and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements could cause us to incur
additional expenses or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are involved in or may become involved in claims, suits, government
investigations, including formal and informal inquiries from government
authorities and regulators, and proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of our business, including actions with respect to intellectual property
claims, securities claims, privacy, data protection, or law enforcement
matters, tax matters, labor and employment claims, commercial and
acquisition-related claims, and other matters. We may become the subject of
investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions,
and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly
in the areas of privacy, data protection, law enforcement, consumer
protection, and competition, as we continue to grow and expand our
operations. In addition, we are currently, and may in the future be, subject
to regulatory orders or consent decrees. For example, data protection,
competition, and consumer protection authorities in the European Union have
initiated actions, investigations, or administrative orders seeking to
restrict the ways in which we collect and use information, or impose
sanctions, and other authorities may do the same.

Any such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are
inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty.
Regardless of their outcomes, such legal or regulatory proceedings can have
an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and
other personnel attention, and other factors. In addition, it is possible
that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in
substantial costs, civil and criminal liability, penalties, or sanctions, as
well as judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering
certain features, functionalities, products or services, or requiring a
change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.
                                                                            
  Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property                                
                                                                            
Failure to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual property
rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We regard our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps and related
source code as proprietary and rely on a variety of methods, including a
combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws and
employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements, to protect our
proprietary rights. We view the protection of our trade secrets, copyrights,
trademarks, service marks, trade dress, domain names, patents, and other
product rights as critical to our success. We strive to protect our
intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law
rights, as well as contractual restrictions and business practices. We also
enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our
employees and contractors and confidentiality agreements with parties with
whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use
of, our proprietary information. However, these contractual arrangements and
business practices may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary
information or deter independent development of similar technologies by
others.

We own or license, and pursue the registration of, copyrights, trademarks,
service marks, domain names, and patents in the United States and in certain
locations outside the United States. This process can be expensive and time-
consuming, may not always be successful depending on local laws or other
circumstances, and we also may choose not to pursue registrations in every
location depending on the nature of the project to which the intellectual
property rights pertain. We may, over time, increase our investments in
protecting our creative works.

We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our Apps occurs, and if a
significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying of our Apps were to
occur, it could adversely affect our business. In addition, even if
authorized copying of our Apps occurs, third-party platforms may not remove
infringing material. We also cannot be certain that existing intellectual
property laws will provide adequate protection for our products in
connection with emerging technologies. Litigation may be necessary to
enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or
determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others.
Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result
in substantial costs, adverse publicity, and diversion of management and
technical resources. If we fail to maintain, protect, and enhance our
intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected.

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes,
which are costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages
and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.

From time to time, we have faced, and we may face in the future, allegations
that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other
intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our
competitors, non-practicing entities and former employers of our personnel.
Intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the
results are difficult to predict. As the result of any court judgment or
settlement, we may be obligated to alter our Software Platform or Apps, in a
particular geographic region or worldwide, pay royalties or significant
settlement costs, purchase licenses, or develop substitutes.
                                     37                                     
Table of Content s

In certain of our agreements, we also indemnify our licensees and other
business partners. We may incur significant expenses defending these
business partners if they are sued for intellectual property infringement
based on allegations related to our technology. If a business partner were
to lose a lawsuit and in turn seek indemnification from us, we also could be
subject to significant monetary liabilities. In addition, because our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps often involve the use of third-
party technology, this increases our exposure to litigation in circumstances
where there is a claim of infringement asserted against one of our mobile
games or other products and services in question, even if the claim does not
pertain to our technology.

Many of our products and services contain open source software, and we
license some of our software through open source projects, which may pose
particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a
manner that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We use open source software in our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and
Apps and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. In
addition, we contribute software source code to open source projects under
open source licenses or release internal software projects under open source
licenses, and anticipate continuing to do so in the future. The terms of
many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted
by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software
licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated
conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our
products or services. Additionally, under some open source licenses, if we
combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain
manner, third parties may claim ownership of, a license to, or demand
release of, the open source software or derivative works that we developed
using such software, which could include our proprietary source code. Such
third parties may also seek to enforce the terms of the applicable open
source license through litigation which, if successful, could require us to
make our proprietary software source code freely available, purchase a
costly license, or cease offering the implicated products or services unless
and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering
process could require significant additional research and development
resources, and we may not be able to complete it successfully. In addition
to risks related to open source license requirements, use of certain open
source software may pose greater risks than use of third-party commercial
software, since open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or
controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to
eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property may
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our
costs.

While most of the intellectual property we use in our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, and Apps is created by us, from time to time, we also
acquire rights to third-party intellectual property. Proprietary licenses
may limit our use of intellectual property to specific uses and for specific
time periods, require time and attention of licensors in providing guidance
and related approvals, and include other contractual obligations with which
we must comply. Additionally, competition for these licenses is intense and
often results in increased advances, minimum payment guarantees, and
royalties to the licensor, and as such we may be unable to identify suitable
licensing targets or complete licensing arrangements. If we are unable to
obtain and remain in compliance with the terms of these licenses or obtain
additional licenses on reasonable economic terms, our business and results
of operations could be adversely affected. Further, if the mix of IAPs
shifts toward mobile games in which we use licensed intellectual property or
if we develop additional Apps that require licensing of third-party
intellectual property, our overall margins may be reduced due to royalty
obligations.

In addition, many of our Apps are built on proprietary source code of third
parties, such as Unity Software. Unity Software offers certain solutions
that may compete with our offerings. If we are unable to renew licenses to
proprietary source code underlying our mobile games, or the terms and
conditions of these licenses change at the time of renewal, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We rely on third parties, including Unity Software, to maintain versions of
their proprietary engines that allow us to distribute our mobile games on
multiple platforms. If a third party from whom we license source code
discontinues support for one or more of these platforms, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
                                                                            
  Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters                         
                                                                            
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and
accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be
impaired.

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the
applicable Nasdaq listing standards. We expect that the requirements of
these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting,
and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-
consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel,
systems, and resources.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain
effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be
disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our principal executive and financial officers.
                                     38                                     
Table of Content s

In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we
have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant
resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management
oversight. If any of these new or improved controls and systems do not
perform as expected, we may experience deficiencies in our controls.

Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, to the
extent we acquire other businesses, the acquired company may not have a
sufficiently robust system of controls and we may discover deficiencies. Any
failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties
encountered in their implementation or improvement could adversely affect
our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for
prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of
periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public
accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be
required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC.
Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our
reported financial and other information, which would likely cause the
market price of our Class A common stock to decline. In addition, if we are
unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain
listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Prior to our initial public
offering, we were not required to comply with the SEC rules that implement
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and were therefore not required to
make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting for that purpose. As a public company, we are required
to provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting and our independent registered public
accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public
accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not
satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial
reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain
effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations and could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to
decline.

We rely on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our key metrics
and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics could adversely affect
our reputation and our business.

Certain of the metrics that we disclose are calculated using internal
company data that has not been independently verified or data from third-
party attribution partners. While these metrics and figures are based on
what we believe to be reasonable calculations for the applicable period of
measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring these metrics and
figures across our worldwide client base and user base. We regularly review
and may adjust our processes for calculating our metrics and other figures
to improve their accuracy, but these efforts may not prove successful and we
may discover material inaccuracies. In addition, our methodology for
calculating these metrics may be updated from time to time and may differ
from the methodology used by other companies to calculate similar metrics
and figures. We may also discover unexpected errors in the data that we are
using that resulted from technical or other errors. If we determine that any
of our metrics or figures are not accurate, we may be required to revise or
cease reporting such metrics or figures. Any real or perceived inaccuracies
in our metrics and other figures could harm our reputation and adversely
affect our business.

We have adopted a two-segment reporting structure. Our two-segments are
designated as our Software Platform and Apps and have been in effect for a
limited period of time. This change to segment reporting could be confusing
to investors and may not have the desired effects.

Beginning with the quarter ended June 30, 2022, we began reporting as two
separate segments. We have provided disclosures about our new segment
reporting structure, but there is no guarantee that investors or the market
will understand this change to our financial reporting. There is also no
guarantee that this change will have the desired effect. Failure of
investors or analysts to understand our revised segment reporting structure
may negatively affect their ability to understand our business and operating
results which could adversely affect our stock price.

As a result of our portfolio review, we determined to focus on two separate
segments, our Software Platform and our Apps. Management has been focused on
our plan to reduce our operating costs and the development of our
restructuring plan into two segments. These changes and our diversified
operations have placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on
our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. For
example, our portfolio review and cost reduction activities, among other
activities, have placed and will continue to place significant demands on
our management team. Managing these changes has required, and may continue
to require, significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management
resources. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our
organization as it changes, our business, financial condition and results of
operations would be adversely impacted.

In addition, we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting segment level
and consider the difference between the fair value of a reporting segment
and its’ carrying value, when determining whether any impairment exists. In
connection with our portfolio review and the subsequent restructuring to a
two-segment reporting company, there can be no assurance that the change to
our segment reporting structure will not result in impairment charges in
future periods.
                                     39                                     
Table of Content s

We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our
goodwill becomes impaired.

We are required under GAAP to review our goodwill for impairment at least
annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate
the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a
change in circumstances, indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our
goodwill continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in the
market price of our Class A common stock and our market capitalization,
slower growth rates in our industry, underperformance of certain assets, or
other materially adverse events. We may be required to record a significant
charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which
any impairment of our goodwill is determined.

We have substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities
and our obligations thereunder may limit our operational flexibility or
otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are party to a credit agreement that provides for senior secured credit
consisting of term loans and a revolving credit facility, with varying
maturity dates through 2028. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate
principal amount of our outstanding indebtedness under our credit facilities
was $3.25 billion. There can be no assurance that we will be able to repay
this indebtedness when due, or that we will be able to refinance this
indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all.

Our indebtedness could adversely impact us. For example, these obligations
could among other things:

• make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;

• increase our cost of borrowing;

• make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary future
financing for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions
and partnerships, debt service requirements, or other purposes;

• restrict us from making strategic acquisitions and partnerships or cause
us to make divestitures or similar transactions;

• adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse effect on
our financial condition upon repayment of the indebtedness;

• require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from
operations to service and repay the indebtedness, reducing the amount of
cash flow available for other purposes;

• increase our vulnerability to adverse and economic conditions;

• increase our exposure to interest rate risk from variable rate
indebtedness;

• place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged
competitors; and

• limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our
business.

In addition, from time to time we have entered into interest rate swap
instruments to limit our exposure to changes in variable interest rates.
While our hedging strategy is designed to minimize the impact of increases
in interest rates applicable to our variable rate debt, including our credit
facility, there can be no guarantee that our hedging strategy will be
effective, and we may experience credit-related losses in some
circumstances.

Our credit agreement also imposes restrictions on us and requires us to
maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to comply with
these covenants may be affected by market, economic, financial, competitive,
legislative, and regulatory factors, as well as other factors that are
beyond our control. A breach of any of the covenants in the credit agreement
governing our credit facilities could result in an event of default, which,
if not cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness and
an increase in the interest rates applicable to such indebtedness, and may
result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt we may incur
in the future to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision
applies. In addition, we have granted a security interest in a significant
portion of our assets to secure our obligations under our credit facility.
During the existence of an event of default under our credit agreement, the
applicable lenders could exercise their rights and remedies thereunder,
including by way of initiating foreclosure proceedings against any assets
constituting collateral for our obligations under the credit facility. The
acceleration of the indebtedness under our credit agreement or under any
other indebtedness could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.
                                     40                                     
Table of Content s

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant
debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt
obligations depends on our financial condition and results of operations,
which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to
certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors
beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows
from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal,
premium, if any, or interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and
capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we
may be forced to reduce or delay strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
capital expenditures, and payments on account of other obligations, seek
additional capital, restructure or refinance our indebtedness, or sell
assets. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit
us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to
restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the
capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of
our debt could be at higher interest rates and could require us to comply
with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business
operations. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to
refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at
all.

If we are unable to repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness when due,
or if any other event of default is not cured or waived, the applicable
lenders could accelerate our outstanding obligations or proceed against the
collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which could force us
into bankruptcy or liquidation. In the event the applicable lenders
accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not
have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Any acceleration of
amounts due under the agreements governing our credit facility or the
exercise by the applicable lenders of their rights under the security
documents could have a material and adverse effect on our business.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and
support business growth, and this capital may not be available on acceptable
terms or at all.

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support our
business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business
challenges, including the need to continue to develop our Core Technology
and Software Platform, enhance our existing Apps and develop new Apps and
features, improve our operating infrastructure, or enter into strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity,
equity-linked, or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise
additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt
securities, our existing stockholders could experience significant dilution,
and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and
privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any
debt financing that we secure in the future could involve offering
additional security interests and undertaking restrictive covenants relating
to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational
matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional
capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential
acquisitions. Our credit agreement, which provides for a term loan and
revolving credit facility, contains financial covenants with which we must
comply. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable
to us, if at all. Additionally, if we seek to access additional capital or
increase our borrowing, there can be no assurance that financing and credit
may be available on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain
adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require
it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to
business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business,
financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected.
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and Governance
The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting Agreement among
the Voting Agreement Parties have the effect of concentrating voting power
with the Voting Agreement Parties, which will limit your ability to
influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval,
including the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments
to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any
merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or
other major corporate transactions.

We have three classes of common stock. Our Class A common stock has one vote
per share, our Class B common stock has 20 votes per share, and our Class C
common stock has no voting rights, except as otherwise required by law. Adam
Foroughi, our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, our President
and Chief Financial Officer, and a member of our board of directors; and KKR
Denali Holdings L.P. (collectively with certain affiliates, the "Voting
Agreement Parties") together hold all of the issued and outstanding shares
of our Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the Voting Agreement
Parties collectively held approximately 82% of the voting power of our
outstanding capital stock in the aggregate. This voting power includes
shares of Class A common stock deemed beneficially owned in accordance with
Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the Exchange Act. The Voting Agreement Parties have
entered into a voting agreement (the "Voting Agreement") whereby all Class B
common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their respective
permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by
two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (one of which
must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Voting Agreement Parties will
collectively be able to determine or significantly influence any action
requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our
board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation,
sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate
transaction. The Voting Agreement Parties may have interests that differ
from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree, and which may be
adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of
delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control of our company, could
deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their
capital stock as part of a sale of our company, and might ultimately affect
the market price of our Class A common stock.
                                     41                                     
Table of Content s

Future transfers by the holders of Class B common stock will generally
result in those shares automatically converting into shares of Class A
common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers
effected for estate planning, transfers among affiliates, of KKR Denali
Holdings L.P., or other transfers among the Voting Agreement Parties. In
addition, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into
one share of Class A common stock upon certain events specified in our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

In addition, because our Class C common stock carries no voting rights
(except as otherwise required by law), if we issue Class C common stock in
the future, the holders of Class B common stock may be able to elect all of
our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a
vote of our stockholders for a longer period of time than would be the case
if we issued Class A common stock rather than Class C common stock in such
transactions.

We are considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, and, as a result, we qualify for, and
currently rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements.

As a result of our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting
Agreement among the Voting Agreement Parties, the Voting Agreement Parties
collectively hold greater than a majority of the voting power of our
outstanding capital stock and the Voting Agreement Parties have the
authority to vote the shares of all Class B common stock, subject to the
terms of the Voting Agreement, at their discretion on all matters to be
voted upon by stockholders. Therefore, we are considered a “controlled
company” as that term is set forth in the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. Under these corporate governance requirements, a company in
which over 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by
an individual, a group, or another company is a “controlled company” and may
elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements,
including:

• the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist of
independent directors;

• the requirement that we have a nominating/corporate governance committee
that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter
addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities;

• the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is comprised
entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the
committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and

• the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and
corporate governance and compensation committees.

We currently utilize, and intend to continue to utilize, certain of these
exemptions. As a result, our compensation committee does not consist
entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, you will not have the same
protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of
the corporate governance requirements. In the event that we cease to be a
“controlled company” and our Class A common stock continues to be listed on
Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with these provisions within the
applicable transaction periods.
We cannot predict the effect our multi-class structure may have on the
market price of our Class A common stock.
We cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower
or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock, in adverse
publicity, or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index
providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multi-
class share structures in certain of their indices. Under such announced
policies, the multi-class structure of our common stock would make us
ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual funds,
exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to track
those indices would not invest in our Class A common stock. Given the
sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to
track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock indices would likely
preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A common
stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of
our Class A common stock could be adversely affected.

The market price of our Class A common stock could be volatile, and you
could lose all or part of your investment.

The market price of our Class A common stock has, and may continue to,
fluctuate substantially depending on a number of factors, including those
described in this “Risk Factors” section, many of which are beyond our
control and may not be related to our operating performance. These
fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our
Class A common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market
price of our Class A common stock include the following:

• price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to
time, including fluctuations due to general economic uncertainty or negative
market sentiment;

• volatility in the market and trading volumes of technology stocks;

• changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other
technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular;

• sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our stockholders;

• rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our
industry;

• failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in
financial estimates by securities analysts who follow our company, or our
failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;
                                     42                                     
Table of Content s

• actual or perceived significant data breaches involving our Core
Technologies, Software Platform or Apps;

• the financial or non-financial metric projections we may provide to the
public, any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those
projections;

• third-party data published about us or other mobile gaming companies,
whether or not such data accurately reflects actual levels of usage;

• announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services;

• the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements,
and filings with the SEC;

• fluctuations in the trading volume of shares of our Class A common stock
or the size of our public float;

• short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative
securities;

• actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of
operations;

• actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors’
businesses, or the competitive landscape generally;

• our issuance or repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock;

• litigation or regulatory action involving us, our industry or both, or
investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our
competitors;

• developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other
proprietary rights;

• announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or
our competitors;

• new laws, regulations or app store policies or new interpretations of
existing laws, regulations or app store policies applicable to our business;

• changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or
principles;

• major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets;

• any significant change in our management; and

• general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets.

In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in
general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the market price of our
Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. The market price of our Class
A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other
companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity of any trading market,
your ability to sell your shares of our Class A common stock when desired,
or the prices that you may obtain for your shares of our Class A common
stock.

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been
brought against that company. If the market price of our Class A common
stock is volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation.
Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our
management’s attention and resources from our business. Such litigation
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We may not realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of our share
repurchase programs and any failure to repurchase our Class A common stock
after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our
stock price.

In February 2022, we announced that our board of directors authorized the
repurchase of up to $750.0 million of our Class A common stock over time.
Under this or any other future share repurchase programs, we may make share
repurchases through a variety of methods, including open share market
purchases, block transactions or privately negotiated transactions, in
accordance with applicable federal securities laws. Our share repurchase
program has no time limit, does not obligate us to repurchase any specific
number of shares and may be suspended at any time at our discretion and
without prior notice. The timing and amount of any repurchases, if any, will
be subject to liquidity, stock price, market and economic conditions,
compliance with applicable legal requirements such as Delaware surplus and
solvency tests, compliance with our credit agreement, and other relevant
factors. Any failure to repurchase stock after we have announced our
intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor
confidence in us and may negatively impact our stock price.

The existence of this share repurchase program could cause our stock price
to be higher than it otherwise would be and could potentially reduce the
market liquidity for our stock. Although this program is intended to enhance
long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance it will do so because the
market price of our Class A common stock may decline below the levels at
which we repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could
reduce the effectiveness of the program.

Repurchasing our Class A common stock will reduce the amount of cash we have
available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic
acquisitions or business opportunities, and other general corporate
requirements, and we may fail to realize the anticipated long-term
stockholder value of any share repurchase programs.
                                     43                                     
Table of Content s

Future sales of our Class A common stock could depress the market price of
our Class A common stock.

The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of
sales of a large number of shares of our Class A common stock in the market,
and the perception that these sales could occur may also depress the market
price of our Class A common stock.

Certain stockholders are entitled, under our investors' rights agreement, to
certain demand registration rights. In addition, we filed a registration
statement to register shares reserved for future issuance under our equity
compensation plans and a registration statement to register shares of Class
A common stock issued pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan for resale.
As a result, subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods, the
registered shares, including those issued upon exercise of outstanding stock
options, will be available for immediate resale in the United States in the
open market.

Sales of our Class A common stock as restrictions end or pursuant to
registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell equity
securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.
These sales also could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to
fall and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Class A common
stock.
The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise will
dilute all other stockholders.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue
up to 1,500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, up to 150,000,000 shares
of Class C common stock, and up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock
with such rights and preferences as may be determined by our board of
directors. Subject to compliance with applicable rules and regulations, we
may issue shares of Class A common stock or securities convertible into
shares of our Class A common stock from time to time in connection with a
financing, acquisition, investment, our equity incentive plans, or
otherwise. For example, in connection with our acquisition of Adjust in
April 2021, we issued convertible securities that converted into an
aggregate of 6,320,688 shares of our Class A common stock. Any such issuance
could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause
the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Our multi-class stock structure, the Voting Agreement, and other provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest
difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our
company more difficult, including the following:

• our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement, which
provide the Voting Agreement Parties with the ability to determine or
significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder
approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares
of our outstanding common stock;

• vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by our board of
directors and not by stockholders;

• a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by a majority of
our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief
Executive Officer, or our President;

• advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates
for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of
stockholders;

• our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for
cumulative voting;

• our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes
undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and
shares of which may be issued by our board of directors, without further
action by our stockholders;

• after the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B common
stock represent less than a majority of the total combined voting power of
our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock (the "Voting Threshold
Date"), our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of
stockholders and will not be able to take action by written consent for any
matter; and

• certain litigation against us may only be brought in Delaware.

These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a
transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take
other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain
circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a
premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect
the market price of our Class A common stock.
                                     44                                     
Table of Content s

Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court located
within the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United
States as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and
our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or
employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or
proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of
breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other
employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to
any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws,
or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal
affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
(or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal
district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the
court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants,
and provided that this exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits
brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act.

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal
and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both
state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To
prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat
of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other
considerations, our amended and restated bylaws also provide that the
federal district courts of the United States of America will be the
exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action
arising under the Securities Act. However, while the Delaware Supreme Court
ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to
require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are
“facially valid” under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether
other courts will enforce our federal forum provision. If the federal forum
provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning
(or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall
be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions.
Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing
increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal
securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the
exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a
claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our
directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits with respect to such claims against us and our current and former
directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees. Our stockholders will
not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum
provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum
provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be unenforceable
or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with
resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results
of operations.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                                      │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 2. Properties                                                      │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our corporate headquarters is in Palo Alto, California, where we currently
lease approximately 72,812 square feet under a lease agreement that expires
in May 2028. We also lease and license additional facilities in the United
States in Palo Alto, San Francisco, Santa Monica, California; Las Vegas,
Nevada; Secaucus, New Jersey; and Richardson, Texas; and internationally in
Toronto, Canada; Beijing, Hangzhou and Shanghai, China; Limassol, Cyprus;
London, England; Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Jakarta, Indonesia; Dublin,
Ireland; Herzliya, Israel; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, South Korea; Singapore;
Madrid, Spain; Bangkok, Thailand; Istanbul, Turkey; Dubai, United Arab
Emirates; and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current needs.
However, we intend to expand our facilities and add new facilities as we add
employees and enter new geographic markets, and we believe that suitable
additional or alternative space will be available as needed to accommodate
any such growth. We expect to incur additional expenses in connection with
such new or expanded facilities.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                               │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that
arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as governmental and other
regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, third parties may
from time to time assert claims against us in the form of letters and other
communications. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that,
if determined adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and
our business partners and to determine the scope, enforceability, and
validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary
rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted
with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an
adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of
management resources, and other factors.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
                                     45                                     
Table of Content s
╔═ § ══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                          ║
║                                 Part II                                  ║
║                                                                          ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder      │
│  Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                       │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                            
  Market Information for Common Stock                                       
                                                                            
Our Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under
the symbol “APP.” Our Class B and Class C common stock are neither listed
nor traded.
                                                                            
  Holders of Record                                                         
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 117 stockholders of record
of our Class A common stock, 10 stockholders of records of our Class B
common stock and no holders of record of our Class C common stock. Because
many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other
institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total
number of stockholders represented by these record holders. All shares of
Class B common stock are beneficially held by Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen,
and KKR Denali Holdings L.P., collectively with certain affiliated trusts.
                                                                            
  Dividend Policy                                                           
                                                                            
We have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
                                                                            
  Stock Performance Graph                                                   
                                                                            
This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be
“filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the
liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated
by reference into any filing of AppLovin Corporation under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").

The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our
Class A common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard &
Poor's 500 Stock Index ("S&P 500") and the S&P 500 Information Technology
Index ("S&P IT") through December 31, 2022. The graph assumes $100 was
invested at the market close on April 15, 2021, which was the first day our
Class A common stock began trading. Data for the S&P 500 and S&P IT assumes
reinvestment of dividends. The offering price of our Class A common stock in
our initial public offering on April 15, 2021 was $80.00 per share. The
graph uses the closing market price on April 15, 2021 of $65.20 per share as
the initial value of our Class A common stock.

The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are
not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Class
A common stock.
                                     46                                     
Table of Content s
Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
                                                                            
  Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities                                    
                                                                            
During the three months ended December 31, 2022 , we issued RSUs covering
36,416 shares of our Class A common stock under our 2021 Partner Studio
Incentive Plan. During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we issue d
61,481 shares o f our Class A common stock upon the vesting of RSUs under
our 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan.

The foregoing transactions did not involve any underwriters, any
underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We believe
the offer, sale, and issuance of the above securities was exempt from
registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act,
because the issuance of securities to the recipients did not involve a
public offering. The recipients of the securities in the transaction
represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only
and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution
thereof, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates
issued in the transaction. All recipients had adequate access, through their
relationships with us or otherwise, to information about us. The issuance of
these securities was made without any general solicitation or advertising.
                                                                            
  Use of Proceeds                                                           
                                                                            
None.
                                                                            
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                                     
                                                                            
None.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 6. [Reserved]                                                      │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                     47                                     
Table of Content s
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION     │
│  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                               │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include those identified below and those discussed in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and other parts of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for any period in the future.
                                                                            
  Overview                                                                  
                                                                            
Our mission is to help companies grow their apps and accelerate their
business. Our full stack software solution provides advanced tools for
mobile app developers to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing
the marketing and monetization of their apps. We also operate a portfolio of
owned mobile apps and accelerated our market penetration through an active
acquisition and partnership strategy. Our scaled business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong growth.

Since our founding in 2011, we have been focused on building a software-
based platform for mobile app developers to improve the marketing and
monetization of their apps. Our founders, who are mobile app developers
themselves, quickly realized the real impediment to success and growth in
the mobile app ecosystem was a discovery and monetization problem—breaking
through the congested app stores to efficiently find users and successfully
grow their business. Their first-hand experience with these developer
challenges led to the development of our infrastructure and
software—AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software Platform. We
capitalized on our success and understanding of the mobile app ecosystem by
launching AppLovin Apps in 2018. Our Apps now consist of a globally
diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-play mobile games across five
genres, run by eleven studios.

For 2022, our revenue grew 1% year-over-year from 2021, from $2.79 billion
in 2021 to $2.82 billion in 2022. For 2021, our revenue grew 92% year-over-
year from 2020, from $1.45 billion in 2020 to $2.79 billion in 2021. We
generated a net loss of $192.9 million in 2022, net income of $35.3 million
in 2021, and a net loss of $125.9 million in 2020. We generated Adjusted
EBITDA of $1.1 billion, $726.8 million, and $345.5 million in 2022, 2021 and
2020, respectively. Additionally, we have generated strong cash flows, with
net cash provided by operating activities of $412.8 million, $361.9 million,
and $222.9 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Given our strong
financial position, we have been able to reinvest in our expansion and
growth and consummate strategic acquisitions and partnerships. See the
section titled “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for a definition of Adjusted
EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the
most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with
GAAP.

In February 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase
program to repurchase $750.0 million of our Class A common stock over time.
We will continuously evaluate efficient alternatives to using cash on hand
to fund the program, including accessing the capital markets, subject to
market conditions.
                                                                            
  Our Business Model                                                        
                                                                            
We collect revenue from our Software Platform and our Apps. In 2022,
Software Platform Revenue represented 37% of total revenue and Apps Revenue
represented 63% of total revenue.

In the second quarter of 2022, we revised the presentation of segment
information to align with changes to how our chief operating decision maker
(“CODM”), the Chief Executive Officer, allocates resources and assesses
performance. Effective in May 2022, we report our operating results through
two reportable segments: Software Platform and Apps. Previously we had a
single operating and reportable segment.

The CODM evaluates performance of each segment based on several factors, of
which the financial measures are segment revenue and segment adjusted
EBITDA, as defined in Note 14 to the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

The Software Platform and Apps segments provide a view into the organization
of our business and generate revenue as follows:
                                                                            
  Software Platform Revenue                                                 
                                                                            
We primarily generate Software Platform Revenue from fees paid by mobile app
advertisers who use our Software Platform to grow and monetize their apps.
We are able to grow our Software Platform Revenue by improving our various
software technologies.

Software Platform clients include a wide variety of advertisers, from indie
developer studios to some of the largest global internet platforms, such as
Facebook and Google. While we have thousands of clients as of December 31,
2022, the vast majority of our revenue is derived from our Software Platform
Enterprise Clients. See “Key Metrics” below for additional information on
how we calculate Software Platform Enterprise Clients. We see multiple
opportunities to gain new Software Platform clients, and to increase spend
from existing clients, as we help them grow their businesses and make them
more successful.

Our Software Platform includes AppDiscovery, MAX, Adjust, and Wurl.
                                     48                                     
Table of Content s

Clients use AppDiscovery to automate, optimize, and manage their user
acquisition investments. They set marketing and user growth goals, and
AppDiscovery optimizes their ad spend in an effort to achieve their return
on advertising spend targets and other marketing objectives. AppDiscovery
comprises the vast majority of revenue from our Software Platform. Revenue
is generated from our advertisers, typically on a performance-basis, and
shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a cost per impression
model. Our Software Platform Enterprise Clients had a Net Dollar-Based
Retention Rate of approximately 134% for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022. 1

Software Platform clients use MAX to optimize purchases of app advertising
inventory. The Compass Analytics tool within MAX provides insights to manage
against key performance indicators, understand the long-term value of users,
and help manage profitability. Revenue from MAX is generated based on a
percentage of client spend. As more developers move to in-app bidding
monetization, we expect growth in the adoption of, and revenue from, MAX.

Software Platform clients use Adjust's SaaS mobile marketing platform to
better understand their users' journey while allowing marketers to make
smarter decisions through measurement, attribution and fraud prevention.
Revenue from Adjust is primarily generated from an annual software
subscription fee.

Software Platform clients use Wurl's CTV platform to distribute streaming
video, maximize advertising revenue, and acquire and retain viewers or
subscribers. Revenue from Wurl is primarily generated from content
companies, typically on a usage-based model.
                                                                            
  Apps Revenue                                                              
                                                                            
During the fourth quarter of 2022, we changed the terms used to describe our
two Apps segment revenue streams to better align with market terminology. We
now refer to our Apps "Business" revenue as "In-App Advertising" and
"Consumer" revenue as "In-App Purchases." Apps Revenue is generated when a
user of one of our Apps makes an in-app purchase ("IAP") and when clients
purchase the digital advertising inventory of our portfolio of Apps ("In-App
Advertising" or "IAA"). We are able to grow our Apps Revenue by adding more
apps to our Apps portfolio and increasing engagement on our existing Apps.

Our Apps are generally free-to-play mobile games and generate IAP Revenue
through IAPs. IAPs consist of virtual goods used to enhance gameplay,
accelerate access to certain features or levels, and augment other mobile
game progression opportunities for the user. IAPs drive more engagement and
better economics from our Apps. The vast majority of our IAP revenue flows
through two app stores, Apple App Store and Google Play, which charge us a
standard commission on IAPs. IAP Revenue represented 67% of total Apps
Revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022.

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we had an average of 2.3
million Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs") across our portfolio of Apps. Over
that period, we had an Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer ("ARPMAP")
of $43. See “Key Metrics” below for additional information on how we
calculate MAPs and ARPMAP.

IAA clients that purchase advertising inventory from our Apps are able to
target highly relevant users from our diverse and global portfolio of over
350 mobile games. Our clients leverage a broad set of high-performing mobile
ad formats, including playable and rewarded video, and are able to match
these ads with relevant users resulting in a better return on their
advertising spend. By increasing the number of users and their engagement,
as well as better matching ads with the appropriate target audience, we are
able to increase our revenue from IAA clients that purchase advertising
inventory from our Apps. IAA Revenue represented 33% of total Apps Revenue
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022.
1 We measure Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2022 for our Software Platform Enterprise Clients as current
period revenue divided by prior period revenue. Prior period revenue is
measured as revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 from our
Software Platform Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2021. Current period
revenue is revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 from our
Software Platform Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2021.
                                                                            
  Key Metrics                                                               
                                                                            
We review the following key metrics on a regular basis in order to evaluate
the health of our business, identify trends affecting our performance,
prepare financial projections, and make strategic decisions.
                                                                            
  Update to our Key Metrics                                                 
                                                                            
As our Software Platform, which includes AppDiscovery, MAX, AppLovin
Exchange, Adjust and Wurl, continues to evolve, we continue to evaluate
metrics that facilitate an understanding of our business. Following the
addition and integration of offerings like Adjust and Wurl, as well as the
future launch of our Array OEM/carrier offering, the revenue mix within our
Software Platform segment is shifting and we expect this shift will become
more pronounced over time as these businesses grow. Given the structural
differences in these businesses—in terms of their revenue models as well as
the nature of their clients—we believe our current key metrics for the
Software Platform will no longer provide a valuable method to understand
fluctuations in the performance of our Software Platform revenue. As a
result, beginning in first quarter of 2023, we will no longer provide
certain key metrics related to our Software Platform segment including Total
Software Transaction Value, Software Platform Enterprise Clients and Revenue
per Software Platform Enterprise Client.

Software Platform Enterprise Clients ("SPECs"). We focus on the number of
SPECs, which are third-party clients from whom we have collected greater
than $125,000 of Software Platform Revenue in the trailing twelve months to
a given date. SPECs generate the vast majority of our Software Platform
Revenue and Software Platform Revenue growth.
                                     49                                     
Table of Content s

Revenue Per Software Platform Enterprise Client ("Revenue per SPEC"). We
define Revenue per SPEC as (i) the total revenue derived from our Software
Platform Enterprise Clients in the trailing twelve months to a given period,
divided by (ii) Software Platform Enterprise Clients as of the end of that
same period. Revenue per SPEC shows how efficiently we are monetizing each
SPEC. We expect to increase Revenue per SPEC over time as we enhance our
Software Platform and Apps.

The following table shows our SPEC and Revenue per SPEC as of December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020.
                                                                            
                               Twelve Months Ended                          
                                      December 31,                          
                                              2022        2021        2020  
  SPEC (trailing twelve                        566         380         142  
  months)                                                                   
  Revenue per SPEC                                                          
  (trailing twelve          $                1,907    $  1,634    $  1,404  
  months) (in thousands)                                                    
                                                                            
Total Software Transaction Value ("TSTV"). Software Platform Revenue is from
third-party clients using our Software Platform to find new customers. We do
not recognize revenue from our own spend on our Software Platform.
Therefore, we use TSTV to measure the scale and growth rates of our Software
Platform as it reflects the total value on our Software Platform including
our first-party studios as though they were stand-alone businesses.

The following table shows our TSTV for the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020.
                                                                            
                                    Year Ended                              
                                  December 31,                              
                                          2022          2021          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Total Software                                                            
  Transaction Value (in        $     1,222,160    $  982,248    $  295,698  
  thousands)                                                                
                                                                            
Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs"). We define a MAP as a unique mobile device
active on one of our Apps in a month that completed at least one IAP during
that time period. A consumer who makes IAPs within two separate Apps on the
same mobile device in a monthly period will be counted as two MAPs. MAPs for
a particular time period longer than one month are the average MAPs for each
month during that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating
certain data from third-party attribution partners. Some of our Apps do not
utilize such third-party attribution partners, and therefore our MAPs figure
for any period does not capture every user that completed an IAP on our
Apps. We estimate that our counted MAPs generated approximately 98% of our
IAP Revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022, and as such, management
believes that MAPs are still a useful metric to measure the engagement and
monetization potential of our games.

Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer ("ARPMAP"). We define ARPMAP as (i)
the total IAP Revenue derived from our Apps in a monthly period, divided by
(ii) MAPs in that same period. ARPMAP for a particular time period longer
than one month is the average ARPMAP for each month during that period.
ARPMAP shows how efficiently we are monetizing each MAP.

The following table shows our Monthly Active Payers and Average Revenue Per
Monthly Active Payer for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
                                                                            
                                          Year Ended                        
                                        December 31,                        
                                                2022       2021       2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Monthly Active Payers                          2.3        3.0        1.5  
  (millions)                                                                
  Average Revenue Per Monthly        $            43    $    43    $    41  
  Active Payer                                                              
                                                                            
Our key metrics are not based on any standardized industry methodology and
are not necessarily calculated in the same manner or comparable to similarly
titled measures presented by other companies. Similarly, our key metrics may
differ from estimates published by third parties or from similarly titled
metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. The numbers
that we use to calculate TSTV, MAP, and ARPMAP are based on internal data.
While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable judgments
and estimates for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent
challenges in measuring usage and engagement. We regularly review and may
adjust our processes for calculating our internal metrics to improve their
accuracy.
                                                                            
  Non-GAAP Financial Metrics                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                
                                                                            
We define Adjusted EBITDA for a particular period as net income (loss)
before interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, other (income)
expense, net (excluding certain recurring items), provision for (benefit
from) income taxes, amortization, depreciation and write-offs and as further
adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related expense
and transaction bonus, publisher bonuses, MoPub acquisition transition
services, restructuring costs, impairment and loss on disposal, loss (gain)
on extinguishments of acquisition related contingent consideration, non-
operating foreign exchange (gain) losses, lease modification and abandonment
of leasehold improvements, and change in the fair value of contingent
consideration. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided
by revenue for the same period.
                                     50                                     
Table of Content s

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are key measures we use to assess
our financial performance and are also used for internal planning and
forecasting purposes. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
are helpful to investors, analysts, and other interested parties because
they can assist in providing a more consistent and comparable overview of
our operations across our historical financial periods. In addition, these
measures are frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested
parties to evaluate and assess performance. We use Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our
overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of our
annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the
effectiveness of our business strategies, and to communicate with our board
of directors concerning our financial performance.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures
and are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should
not be considered as alternatives or substitutes to financial information
presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures have certain limitations
in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are
reflected in our consolidated statement of operations that are necessary to
run our business. Our definitions may differ from the definitions used by
other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition,
other companies may not publish these or similar metrics. Thus, our Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should be considered in addition to, not
as substitutes for, or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance
with GAAP.

The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
for 2022, 2021, and 2020, and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to
Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                            
                   Year Ended                                               
                   December                                                 
                   31,               2022            2021             2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   -in                                                      
                   thousands,                                               
                   except                                                   
                   percentages                                              
  Net income    $                -192,947    $     35,338    $    -125,934  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Adjusted                                                                  
  as                                                                        
  follows:                                                                  
  Interest                                                                  
  expense                                                                   
  and loss                        171,863         103,170           77,873  
  on                                                                        
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other                                                                     
  (income),                       -18,647          -7,545           -6,183  
  net1                                                                      
  Provision                                                                 
  for                                                                       
  (benefit                        -12,230          10,973           -9,772  
  from)                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Amortizat…                                                                
  depreciat…                      547,084         431,063          254,951  
  and                                                                       
  write-offs                                                                
  Impairment                                                                
  and loss                                                                  
  in                                                                        
  connection                      127,892               —                —  
  with                                                                      
  sale of                                                                   
  long-lived                                                                
  assets                                                                    
  Non-opera…                                                                
  foreign                                                                   
  exchange                           -164          -1,537            1,210  
  (gain)                                                                    
  loss                                                                      
  Stock-bas…                      191,612         135,468           62,387  
  compensat…                                                                
  Acquisiti…                                                                
  expense                                                                   
  and                              21,279          16,887            7,850  
  transacti…                                                                
  bonus                                                                     
  Publisher                       209,635           3,227                —  
  bonuses3                                                                  
  MoPub                                                                     
  acquisiti…                        6,999               —                —  
  transition                                                                
  services4                                                                 
  Loss on                                                                   
  extinguis…                                                                
  of                                                                        
  acquisiti…                            —               —           74,820  
  related                                                                   
  contingent                                                                
  considera…                                                                
  Lease                                                                     
  modificat…                                                                
  and                                                                       
  abandonme…                            —               —            7,851  
  of                                                                        
  leasehold                                                                 
  improveme…                                                                
  Restructu…                       10,834               —                —  
  costs                                                                     
  Change in                                                                 
  the fair                                                                  
  value of                              —            -230              442  
  contingent                                                                
  considera…                                                                
  Adjusted      $               1,063,210    $    726,814    $     345,495  
  EBITDA                                                                    
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                           (6.8)%            1.3%           (8.7)%  
  margin                                                                    
  Adjusted                                                                  
  EBITDA                            37.7%           26.0%            23.8%  
  margin                                                                    
                                                                            
1 Excludes recurring operational foreign exchange gains and losses and
write-off investments included in Amortization, depreciation and write-offs.

2 The twelve months ended December 31, 2021 includes $2.3 million of bonus
compensation settled in stock outside of the scope of ASC 718.

3 In association with the MoPub acquisition, we incurred certain costs to
incentivize publishers to migrate to our MAX mediation solution, including
existing publishers of MoPub as well as publishers on other competitor
offerings. We have not historically incurred significant publisher migration
costs, nor do we currently intend to incur significant publisher migration
costs in the future. As such, we have removed the impact of these costs from
Adjusted EBITDA.

4 Reflects one-time transition services provided by Twitter to AppLovin.
In 2022, 2021 and 2020, our net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA included
$0.8 million, $1.8 million and $62.0 million, related to the fair value
adjustment of the deferred revenue balance assumed as a result of the
acquisitions of Adjust in 2021 and Machine Zone in 2020.
                                     51                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Free Cash Flow                                                            
                                                                            
We define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by operating activities less
purchases of property and equipment and principal payment of finance leases.
We use Free Cash Flow to help manage the health of our business, prepare
budgets and for capital allocation purposes. We believe Free Cash Flow
provides useful supplemental information to help investors understand
underlying trends in our business and our liquidity. Free cash flow has
certain limitations, including that it does not reflect our future
contractual commitments. Our definition may differ from the definitions used
by other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition,
other companies may not publish Free Cash Flow or similar metrics. Thus, our
Free Cash Flow should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for,
or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.

The following table provides our Free Cash Flow for 2022, 2021, and 2020,
and a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to Free
Cash Flow:
                                                                            
                                Year Ended                                  
                              December 31,                                  
                                      2022             2021           2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            -in thousands,                                  
                                    except                                  
                               percentages                                  
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by         $            412,773    $     361,851    $   222,883  
  operating                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Less:                                                                     
  Purchase of                                                               
  property and                        -662           -1,390         -3,241  
  equipment                                                                 
  Principal                                                                 
  payments of                      -24,083          -15,271         -9,708  
  finance leases                                                            
  Free Cash Flow      $            388,028    $     345,190    $   209,934  
  Net cash used in                                                          
  investing           $         -1,371,468    $  -1,214,930    $  -679,891  
  activities                                                                
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by                                                               
  (used in)           $           -526,848    $   3,109,546    $   377,855  
  financing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Factors Affecting Our Performance                                         
                                                                            
We believe that the future success of our business depends on many factors,
including the factors described below. While each of these factors presents
significant opportunities for our business, they also pose important
challenges that we must successfully address in order to continue to grow
profitably while maintaining strong cash flow.
                                                                            
  Continue to invest in innovation                                          
                                                                            
We have made, and intend to continue to make, significant investments in our
Core Technologies and Software Platform to enhance their effectiveness and
value proposition for our clients. We expect that these investments will
require spending on research and development, and acquisitions and
partnerships related to technology components and products. We believe
investments in our software, including our machine learning engine AXON,
AppDiscovery, Adjust, and MAX, will further improve effectiveness for
developers. Our investments will also allow us to enter new mobile app
sectors outside of gaming. While our investments in research and development
and acquisitions and partnerships may not result in revenue in the near
term, we believe these investments position us to increase our revenue over
time.
                                                                            
  Retain and grow existing clients                                          
                                                                            
We rely on existing clients for a significant portion of our revenue. As we
improve our Software Platform and Apps, we can attract additional spend from
these clients. Our clients include indie studio developers and some of the
largest mobile advertising platforms in the world. We believe there is
significant room for us to further expand our relationships with these
clients and increase their usage of our Software Platform. We have invested
in targeted sales and account-based marketing efforts, including through
Adjust’s sales and marketing teams, to identify and showcase opportunities
to clients and plan to continue to do so in the future.

In the past, our clients have generally increased their usage of our
Software Platform and Apps, and as a result, growth from existing clients
has been a primary driver of our revenue growth. We must continue to retain
our existing clients and expand their spend with us over time to continue to
grow our revenue, increase profitability and drive greater cash flow.
                                                                            
  Add new clients globally                                                  
                                                                            
Our future success depends in part on our ability to acquire new clients. We
recently increased our focus on markets outside the United States to serve
the needs of clients globally. In 2022, only 41% of our revenue from
Software Platform and IAA Revenue clients was generated from outside of the
United States. We believe that the global opportunity is significant and
will continue to expand as developers and advertisers outside the United
States adopt our Software Platform and advertise on our Apps. We also see
opportunities to acquire new clients outside of mobile gaming, as the
capabilities of our Core Technologies and Software Platform are relevant to
the broader mobile app ecosystem. We are investing in direct sales, product
development, education, and other capabilities to drive increased awareness
and adoption of our Software Platform and Apps, which investments may impact
our profitability in the near term as we seek further scale. We must
continue to acquire new clients to grow our revenue, increase profitability,
and drive greater cash flow.
                                     52                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Review of our AppLovin Apps portfolio                                     
                                                                            
Over the past several years, our Apps have been critical in providing first-
party data and audiences for our Software Platform to enable us to test,
design, and scale our technologies. Given the recent development of our
technology, the current scale of our Software Platform, and the reach of our
MAX solution, we believe we can reduce our reliance on the data from our
Apps. Therefore, we are continuing our strategic review and optimization of
our Apps portfolio and its cost structure, focusing on how best to optimize
each asset’s contribution to our overall financial performance. This review
has resulted in the divestiture or closure of certain studios, a reduction
of headcount, restructuring of earn out arrangements, and other changes to
our Apps portfolio, such as restructuring of certain assets or choosing to
make changes to optimize the cost structure of certain Apps rather than
investing in revenue growth. For example, we have reduced our user
acquisition spend for our portfolio of Apps as we increased our desired
return goals, which has led to improved App segment Adjusted EBITDA margin,
but also contributed to a decline in revenue and MAPs. While we believe we
have made substantial progress on this review, we may take similar actions
in the future. We will continue to manage our Apps portfolio for financial
return, including investing for growth through new game launches, while
remaining open to evaluating opportunities for the retention, restructure,
or sale of assets in the future. We believe that our execution of this
review, and our ability to optimize the contribution of our Apps portfolio,
will affect our revenue growth, profitability, and cash flow.

Continued execution of strategic acquisitions and partnerships

We intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions and enter into
strategic partnerships to grow our business. From the beginning of 2018
through December 31, 2022, we have invested nearly $4.0 billion in 29
strategic acquisitions and partnerships with mobile app developers and for
technologies to enhance our Software Platform including the acquisition of
MAX in 2018, Adjust in April 2021, MoPub in January 2022, and Wurl in April
2022.

While we have a strong pipeline of strategic acquisition and partnership
opportunities, we believe our future results of operations will be affected
by our ability to continue to identify and execute such transactions that
are accretive to our growth and profitability.
                                                                            
  Growth and structure of the mobile app ecosystem                          
                                                                            
Our business and results of operations will be impacted by industry factors
that drive overall performance of the mobile app ecosystem. The mobile app
ecosystem has been affected by the recent economic uncertainty, including by
advertisers more closely managing budgets and reducing overall spend, which
has resulted in slowed growth for our Software Platform in recent quarters.
We expect that any further slowing, or accelerations of our growth would
affect our business and results of operations. In addition, even if the
mobile app ecosystem continues to grow at its current rate, our ability to
position ourselves within the market will impact our business and results of
operations.

Mobile app developers, including AppLovin, rely on third-party platforms,
such as the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, among others, to
distribute games, collect payments made for IAPs, and target users with
relevant advertising. We expect this to continue for the foreseeable future.
These third-party platforms have significant market power and discretion to
set platform fees, select which apps to promote, and decide how much
consumer information to provide to advertising networks that enable our Core
Technologies and Software Platform to target users with personalized and
relevant advertising and allocate marketing campaigns in an efficient and
cost-effective manner. Any changes made in the policies of third-party
platforms could drive rapid change across the mobile app ecosystem. For
example, in April 2021, Apple started implementing its application tracking
transparency framework that, among other things, requires users' opt-in
consent for certain types of tracking. While this transparency framework has
not had a significant impact on our overall business, it may in the future,
including with respect to the effectiveness of our advertising practices
and/or our ability to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps. We rely in
part on Identifier for Advertisers ("IDFA") to provide us with data that
helps our Software Platform better market and monetize Apps. In light of the
IDFA and transparency changes, we made changes to our data collection
practices., To the extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar
offering, or if the transparency changes and any related opt-in or other
requirements result in decreases in the availability or utility of data
relating to Apps, our Software Platform may not be as effective, we may not
be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and our
revenue and results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, Apple
implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy and
data processing practices in December 2020, which has resulted in increased
compliance requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps. In
February 2022, Google announced its Privacy Sandbox initiative for Android,
expecting to restrict tracking activity and limit advertisers' ability to
collect app and user data across Android devices by the third quarter of
2023. These or any similar changes to the policies of Apple or Google may
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. To date, these data privacy changes have had some
impact on the discoverability of apps across these platforms, though they
have had a relatively muted aggregate impact on our overall results of
operations.

New tools for developers, industry standards, and platforms may emerge in
the future. We believe our focus on the mobile app ecosystem has allowed us
to understand the needs of our clients and our relentless innovation has
enabled us to quickly adapt to changes in the industry and pioneer new
solutions. We must continue to innovate and stay ahead of developments in
the mobile app ecosystem in order for our business to succeed and our
results of operations to continue to improve.
                                     53                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Current Economic Conditions and COVID-19                                  
                                                                            
We are subject to risks and uncertainties caused by global economic
conditions and events with significant macroeconomic impacts, including but
not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and
actions taken to counter inflation. Inflation, rising interest rates and
reduced consumer confidence have caused and may continue to cause our
clients to be cautious in their spending. The mobile gaming and app market
continue to be affected by cautious advertiser demand, but we believe that
demand is stabilizing when compared against the third quarter of 2022. The
full impact of these macroeconomic events and the extent to which these
macro factors may impact our business, financial condition, and results of
operations in the future remains uncertain. The risks related to our
business are further described in the section titled “Risk Factors" in Part
I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                            
  Ukraine/Russia Conflict                                                   
                                                                            
As the Russian invasion of Ukraine continues to evolve, we are closely
monitoring the current and potential impact on our business, our people, and
our clients. We have taken steps to comply with applicable domestic and
international regulatory restrictions on international trade and financial
transactions. In connection with our compliance efforts, we have identified
active clients and vendors inside Russia and Belarus that are subject to
evolving sanctions imposed by the United States and/or the European Union
and have terminated or suspended our contracts with them. Revenues
associated with clients and vendors in Russia and Belarus are not material
to our consolidated financial results, and we anticipate that the
termination of Russian and Belarus clients and vendors that are subject to
duly authorized sanctions will not have a material impact on our business or
other client relationships. Management and our Board of Directors are
monitoring the regional and global ramifications of the continuing events.
Our cybersecurity teams are continually monitoring for any attacks that
could cause disruption to our platform, systems, and networks, which could
result in security breaches or data loss, damage to our brand, or reduce
demand for our products and services.
                                                                            
  Components of Results of Operations                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
We generate Software Platform Revenue primarily from fees collected from
advertisers spending on AppDiscovery, typically on a performance basis, then
shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a cost per impression
model. Software Platform Revenue also includes fees generated based on a
percentage of client spend through MAX and subscription fees for Adjust's
SaaS mobile marketing platform.

We generate Apps Revenue from In-App Purchases made by the users within our
Apps and from In-App Advertising generated from advertisers that purchase
advertising inventory from our diverse portfolio of Apps. IAA Revenue from
our Apps was 33%, 31% and 41% of total Apps Revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively.
                                                                            
  Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses                                    
                                                                            
Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees for distribution partners, amortization of acquired
technology-related intangible assets, and expenses associated with operating
our network infrastructure. Third-party payment processing fees relate to
IAP Revenue. The fees for IAPs are processed and collected by third-party
distribution partners.

Network operating costs include bandwidth, energy, other equipment costs
related to our co-located data centers, and costs for third-party cloud
service providers. We expect our cost of revenue to increase in absolute
dollars over the long term as our business and revenue continue to grow. We
also expect our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate
period-over-period.

Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses, personnel-related expenses
for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation for employees
engaged in sales and marketing, and amortization of acquired user-related
intangible assets, marketing programs, travel, customer service costs, and
allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to grow our Software
Platform customer base and increase brand awareness. We also plan to
continue to invest in new App launches to the extent we see opportunities
for cost-effective growth. As a result, we expect sales and marketing
expenses to increase in absolute dollars over the long-term, though they may
fluctuate period-over-period in the near term as we reduce our user
acquisition spend for our portfolio of Apps. We also expect our sales and
marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period- over-
period in the near term as we invest to grow our customer base and increase
brand awareness, and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from
greater scale.

Research and development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of product development costs, including personnel-related expenses
for salaries, employee benefits, and stock- based compensation for employees
engaged in research and development, professional services costs related to
development of new apps by third parties, consulting costs, regulatory
compliance costs, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.
                                     54                                     
Table of Content s

We plan to continue to invest in research and development to continue to
enhance our Core Technologies and Software Platform, and to improve existing
games and develop new games. As a result, we expect research and development
expenses to increase in absolute dollars over the long-term, though they may
fluctuate period-over-period in the near term as we reassess in which areas
to focus our investment. We also expect our research and development
expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-period in the
near term as we invest to enhance our Core Technologies and Software
Platform and improve our existing Apps and develop new Apps, and to decrease
over the long term as we benefit from greater scale.

General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of costs incurred to support our business, including personnel-
related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in finance, accounting, legal, human
resources and administration, professional services fees for legal,
accounting, recruiting, and administrative services (including acquisition-
related expenses), insurance, travel, and allocated facilities and
information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in our general and administrative function to
support the growth of our business. In addition, we expect to incur
additional general and administrative expenses as a result of operating as a
public company, including expenses related to compliance and reporting
obligations of a public company, increased insurance and investor relations
expenses, and increased professional services fees (including acquisition-
related expenses). As a result, we expect general and administrative
expenses to increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our general and
administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-
period in the near term as we invest to support the growth of our business,
and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from greater scale.
                                                                            
  Other Income and Expenses                                                 
                                                                            
Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt. Interest expense and loss
on settlement of debt consists primarily of loss related to debt
extinguishment, interest expense associated with our outstanding debt,
including accretion of debt discount, and changes in fair value of interest
rate swap related to the stream of variable interest payments associated
with a portion of our outstanding debt.

Other income (expense), net. Other income (expense), net, includes interest
earned on our cash and cash equivalents, gains and losses related to
embedded derivatives and other financial instruments accounted for at fair
value, and foreign currency exchange gains (losses), which consist primarily
of remeasurement of transactions and monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency at the end of
the period.

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. We are subject to income taxes in
the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. These
foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates than those in the
United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign earnings may also be
taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary
depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, impacts
from acquisition restructuring, deduction benefits related to foreign-
derived intangible income, future changes in the valuation of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws. Additionally, our
effective tax rate can vary based on the amount of pre-tax income or loss.
                                     55                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Results of Operations                                                     
                                                                            
In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For a
discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The following tables summarize our consolidated statement of operations.
                                                                            
                               Years Ended                                  
                              December 31,                                  
                                      2022                                  
                            (in thousands)            2021            2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue             $          2,817,058    $  2,793,104    $  1,451,086  
  Costs and                                                                 
  expenses                                                                  
  Cost of                        1,256,065         988,095         555,578  
  revenue(1)(2)                                                             
  Sales and                        919,550       1,129,892         627,796  
  marketing(1)(2)                                                           
  Research and                     507,607         366,402         180,652  
  development(1)                                                            
  General and                      181,627         158,699          66,431  
  administrative(…                                                          
  Extinguishments                                                           
  of                                                                        
  acquisition-rel…                       —               —          74,820  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Lease                                                                     
  modification and                                                          
  abandonment of                         —               —           7,851  
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Total costs and                2,864,849       2,643,088       1,513,128  
  expenses                                                                  
  Income (loss)                    -47,791         150,016         -62,042  
  from operations                                                           
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest expense                                                          
  and loss on                     -171,863        -103,170         -77,873  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income                      14,477            -535           4,209  
  (expense), net                                                            
  Total other                     -157,386        -103,705         -73,664  
  expense                                                                   
  Income (loss)                                                             
  before income                   -205,177          46,311        -135,706  
  taxes                                                                     
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit from)                   -12,230          10,973          -9,772  
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income          $           -192,947    $     35,338    $   -125,934  
  (loss)                                                                    
                                                                            
_______

(1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
                                                                            
                                    Years Ended                             
                                   December 31,                             
                                           2022                             
                                 (in thousands)          2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue        $                6,307    $    2,335    $     982  
  Sales and marketing                    41,533        15,224       10,668  
  Research and                           94,319        63,344       36,852  
  development                                                               
  General and                            49,453        52,274       13,885  
  administrative                                                            
  Total stock-based      $              191,612    $  133,177    $  62,387  
  compensation                                                              
                                                                            
_______

(2) Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as
follows:
                                                                            
                                   Years Ended                              
                                  December 31,                              
                                          2022                              
                                (in thousands)          2021          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue       $              448,462    $  373,726    $  228,339  
  Sales and                             66,173        22,661        11,587  
  marketing                                                                 
  Total amortization                                                        
  expense related to    $              514,635    $  396,387    $  239,926  
  acquired                                                                  
  intangibles                                                               
                                                                            
                                     56                                     
Table of Content s

The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements
of operations for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue
(1) :
                                                                            
                             Years Ended December                           
                                              31,                           
                                             2022       2021       2020     
                                    -in thousands                           
  Revenue                                     100  %     100  %     100  %  
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                              45  %      35  %      38  %  
  Sales and marketing                          33  %      40  %      43  %  
  Research and                                 18  %      13  %      12  %  
  development                                                               
  General and                                   6  %       6  %       5  %  
  administrative                                                            
  Extinguishments of                                                        
  acquisition-related                           —  %       —  %       5  %  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Lease modification                                                        
  and abandonment of                            —  %       —  %       1  %  
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Total costs and                             102  %      95  %     104  %  
  expenses                                                                  
  Income (loss) from                           -2  %       5  %      -4  %  
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest expense and                                                      
  loss on settlement                           -6  %      -4  %      -5  %  
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income                                  1  %       —  %       0  %  
  (expense), net                                                            
  Total other expense                          -6  %      -4  %      -5  %  
  Income (loss) before                         -7  %       2  %      -9  %  
  income taxes                                                              
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit from) income                         —  %       —  %      -1  %  
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income (loss)                            -7  %       1  %      -9  %  
                                                                            
_______

(1) Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.

Comparison of Our Results of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020
                                                                            
  Revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
               Years                                               2020     
               Ended                               2021 to           to     
              Decem…                                  2022         2021     
                 31,                                     %            %     
                2022          2021         2020     change       change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                 -in                                                        
              thous…                                                        
              except                                                        
              perce…                                                        
  Soft…                                                                     
  Plat…    $  1,049…    $  673,952    $  207,2…         56  %       225  %  
  Reve…                                                                     
  In-A…                                                                     
  Purc…       1,179…       1,458,…       739,9…        -19  %        97  %  
  Reve…                                                                     
  In-A…                                                                     
  Adve…       588,7…       660,557       503,8…        -11  %        31  %  
  Reve…                                                                     
  Apps        1,767…       2,119,…       1,243…        -17  %        70  %  
  Reve…                                                                     
  Total    $  2,817…    $  2,793,…    $  1,451…          1  %        92  %  
  Reve…                                                                     
                                                                            
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our Software Platform Revenue
increased by $375.2 million, or 56%, from the prior year period primarily
due to AppDiscovery where installations increased 24% and revenue per
installation increased 46% compared to the prior year period, as well as our
addition of Wurl during the year which contributed 9% of the Software
Platform revenue increase, and continued growth in MAX and Adjust. We do not
recognize Software Platform Revenue from transactions with our Owned Studios
and Partner Studios.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our Apps Revenue decreased by
$351.3 million, or 17%, from the prior year period. For the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022, our IAP Revenue from Apps decreased by $279.5
million, or 19%, from the prior year period, primarily due to a 21% decrease
in the volume of in-app purchases, partially offset by a 2% increase in
price per in-app purchase. Our IAA Revenue from Apps decreased $71.8
million, or 11%, compared to the prior year period, due to a 16% decrease in
price per advertising impression, partially offset by a 7% increase in the
volume of advertising impressions. We do not recognize IAA Revenue from
transactions with our Owned Studios and Partner Studios.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, our Software Platform Revenue
increased by $466.7 million, or 225%, from the prior year period primarily
due to AppDiscovery where installations increased 62% and revenue per
installation increased 81% compared to the prior year period, as well as our
addition of Adjust during the year which contributed 17% of the Software
Platform revenue increase. We do not recognize Software Platform Revenue
from transactions with our Owned Studios and Partner Studios.
                                     57                                     
Table of Content s

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, our Apps Revenue increased by
$875.4 million, or 70%, from the prior year period. For the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021, our IAP Revenue from Apps increased by $718.7
million, or 97%, from the prior year period, primarily due to a 88% increase
in the volume of in-app purchases, as well as a 5% increase in price per in-
app purchase. Our IAA Revenue from Apps increased $156.7 million, or 31%,
due to a 44% increase in the volume of advertising impressions partially
offset by a 9% decrease in price per advertising impression compared to the
prior year period. We do not recognize IAA Revenue from transactions with
our Owned Studios and Partner Studios.
                                                                            
  Cost of revenue                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2021       2020     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2022       2021     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2022           2021           2020       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Cost                                                                      
  of      $  1,25…       $  988,…       $  555,…          27  %      78  %  
  rev…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of            45  %          35  %          38  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
Cost of revenue in 2022 increased by $268.0 million, or 27%, compared to
2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to an increase of $127.9
million in impairment and loss in connection with the sale of certain assets
resulting from our strategic review of the Apps portfolio, an increase in
expenses associated with operating our network infrastructure driven by the
growth in our Software Platform operations of $126.1 million, and an
increase of $82.1 million in depreciation and amortization driven primarily
by current-year acquisition activities and the recognition of a full year
amortization of intangible assets acquired in 2021, offset by an $88.4
million decrease in third-party payment processing fees as a result of the
decline in IAP Revenue.

Cost of revenue in 2021 increased by $432.5 million, or 78%, compared to
2020. The increase in 2021 was primarily due to an increase of $199.8
million in third-party payment processing fees as a result of the growth in
IAP Revenue, an increase of $153.9 million in depreciation and amortization
of technology-related intangible assets driven by an increase in acquisition
activity, and an increase in expenses associated with operating our network
infrastructure driven by the growth in our operations of $49.7 million.
                                                                            
  Sales and marketing                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2021       2020     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2022       2021     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2022           2021           2020       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Sal…                                                                      
  and     $  919,…       $  1,12…       $  627,…         -19  %      80  %  
  mar…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of            33  %          40  %          43  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
Sales and marketing expenses in 2022 decreased by $210.3 million, or 19%,
compared to 2021 primarily due to a $317.8 million decrease in user
acquisition costs, offset by a $57.1 million increase in personnel-related
expense primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation and an
increase in headcount from acquisitions, and a $43.1 million increase in
depreciation and amortization of user-related intangible assets.

Sales and marketing expenses in 2021 increased by $502.1 million, or 80%,
compared to 2020 primarily due to a $432.8 million increase in user
acquisition costs, a $23.2 million increase in personnel-related expenses
primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation as a result of
higher fair value in our common stock and increase in headcount, and a $28.0
million increase in professional service fees.
                                                                            
  Research and development                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2021       2020     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2022       2021     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2022           2021           2020       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Res…                                                                      
  and     $  507,…       $  366,…       $  180,…          39  %     103  %  
  dev…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of            18  %          13  %          12  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
Research and development expenses in 2022 increased by $141.2 million, or
39%, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of
$70.5 million in professional services costs related to development of new
games by third parties and an increase of $62.5 million in personnel-related
expenses related to an increase in stock-based compensation expense as a
result of an increase in headcount.

Research and development expenses in 2021 increased by $185.8 million, or
103%, compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase of
$109.9 million in professional services costs related to development of new
games by third parties and an increase of $66.1 million in personnel-related
expenses related to an increase in stock-based compensation as a result of
higher fair value in our common stock and an increase in headcount.
                                     58                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  General and administrative                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                     2021        2020     
             Ended                                       to          to     
             Dece…                                     2022        2021     
               31,                                        %           %     
              2022           2021           2020       cha…       chan…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Gen…                                                                      
  and     $  181,…       $  158,…       $  66,4…         14  %      139  %  
  adm…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of             6  %           6  %           5  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
General and administrative expenses in 2022 increased by $22.9 million, or
14% compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase of $12.7
million in acquisition-related costs, an increase of $3.1 million in
professional services costs primarily associated with audit, tax, and legal
support, and an increase of $3.0 million in bad debt expense.

General and administrative expenses in 2021 increased by $92.3 million, or
139% compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase of
$65.4 million in personnel-related expenses related to an increase in stock-
based compensation expense as a result of higher fair value in our common
stock and an increase in headcount to support our growth and an increase of
$12.4 million in professional services costs primarily associated with
audit, tax, and legal support.
                                                                            
  Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2021       2020     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2022       2021     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2022           2021           2020       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Int…                                                                      
  exp…                                                                      
  and                                                                       
  loss    $  -171…       $  -103…       $  -77,…          67  %      32  %  
  on                                                                        
  set…                                                                      
  of                                                                        
  debt                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of            -6  %          -4  %          -5  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
In 2022, interest expense and loss on settlement of debt increased by $68.7
million, or 67%, compared to 2021. This increase was primary due to an
increase of $86.9 million in interest expense related to an increase in the
term loan balance and increase in LIBOR during the period, partially offset
by a loss on the settlement of term loans of $16.9 million during the prior
year period.

In 2021, interest expense and loss on settlement of debt increased by $25.3
million, or 32%, compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to a loss
on the settlement of term loans of $16.9 million during the period.
                                                                            
  Other income (expense), net                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                    2021         2020     
             Ended                                    to             to     
             Dece…                                    2022         2021     
               31,                                    %               %     
              2022          2021           2020       chan…        cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Oth…                                                                      
  inc…    $  14,4…       $  -535       $  4,209              **    -113  %  
  (ex…                                                                      
  net                                                                       
  Per…                                                                      
  of             1  %          —  %           —  %                          
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
** Not meaningful

In 2022, other income (expense), net increased by $15.0 million compared to
2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in interest income of
$14.0 million.

In 2021, other income (expense), net decreased by $4.7 million, or 113%
compared to 2020. The decrease was primarily due to the write-off of an
investment in non-marketable securities of $10.0 million, third-party cost
incurred for the amendment of term loans of $3.7 million, and a fair value
remeasurement loss of $2.0 million, which were partially offset by an
unrealized gain of $4.7 million related to marketable equity securities,
$3.9 million in net foreign exchange gains, and a fair value remeasurement
gain related to term loan embedded derivative of $2.0 million.
                                     59                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Provision for (benefit from) Income Taxes                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                     2021        2020     
             Ended                                       to          to     
             Dece…                                     2022        2021     
               31,                                        %           %     
              2022           2021           2020       cha…       chan…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Pro…                                                                      
  for                                                                       
  (be…    $  -12,…       $  10,9…       $  -9,7…       -211  %     -212  %  
  fro…                                                                      
  inc…                                                                      
  tax…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of             —  %           —  %          -1  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
In 2022, benefit for income taxes increased by $23.2 million or 211%
compared to 2021.

The increase in tax benefit was driven by an increase of $52.7 million due
to the tax impact on the pre-tax loss of $205.2 million in 2022 as compared
to $46.3 million of pre-tax income in 2021, an increase of $14.7 million
related to capital loss, an increase of $7.2 million due to higher foreign-
derived intangible income deduction, and an increase of $5.1 million due to
higher research and development credit, offset by a decrease of $30.1
million related to decrease in stock option deduction, a decrease of $15.7
million due to higher US-foreign rate differential, a decrease of $5.6
million due to higher foreign income inclusion and a decrease of $5.2
million due to higher valuation allowance.

In 2021, we recognized tax provision of $11.0 million as compared to the tax
benefit of $9.8 million, a change of $20.7 million, or 212% compared to
2020. The increase in tax provision was driven by an increase of $38.0
million due to higher pre-tax income in 2021, an increase of $15.9 million
due to higher valuation allowance, an increase of $6.0 million due to change
in foreign deferred tax rate in 2020, a decrease of $2.6 million due to
foreign loss inclusion, a decrease of $19.2 million due to excess tax
benefit for stock-based compensation, a decrease of $6.9 million due to
higher foreign-derived intangible income deduction, and a decrease of $12.2
million due to a disallowed deduction for extinguishments of acquisition-
related contingent considerations in 2020.
                                                                            
  Comparison of our Segment Results of Operations                           
                                                                            
The following table presents the results for our Software Platform and Apps
segment adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated:
                                                                            
               Years                                                        
               Ended                                               2020     
              Decem…                               2021 to           to     
                 31,                                2022 %       2021 %     
                2022          2021         2020     change       change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                 -in                                                        
              thous…                                                        
              except                                                        
              perce…                                                        
  Soft…                                                                     
  Plat…    $  808,4…    $  457,302    $  121,1…         77  %       278  %  
  Adju…                                                                     
  EBIT…                                                                     
  Apps                                                                      
  Adju…    $  254,7…    $  269,512    $  224,3…         -5  %        20  %  
  EBIT…                                                                     
                                                                            
Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Twelve Months Ended
December 31, 2021

The $351.1 million, or 77%, increase in Software Platform Adjusted EBITDA
for 2022 was primarily driven by an increase in Software Platform revenue of
$375.2 million, partially offset by an increase of $123.9 million in
expenses associated with our network infrastructure and an increase of $74.3
million in personnel-related expenses related to an increase in headcount
primarily due to the acquisitions of Adjust and Wurl. In addition, Software
Platform Adjusted EBITDA for 2022 has been adjusted to exclude one-time
publisher bonuses of $209.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The $14.7 million, or 5%, decrease in Apps Adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was
primarily driven by a decrease in Apps Revenue of $351.3 million and a $73.0
million increase in professional services costs related to development of
new apps by third parties, partially offset by a $317.6 million decrease in
user acquisition costs, and a $88.4 million decrease in third-party payment
processing fees paid associated with in-app purchases.

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Twelve Months Ended
December 31, 2020

The $336.2 million, or 278%, increase in Software Platform Adjusted EBITDA
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by an
increase in Software Platform revenue of $466.7 million, partially offset by
an increase of $43.7 million in expenses associated with operating our
network infrastructure and an increase of $52.3 million in personnel-related
expenses related to an increase in headcount primarily due to the
acquisition of Adjust.

The $45.1 million, or 20%, increase in Apps Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by an increase in Apps
Revenue of $875.4 million, partially offset by a $432.6 million increase in
user acquisition costs, a $199.8 million increase in third-party payment
processing fees paid associated with in-app purchases, a $151.6 million
increase in costs primarily related to the development of new games by third
parties, and a $31.8 million increase in personnel-related expenses related
to an increase in stock-based compensation expense as a result of higher
fair value in our common stock and an increase in headcount.
                                     60                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Liquidity and Capital Resources                                           
                                                                            
Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through payments
received from clients using our Software Platform and advertising on our
Apps, and from user IAPs from our Apps, and through net proceeds we received
from the sales of our convertible preferred stock and of our Class A common
stock in our initial public offering and debt borrowings, including
borrowings made under our credit agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we had
cash and cash equivalents of $1.1 billion.

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents would be sufficient
to satisfy our anticipated working capital and capital expenditures needs
for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements, however,
will depend on many factors, including our growth rate; sales and marketing
activities; timing and extent of spending to support our research and
development efforts; capital expenditures to purchase hardware and software;
and our continued need to invest in our IT infrastructure to support our
growth. In addition, we may enter into additional strategic partnerships as
well as agreements to acquire or invest in teams and technologies, including
intellectual property rights, which could increase our cash requirements.
For example, in 2022, we acquired MoPub and Wurl, which reduced our year-end
2022 cash balance by $1.3 billion. As a result of these and other factors,
we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing sooner than
we currently anticipate. If additional financing from outside sources is
required, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at
all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required, or if we
cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business
opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
                                                                            
                               Years Ended                                  
                              December 31,                                  
                                      2022                                  
                            (in thousands)             2021           2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by         $            412,773    $     361,851    $   222,883  
  operating                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Net cash used in                                                          
  investing           $         -1,371,468    $  -1,214,930    $  -679,891  
  activities                                                                
  Net cash (used                                                            
  in) provided by     $           -526,848    $   3,109,546    $   377,855  
  financing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Operating Activities                                                      
                                                                            
Net cash provided by operating activities was $412.8 million for 2022,
primarily consisting of $192.9 million of net loss, adjusted for certain
non-cash items, which included $547.1 million of amortization, depreciation
and write-offs, $191.6 million of stock-based compensation expense, $127.9
million of impairment charges and losses on disposal of assets, $17.1
million of change in operating right of use asset, and $12.7 million of
amortization of debt issuance costs and discount partially offset by a net
increase in the operating assets and liabilities of $292.4 million. The net
increase in the operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an
increase in accounts receivable and other assets, and a decrease in
operating lease liabilities, deferred revenue and accrued and other
liabilities, partially offset by higher accounts payable.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $361.9 million for 2021,
primarily consisting of $35.3 million of net income, adjusted for certain
non-cash items, which included $431.1 million of amortization, depreciation
and write-offs, $133.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, $26.3
million of change in operating right of use asset, $18.2 million of loss on
settlement of debt, $8.8 million of net unrealized gains on fair value
remeasurement of financial instruments, and $12.8 million of amortization of
debt issuance costs and discount, partially offset by a net increase in the
operating assets and liabilities of $284.3 million. The net increase in the
operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in
accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets and decrease
in operating lease liabilities partially offset by higher accounts payable
and accrued and other liabilities.
                                                                            
  Investing Activities                                                      
                                                                            
Net cash used in investing activities was $1.4 billion for 2022, primarily
consisting of $1.3 billion related to acquisitions, $66.3 million in
purchases of non-marketable investments and other, partially offset by $37.0
million in proceeds from sale of long-lived assets.

Net cash used in investing activities was $1.2 billion for 2021, primarily
consisting of $1.2 billion related to acquisitions, $15.0 million in
purchases of non-marketable investments and other and $12.0 million in
proceeds from other investing activity.
                                                                            
  Financing Activities                                                      
                                                                            
Net cash used in financing activities was $526.8 million for 2022, primarily
consisting of $338.9 million of common stock repurchases, deferred
acquisition costs of $124.2 million, payments for withholding taxes related
to net share settlement of restricted stock units of $27.5 million, payments
for the principal repayment of debt of $25.8 million, and payments for
finance leases of $24.1 million, partially offset by $25.5 million in
proceeds from exercise of stock awards.

Net cash provided by financing activities was $3.1 billion for 2021,
primarily consisting of $1.7 billion of proceeds from issuance of common
stock in our initial public offering, net of issuance costs as adjusted for
cost reimbursement, $2.3 billion of proceeds from debt issuance and $31.2
million proceeds from exercise of stock awards partially offset by payments
for the principal repayment of debt of $719.8 million, deferred acquisition
costs of $234.1 million and finance leases of $15.3 million.
                                     61                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Credit Agreement                                                          
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2022, our total outstanding indebtedness under the
Amended Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto and Bank of America,
N.A. serving as the administrative agent consisted of $3.25 billion of
outstanding term loans with $33.3 million due within twelve months. This
amount is exclusive of interest payments which vary based on the
fluctuations in the interest rate index. Additionally, the Amended Credit
Agreement provides a Revolving Credit Facility with a borrowing capacity of
$600.0 million. There were no borrowings drawn from the Revolving Credit
Facility as of December 31, 2022. For additional information on the Credit
Agreement, see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                            
  Contractual Obligations                                                   
                                                                            
Our material cash requirements include the following contractual
obligations.

Deferred Acquisition Costs

As of December 31, 2022, we had accrued certain deferred acquisition costs
of $31.0 million, with the entire amount payable within twelve months. These
costs represent part of the consideration related to games acquired in asset
acquisition transactions. Refer to "Contingent Consideration" below for
additional information.

Operating Leases

As of December 31, 2022, we have non-cancellable commitments for real estate
leases and leases of certain networking equipment colocation space with
fixed lease payment obligations of $77.0 million, with $17.3 million payable
within twelve months. For additional information, see Note 8 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.

Finance Leases

As of December 31, 2022, we have non-cancelable payments related to finance
leases of certain networking equipment of $72.8 million, with $25.0 million
payable within twelve months. For additional information, see Note 8 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.

License Asset Obligation

As of December 31, 2022, we have an obligation related to certain
intellectual property that we licensed from a third party of $45.8 million,
with $15.3 million payable within twelve months.

Non-cancelable purchase obligations

As of December 31, 2022, we have non-cancellable purchase obligations, which
primarily consist of a certain arrangement related to cloud platform
services, of $480.6 million, with $210.7 million payable within twelve
months.

Wurl Acquisition Obligations

In April 2022, we completed our acquisition of Wurl, a software platform
company in the connected TV market for $378.2 million, which includes a
deferred payment of $22.7 million to be paid in October 2023, less any
eligible claims against the deferred payment.

Investment Commitments

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we invested or committed
to invest in certain private equity funds. As of December 31, 2022 these
unfunded commitments were $50.1 million, which may be called from time to
time by the funds.
                                     62                                     
Table of Content s

Contingent Consideration

Several of the definitive agreements governing our acquisitions of our Owned
Studios and arrangements with Partner Studios provide for payment contingent
upon future performance metrics. These contingent consideration arrangements
include payouts based on a percentage of revenue or profitability metrics,
payouts of fixed amounts based on the achievement of certain operating
targets, and revenue share arrangements for specific apps, and some of these
arrangements do not have a maximum limit of contingent consideration
achievable. Because these contingent consideration arrangements are based on
the success of relevant Apps and are not guaranteed, we do not expect our
results of operations would be materially and adversely effected by the
payment of amounts under any such arrangement. The table below presents a
summary of the significant contingent consideration arrangements:
                                                                            
  Relevant Transaction                  Contingent Consideration Summary    
                                        Future one-time earn-out payments,  
                                        based on a service agreement, of    
                                        either $60.0 million or $30.0       
                                        million per game depending on the   
                                        nature of the new game App          
                                        developed, subject to the           
                                        achievement of a certain monthly    
                                        revenue milestone in the initial    
                                        thirty-six months following the     
                                        launch of a new game App. The term  
                                        of the service agreement is         
                                        initially three years, after which  
  Recoded asset acquisition (January    time the agreement is terminable    
  2019)                                 by either party upon thirty days’   
                                        written notice. We are also         
                                        required to make future one-time    
                                        earn-out payments, based on a       
                                        development agreement during the    
                                        term of six years, of $10.0         
                                        million to each of two additional   
                                        new game Apps developed, subject    
                                        to the achievement of the same      
                                        monthly revenue milestone in the    
                                        initial thirty-six months           
                                        following the launch of such game   
                                        Apps.                               
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on the        
                                        greater of (i) a predetermined      
                                        percentage of revenue or (ii) a     
                                        predetermined percentage of         
                                        earnings before interest, taxes,    
                                        depreciation and amortization       
  Samfinaco Games asset acquisition     generated by the acquired game      
  (August 2019)                         Apps over each such year. We are    
                                        also required to make future        
                                        earn-out payments based on          
                                        performance metrics of the newly    
                                        developed game Apps which are       
                                        similar to the performance metrics  
                                        of the initially acquired mobile    
                                        game Apps during the four years     
                                        from the date of the transaction.   
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on the        
                                        excess, if any, of revenue          
                                        generated by the initially          
                                        acquired game App for such year     
  Zenlife asset acquisition             above the sum of (i) an annual      
  (June 2020)                           fixed baseline revenue and (ii)     
                                        the aggregate earn-out payments     
                                        made in prior years. We are also    
                                        required to make future earn-out    
                                        payments for newly developed game   
                                        Apps determined under the similar   
                                        approach as for the initially       
                                        acquired mobile game Apps.          
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on (i)(a)     
  Athena acquisition                    the revenue generated by the        
  (November 2020)                       initially acquired game Apps in     
                                        each such year in excess of (b) a   
                                        certain revenue threshold,          
                                        multiplied by (ii) a predetermined  
                                        revenue multiple.                   
                                        Future earn-out payments are        
                                        contingent on the revenue           
                                        generated by the acquired mobile    
  Asset acquisition                     Apps exceeding a certain revenue    
  (April 2021)                          threshold, which will be measured   
                                        and payable (if applicable) each    
                                        year for four years from the date   
                                        of the transaction.                 
                                        As amended in 2022, future          
                                        earn-out payments are contingent    
  Asset acquisition                     on the earnings before interest,    
  (April 2021)                          taxes, depreciation and             
                                        amortization ("EBITDA") generated   
                                        by the acquired mobile Apps.        
                                                                            
For acquisitions of Owned Studios that are accounted for as business
combinations, contingent consideration is initially recognized at fair
value. For our other transactions, we generally recognize contingent
consideration only on the date when the related performance metrics are
achieved. For additional information, see Notes 2 and 6 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

As of December 31, 2022, we had recorded liabilities of $19.1 million
related to uncertain tax positions. Due to uncertainties in the timing of
potential tax audits, the timing of the resolution of these positions is
uncertain and we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the timing of
payments in individual years particularly beyond 12 months. As a result,
this amount is not included in the table above.
                                     63                                     
Table of Content s

In April 2020, we entered into a share purchase agreement with Redemption
Games, Inc. (Redemption Games). We purchased a majority of the outstanding
common stock of Redemption Games and entered into agreements with the equity
holders of Redemption Games that, among other things, provide for call/put
rights whereby such holders can elect to require us to purchase all or a
portion of their vested securities on a specified date in February of each
year from 2022 to 2025 and we can require such holders to sell to us all of
their remaining securities on or after February 19, 2025, each for a
purchase price per share of the then current fair market value per share of
common stock of Redemption Games. In 2022, we disposed all of the common
stock shares of Redemption Games and such call/put rights were terminated
without having been exercised.
                                                                            
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates                                
                                                                            
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements, as well as the reported revenue generated
and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. We base our estimates on
assumptions, both historical and forward-looking, that are believed to be
reasonable. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions.
These estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could
differ materially from those estimates.

We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more
significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of
our consolidated financial statements. For additional information, see Note
2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                            
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers                                     
                                                                            
We generate Software Platform and Apps revenue. Software Platform revenue is
generated primarily from fees collected from advertisers and advertising
networks who use our Software Platform. We generate Apps revenue from In-App
Purchases ("IAP") generated from in-app purchases (“IAPs”) made by users
within our apps (“Apps”) and In-App Advertising ("IAA") generated from
advertisers that purchase ad inventory from Apps.
Software Platform Revenue
The vast majority of the Software Platform Revenue is generated through
AppDiscovery and MAX, which provides the technology to match advertisers and
owners of digital advertising inventory (“Publishers”) via auctions at large
scale and microsecond-level speeds. The terms for all mobile advertising
arrangements are governed by our terms and conditions and generally
stipulate payment terms of up to 60 days subsequent to the end of the month.
Substantially all of our contracts with customers are fully cancellable at
any time or upon a short notice.

Software Platform Revenue is generated by placing ads on mobile applications
owned by Publishers. Our performance obligation is to provide customers with
access to the Software Platform, which facilitates the advertiser’s purchase
of ad inventory from Publishers. We do not control the ad inventory prior to
its transfer to the advertiser, because we do not have the substantive
ability to direct the use of nor obtain substantially all of the remaining
benefits from the ad inventory. We are not primarily responsible for
fulfillment and does not have any inventory risk. We are an agent as it
relates to the sale of third-party advertising inventory and presents
revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the product of either the
number of completions of agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed and
the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser
less consideration paid or payable to Publishers. We recognize Software
Platform Revenue when the agreed upon action is completed or when the ad is
displayed to users. The number of advertisements delivered and completions
of agreed upon actions is determined at the end of each month, which
resolves any uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting
period.

Software Platform Revenue also includes revenue generated by our mobile
application tracking and attribution solutions that is recognized ratably
over the subscription period generally up to twelve months.
Apps Revenue
IAP Revenue

IAP Revenue includes fees collected from users to purchase virtual goods to
enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is
to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items
over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the
user or until the virtual item is consumed. Payment is required at the time
of purchase, and the purchase price is a fixed amount.

Users make IAPs through our distribution partners. The transaction price is
equal to the gross amount charged to users because we are the principal in
the transaction. IAPs fees are non-refundable. Such payments are initially
recorded as deferred revenue. We categorize virtual goods as either
consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent goods that can be
consumed by a specific player action in gameplay; accordingly, we recognize
revenue from the sale of consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed.
Durable virtual goods represent goods that are accessible to the user over
an extended period of time; accordingly, we recognize revenue from the sale
of durable virtual goods ratably over the period of time the goods are
available to the user, which is generally the estimated average user life
(“EAUL”).

The EAUL represents our best estimate of the expected life of paying users
for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when a user makes the first
purchase of durable virtual goods and ends when a user is determined to be
inactive. We determine
                                     64                                     
Table of Content s

the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For a newly launched game with limited
playing data, we determine the EAUL based on the EAUL of a game with
sufficiently similar characteristics.

We determine the EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such calculated EAUL
to all bookings in the respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is
subjective and requires management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may
differ from historical playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change
in the future. The EAULs are generally between six and nine months.
IAA Revenue
IAA Revenue is generated by selling ad inventory on our Apps to third-party
advertisers. Advertisers purchase ad inventory either through the Software
Platform or through third-party advertising networks (“Ad Networks”).
Revenue from the sale of ad inventory through Ad Networks is recognized net
of the amounts retained by Ad Networks as we are unable to determine the
gross amount paid by the advertisers to Ad Networks. We recognize revenue
when the ad is displayed to users.
                                                                            
  Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations                              
                                                                            
We perform an initial test to determine whether substantially all of the
fair value of the gross assets transferred are concentrated in a single
identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, such that the
acquisition would not represent a business. If that test suggests that the
set of assets and activities is a business, we then perform a second test to
evaluate whether the assets and activities transferred include inputs and
substantive processes that together, significantly contribute to the ability
to create outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of the
second test suggests that the acquired assets and activities constitute a
business, we account for the transaction as a business combination.

For transactions accounted for as business combinations, we allocate the
fair value of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired,
liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated
fair values. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of any
promised contingent consideration. The excess of the fair value of
acquisition consideration over the fair values of acquired identifiable
assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Contingent consideration is
remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with changes in the fair
value of contingent consideration recorded in general and administrative
expenses. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates
and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant
estimates and assumptions in valuing certain identifiable intangible assets
include, but are not limited to, forecasted revenue and discount rates.
Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to
be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as
a result, actual results may differ from estimates. In certain
circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase price are based upon
preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to revision when we
receive final information, including appraisals and other analyses. During
the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, we may
record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the
corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement
period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-
related costs are expensed as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired on the basis
of relative fair values. We generally include contingent consideration in
the cost of the assets acquired only when the uncertainty is resolved. We
recognize contingent consideration adjustments to the cost of the acquired
assets prospectively using the straight-line method over the remaining
useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset acquisitions.
                                                                            
  Services and Development Agreements                                       
                                                                            
We enter into strategic agreements with Partner Studios. We have
historically allowed these Partner Studios to continue their operations with
a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, we bought Apps from Partner
Studios and entered into service and development agreements whereby Partner
Studios provide support in improving existing Apps and developing new Apps.
The substantial majority of payments associated with service agreements for
existing Apps are expensed to research and development when the services are
rendered as the payments primarily relate to developing enhancements for the
Apps. Payments for new Apps associated with development agreements are
generally made in connection with the development of a particular App, and
therefore, we are subject to development risk prior to the release of the
App. Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of an App are
generally expensed to research and development over the development period
as the services are incurred. Payments due after completion of an App are
generally capitalized and expensed as cost of revenue. For additional
information, see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                            
  Software Development Costs                                                
                                                                            
We incur development costs related to internal-use software and the
development of Apps. We review software development costs on a quarterly
basis to determine if the costs qualify for capitalization. As a result of
an agile and iterative development process, the preliminary project stage
remains ongoing until just prior to launch, at which time final feature
selection occurs. As such, software development costs do not meet the
criteria for capitalization and are expensed as incurred to research and
development expe nses. The software development costs we capitalized during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were insignificant. We did not
capitalize any software development costs during the year ended December 31,
2020
                                     65                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  Goodwill                                                                  
                                                                            
Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment on an
annual basis during the fourth quarter or more frequently if we believe
indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events that may indicate
impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in
customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of goodwill
or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When conducting
quantitative annual goodwill impairment assessments, we compare the fair
value of its reporting units to their carrying value. If the carrying value
of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then we record a goodwill
impairment. Commencing January 1, 2019, the lesser of (i) the entire amount
by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value or
(ii) the carrying value of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit is
recorded as an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and
2020, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.
                                                                            
  Intangible Assets                                                         
                                                                            
This consists of identifiable intangible assets, primarily Apps, user base,
developed technology, customer relationships and intellectual property
licenses resulting from acquisitions. Acquired intangible assets are
recorded at cost, net of accumulated amortization. Our estimates of useful
lives of intangible assets are based on cash flow forecasts which
incorporate various assumptions, including forecasted user acquisition
costs, user attrition rates and level of user engagement.

Intangible assets also include costs of intellectual property that we
license from third parties for use of their content in our game. The
licensing agreements include license payments, which are due over the terms
of the agreements. We recognize these license payments as a license asset
and a license obligation at the fair value on the contract date, based on a
discounted cash flow model. The amortization of the licensed asset commences
when the game with licensed content is launched and when licensed agreement
is executed; and is recorded in cost of revenue on a straight-line method
over the remaining license terms or estimated useful life of the game with
licensed content, whichever is shorter. The classification of the license
obligations between current and long-term is based on the expected timing of
the payments to the licensor.
                                                                            
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets                                           
                                                                            
We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. If
such circumstances are present, we assess the recoverability of the long-
lived assets by comparing the carrying value to the undiscounted future cash
flows associated with the related assets. If the future net undiscounted
cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the assets are
considered impaired and an expense equal to the amount required to reduce
the carrying value of the assets to the estimated fair value is recorded as
an impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated statements of
operations. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and
timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash
flows. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful
lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of
factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends,
and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our
internal forecasts. For example, if future operating results do not meet
current forecasts, we may be required to record future impairment charges
for acquired intangible assets. Additional factors which significantly
affect future cash flows related to long-lived assets include, but are not
limited to, forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates, and
level of user engagement. Significant changes in these factors may require
us to reassess recoverability of long-lived assets and record impairment.
Impairment charges could materially decrease future net income and result in
lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheet. There were no material
impairment charges related to long-lived assets that are held and used for
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

We classify an asset as held for sale when we commit to a formal plan to
sell the asset and the sale is expected to be completed within one year.
Upon classification as held for sale, we recognize the asset at the lower of
its carrying value or its estimated fair value, less costs to sell. In
addition, we cease to record depreciation or amortization for assets that
are classified as held for sale. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we
classified certain assets within our Apps reportable segment as held for
sale and recognized a total impairment charge of $53.0 million in cost of
revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. During the same
period, we also recorded a total net loss of $74.9 million as a result of
the sale of certain assets within our Apps reportable segment in cost of
revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. No assets were
classified as held for sale or sold in 2021 or 2020.
                                                                            
  Income Taxes                                                              
                                                                            
We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which
requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
financial statements. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets
and liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates
in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The
effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets are more
likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider
all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income,
tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine
that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess
of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset
valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision for income taxes.
                                     66                                     
Table of Content s

We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process in
which determinations are made (i) whether it is more likely than not that
the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of
the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-
than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax
benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement
with a tax authority.

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on
the income tax expense line in our consolidated statement of operations.
Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability
line in the consolidated balance sheet.
                                                                            
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements                                          
                                                                            
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently adopted accounting
pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
as of the dates of the statement of financial position included in this
Annual Report on 10-K.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, which
primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange.

Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk

As of December 31, 2022, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of
$1.08 billion. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates
would not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of
operations due to the short-term nature of our cash equivalents.

As of December 31, 2022, we had a debt balance of $3.25 billion. We have
entered, and in the future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage
interest rate risk on a whole, or a portion, of our outstanding debt. In
2022, we entered into a receive-variable and pay-fixed interest rate swap
that allows us to effectively mitigate the impact of an increase in interest
rates on a notional amount of $1.8 billion of the outstanding debt balance
as of December 31, 2022. With respect to our outstanding borrowings subject
to variable interest rates at December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 100 basis
point increase in interest rate would have increased the Company’s annual
interest expense by approximately $15.1 million.

We cannot predict market fluctuations in interest rates and their impact on
our debt, nor can there be any assurance that long-term fixed-rate debt will
be available at favorable rates, if at all. Consequently, future results may
differ materially from estimated results due to adverse changes in interest
rates.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Translation Exposure

We are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we translate the
financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in
consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the
translating adjustments resulting from the conversion of our foreign
subsidiaries’ financial statements into U.S. dollars would result in a gain
or loss recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss), which is part of stockholders’ equity (deficit).
                                     67                                     
Table of Content s
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                     │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                            
                            APPLOVIN CORPORATION                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                 
                                                                            
                                                              
                                                        Page  
  Reportsof Independent Registered Public Accounting      69  
  Firm(PCAOB ID No.34)                                        
  Consolidated Balance Sheets                             72  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations                   73  
  Consolidated Statements of ComprehensiveLoss            74  
  Consolidated Statements of Redeemable                       
  Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders’ Equity        75  
  (Deficit)                                                   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                   78  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              80  
                                                              
                                     68                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
          REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM           
                                                                            
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin Corporation
                                                                            
  Opinion on the Financial Statements                                       
                                                                            
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AppLovin
Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss,
redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders’ equity (deficit), and
cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial
statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our
report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
                                                                            
  Basis for Opinion                                                         
                                                                            
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.
                                                                            
  Critical Audit Matter                                                     
                                                                            
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the
current‐period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.
The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it
relates.

Acquisitions and Dispositions—Acquisitions of MoPub and Wurl—Forecasted
Revenue—Refer to Notes 2 and 6 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

On January 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition from Twitter, Inc.
of certain assets that comprised of the MoPub business (“MoPub”) for a fair
value consideration of $1.03 billion and on April 1, 2022, the Company
completed the acquisition of Wurl, Inc. (“Wurl”) for a fair value
consideration of $378.2 million. The Company accounted for both acquisitions
as business combinations. The Company allocated the fair value of
acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair value.
For MoPub, total intangible assets of $397.9 million consisted of $336.0
million of advertiser and publisher relationships, $61.8 million of
developed technology, and $0.1 million of tradename. For Wurl, total
intangible assets of $116.2 million consisted of $41.0 million of customer
relationships, $60.5 million of developed technology, and $14.7 million of
tradename. Management estimated the fair value of the intangible assets
using the income approach, which is a specific discounted cash flow
valuation method.

We identified forecasted revenue used in the determination of fair value of
the intangible assets as a critical audit matter because it requires
management to make significant estimates and assumptions. This required a
high degree of auditor judgment, and an increased extent of effort, when
performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management’s
estimates and assumptions related to forecasted revenue.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the forecasted revenue included the
following, among others:

• Evaluated the reasonableness of forecasted revenue, by comparing it to (1)
historical revenue results of the acquired MoPub and Wurl businesses, (2)
historical and forecasted revenue of peer companies in industry, and (3)
communications with the Board of Directors.
                                     69                                     
Table of Content s

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California

February 28, 2023

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2014.
                                     70                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
          REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM           
                                                                            
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of AppLovin
Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2022, based
on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013)
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control— Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the
Company and our report dated February 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified
opinion on those financial statements.

As described in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over
financial reporting at Wurl, Inc. which was acquired in April 2022, and
whose financial statements constitute 7% of total assets and 1% of total
revenue of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2022. Accordingly, our audit did not include the
internal control over financial reporting at Wurl, Inc.
                                                                            
  Basis for Opinion                                                         
                                                                            
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting
was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California

February 28, 2023
                                     71                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                        Consolidated Balance Sheets                         
                                                                            
              (In thousands, except share and per share data)               
                                                                            
                                           December 31,       December 31,  
                                                   2022               2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                                           
  Cash and cash equivalents             $     1,080,484    $     1,520,504  
  Restricted cash equivalents                         —          1,050,000  
  Accounts receivable, net                      702,814            514,520  
  Prepaid expenses and other current            155,785            150,040  
  assets                                                                    
  Total current assets                        1,939,083          3,235,064  
  Property and equipment, net                    78,543             63,608  
  Operating lease right-of-use                   60,379             70,975  
  assets                                                                    
  Goodwill                                    1,823,755            966,427  
  Intangible assets, net                      1,677,660          1,709,347  
  Other assets                                  268,426            118,158  
  Total assets                          $     5,847,846    $     6,163,579  
  Liabilities, redeemable                                                   
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest, and stockholders’ equity                                        
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts payable                      $       273,196    $       258,220  
  Accrued liabilities                           147,801            133,770  
  Licensed asset obligation                      15,254             17,374  
  Short-term debt                                33,310             25,810  
  Deferred revenue                               64,018             78,930  
  Operating lease liabilities                    14,334             18,392  
  Deferred acquisition costs,                    31,045            107,601  
  current                                                                   
  Total current liabilities                     578,958            640,097  
  Non-current liabilities:                                                  
  Long-term debt                              3,178,412          3,201,834  
  Operating lease liabilities,                   54,153             62,498  
  non-current                                                               
  Licensed asset obligation,                     26,970              8,039  
  non-current                                                               
  Other non-current liabilities                 106,676            112,820  
  Total liabilities                           3,945,169          4,025,288  
  Commitments and contingencies                                             
  (Note 5)                                                                  
  Redeemable noncontrolling interest                  —                201  
  Stockholders’ equity:                                                     
  Preferred stock, $0.00003par                                              
  value—100,000,000shares                                                   
  authorized,nilshares issued and                     —                  —  
  outstanding as of December 31,                                            
  2022 and                                                                  
  2021                                                                      
  Class A, Class B and Class F                                              
  common                                                                    
  stock, $0.00003par                                                        
  value—1,700,000,000(Class                                                 
  A1,500,000,000, Class                                                     
  B200,000,000,                                                             
  Class Fnil) and1,700,000,000(Class                                        
  A1,500,000,000, Class                                                     
  B200,000,000,                                                             
  Class Fnil) shares                                 11                 11  
  authorized,373,873,683(Class                                              
  A302,711,061, Class B71,162,622,                                          
  Class                                                                     
  Fnil) and375,089,360(Class                                                
  A296,426,738,                                                             
  Class B78,662,622, Class Fnil)                                            
  shares                                                                    
  issued and outstanding as of                                              
  December                                                                  
  31, 2022 and 2021, respectively                                           
  Additional paid-in capital                  3,155,748          3,160,487  
  Accumulated other comprehensive               -83,382            -45,454  
  loss                                                                      
  Accumulated deficit                        -1,169,700           -976,954  
  Total stockholders’ equity                  1,902,677          2,138,090  
  Total liabilities, redeemable                                             
  noncontrolling interest, and          $     5,847,846    $     6,163,579  
  stockholders’ equity                                                      
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     72                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                   Consolidated Statements of Operations                    
                                                                            
              (In thousands, except share and per share data)               
                                                                            
                           Years ended                                      
                          December 31,                                      
                                  2022              2021              2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue           $        2,817,058    $    2,793,104    $    1,451,086  
  Costs and                                                                 
  expenses:                                                                 
  Cost of                    1,256,065           988,095           555,578  
  revenue                                                                   
  Sales and                    919,550         1,129,892           627,796  
  marketing                                                                 
  Research and                 507,607           366,402           180,652  
  development                                                               
  General and                  181,627           158,699            66,431  
  administrative                                                            
  Lease                                                                     
  modification                                                              
  and                                —                 —             7,851  
  abandonment of                                                            
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Extinguishmen…                                                            
  of                                                                        
  acquisition-r…                     —                 —            74,820  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Total costs                2,864,849         2,643,088         1,513,128  
  and expenses                                                              
  Income (loss)                                                             
  from                         -47,791           150,016           -62,042  
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on                     -171,863          -103,170           -77,873  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income                  14,477              -535             4,209  
  (expense), net                                                            
  Total other                 -157,386          -103,705           -73,664  
  expense                                                                   
  Income (loss)                                                             
  before income               -205,177            46,311          -135,706  
  taxes                                                                     
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit from)               -12,230            10,973            -9,772  
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income                  -192,947            35,338          -125,934  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Add: Net loss                                                             
  attributable                                                              
  to                               201               108               747  
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest                                                                  
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $         -192,746    $       35,446    $     -125,187  
  to                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
  Less: Net                                                                 
  income                                                                    
  attributable                       —            -3,743                 —  
  to                                                                        
  participating                                                             
  securities                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $         -192,746    $       31,703    $     -125,187  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Basic                                                               
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $         -192,746    $       31,879    $     -125,187  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Diluted                                                             
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders:                                                             
  Basic             $            -0.52    $         0.10    $        -0.58  
  Diluted           $            -0.52    $         0.09    $        -0.58  
  Weighted                                                                  
  average common                                                            
  shares used to                                                            
  compute net                                                               
  income (loss)                                                             
  per share                                                                 
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders:                                                             
  Basic                    371,568,011       324,836,076       214,936,545  
  Diluted                  371,568,011       342,763,632       214,936,545  
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     73                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
               Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss                
                                                                            
                               (In thousands)                               
                                                                            
                                  Years ended                               
                                 December 31,                               
                                         2022          2021           2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)    $             -192,947    $   35,338    $  -125,934  
  Other                                                                     
  comprehensive                                                             
  income (loss),                                                            
  net                                                                       
  of tax:                                                                   
                                                                            
  Foreign currency                                                          
  translation gain                    -37,928       -46,058            579  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Interest rate                             —             —          4,165  
  swap gain                                                                 
  Total other                                                               
  comprehensive                       -37,928       -46,058          4,744  
  income (loss),                                                            
  net of tax                                                                
  Total                                                                     
  comprehensive                                                             
  loss including                     -230,875       -10,720       -121,190  
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest                                                                  
  Add: Total                                                                
  comprehensive                                                             
  loss                                    201           108            747  
  attributable to                                                           
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest                                                                  
  Total                                                                     
  comprehensive                                                             
  loss attributable    $             -230,674    $  -10,612    $  -120,443  
  to                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     74                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
     Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and      
                       Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                       
                                                                            
                     (In thousands, except share data)                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     75                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
     Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and      
                       Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                       
                                                                            
                     (In thousands, except share data)                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     76                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
     Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and      
                       Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                       
                                                                            
                     (In thousands, except share data)                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     77                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                    
                                                                            
                               (In thousands)                               
                                                                            
                               Years Ended                                  
  Operating                   December 31,                                  
  Activities                          2022             2021           2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income          $           -192,947    $      35,338    $  -125,934  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Adjustments to                                                            
  reconcile net                                                             
  income                                                                    
  (loss) to                                                                 
  operating                                                                 
  activities:                                                               
  Amortization,                                                             
  depreciation and                 547,084          431,063        254,951  
  write-offs                                                                
  Impairment and                                                            
  loss in                                                                   
  connection with                  127,892                —              —  
  sale of                                                                   
  long-lived                                                                
  assets                                                                    
  Amortization of                                                           
  debt issuance                     12,678           12,825          8,152  
  costs and                                                                 
  discount                                                                  
  Stock-based                      191,612          133,177         62,387  
  compensation                                                              
  Change in                                                                 
  operating                         17,107           26,313          9,333  
  right-of-use                                                              
  asset                                                                     
  Lease                                                                     
  modification and                                                          
  abandonment of                         —                —          7,851  
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Loss on                                                                   
  extinguishments                                                           
  of acquisition                         —                —         74,820  
  related                                                                   
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Loss on                                                                   
  settlement of                          —           18,236              —  
  debt                                                                      
  Other                              1,786          -10,805         -1,641  
  Changes in                                                                
  operating assets                                                          
  and                                                                       
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts                        -174,829         -201,948       -113,234  
  receivable                                                                
  Prepaid expenses                                                          
  and other                         -3,725          -97,324        -13,289  
  current                                                                   
  assets                                                                    
  Other assets                     -77,343          -45,938        -19,092  
  Accounts payable                   3,479           98,612         49,120  
  Operating lease                  -18,898          -26,854         -8,812  
  liabilities                                                               
  Accrued and                                                               
  other                             -6,412            3,063          2,783  
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred revenue                 -14,711          -13,907         35,488  
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by                      412,773          361,851        222,883  
  operating                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Investing                                                                 
  Activities                                                                
  Purchase of                                                               
  property and                        -662           -1,390         -3,241  
  equipment                                                                 
  Acquisitions,                                                             
  net of cash                   -1,339,827       -1,206,482       -674,650  
  acquired                                                                  
  Purchase of                                                               
  non-marketable                   -66,342          -15,000         -2,000  
  investments                                                               
  and other                                                                 
  Proceeds from                                                             
  other investing                    4,312           12,009              —  
  activities                                                                
  Capitalized                                                               
  software                          -5,949           -4,067              —  
  development                                                               
  costs                                                                     
  Proceeds from                                                             
  sale of                           37,000                —              —  
  long-lived                                                                
  assets                                                                    
  Net cash used in                                                          
  investing                     -1,371,468       -1,214,930       -679,891  
  activities                                                                
  Financing                                                                 
  Activities                                                                
  Proceeds from                                                             
  issuance of                                                               
  common stock                                                              
  in initial                                                                
  public offering,                       —        1,745,228              —  
  net of                                                                    
  issuance costs                                                            
  as adjusted for                                                           
  cost                                                                      
  reimbursement                                                             
  Proceeds from                                                             
  debt issuance,                         —        2,329,059        481,273  
  net of                                                                    
  issuance costs                                                            
  Payments of debt                 -25,810         -719,810        -64,295  
  principal                                                                 
  Principal                                                                 
  payments of                      -24,083          -15,271         -9,708  
  finance leases                                                            
  Payment of                                                                
  withholding                                                               
  taxes related to                                                          
  net share                        -27,535                —              —  
  settlement of                                                             
  restricted stock                                                          
  units                                                                     
  Proceeds from                                                             
  exercise of                       25,487           31,156          2,303  
  stock options                                                             
  Proceeds from                                                             
  issuance of                            —                —          9,318  
  common stock                                                              
  Proceeds from                                                             
  the issuance of                                                           
  Class A                                                                   
  common stock                       5,531            2,877              —  
  under employee                                                            
  stock                                                                     
  purchase plan                                                             
  Payments of                                                               
  deferred                        -124,184         -234,068        -17,586  
  acquisition                                                               
  costs                                                                     
  Payments of                                                               
  licensed asset                   -17,374          -17,970        -18,940  
  obligation                                                                
  Payments of                                                               
  related party                          —          -11,655              —  
  notes                                                                     
  Repurchases of                  -338,880                —         -1,766  
  common stock                                                              
  Payments of                                                               
  deferred IPO                           —                —         -2,744  
  costs                                                                     
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by                                                               
  (used in)                       -526,848        3,109,546        377,855  
  financing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Effect of                                                                 
  foreign exchange                                                          
  rate on cash,                                                             
  cash equivalents                  -4,477           -3,198            141  
  and restricted                                                            
  cash                                                                      
  equivalents                                                               
  Net increase                                                              
  (decrease) in                                                             
  cash, cash                    -1,490,020        2,253,269        -79,012  
  equivalents and                                                           
  restricted cash                                                           
  equivalents                                                               
  Cash, cash                                                                
  equivalents and                                                           
  restricted                                                                
  cash equivalents               2,570,504          317,235        396,247  
  at beginning of                                                           
  the                                                                       
  period                                                                    
  Cash, cash                                                                
  equivalents and                                                           
  restricted          $          1,080,484    $   2,570,504    $   317,235  
  cash equivalents                                                          
  at end of the                                                             
  period                                                                    
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     78                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                    
                                                                            
                               (In thousands)                               
                                                                            
  Supplemental                                                              
  non-cash investing                                                        
  and                                                                       
  financing                         Years Ended                             
  activities                       December 31,                             
  disclosures:                             2022          2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Conversion of                                                             
  convertible                                                               
  securities to          $                    —    $  392,170    $       —  
  Class A common                                                            
  stock                                                                     
  Issuance of                                                               
  convertible                                                               
  securities             $                    —    $  342,170    $  45,000  
  related to                                                                
  acquisitions                                                              
  Issuance of common                                                        
  stock and common                                                          
  stock warrants in      $              137,422    $        —    $  38,167  
  connection with                                                           
  acquisitions                                                              
  Acquisitions not       $               31,045    $   79,095    $  94,758  
  yet paid                                                                  
  Assets acquired not    $               33,566    $   25,640    $       —  
  yet paid                                                                  
  Right-of-use assets                                                       
  acquired under         $               46,108    $   20,497    $   7,475  
  finance leases                                                            
  Right-of-use assets                                                       
  acquired under         $                7,105    $    6,130    $  10,758  
  operating leases                                                          
  Proceeds from sale                                                        
  of long-lived          $                7,000    $        —    $       —  
  assets                                                                    
  not yet received                                                          
  Settlement of bonus                                                       
  compensation                                                              
  through                $                    —    $    2,503    $       —  
  issuance of common                                                        
  stock                                                                     
  Settlement of                                                             
  contingent                                                                
  consideration          $                    —    $        —    $  31,422  
  through issuance of                                                       
  common stock                                                              
  Deferred IPO costs     $                    —    $        —    $     888  
  not yet paid                                                              
  Accretion of                                                              
  interest on related    $                    —    $      595    $     553  
  party                                                                     
  promissory notes                                                          
  Common stock issued                                                       
  in exchange for                                                           
  redeemable             $                    —    $        —    $   1,500  
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest                                                                  
  Common stock                                                              
  warrant issued in      $                    —    $        —    $     433  
  connection with                                                           
  lease modification                                                        
  Supplemental                                                              
  disclosure of cash                                                        
  flow                                                                      
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for                                                             
  income taxes, net      $               86,264    $   90,616    $  12,666  
  of                                                                        
  refunds                                                                   
  Cash paid for          $              165,959    $   76,695    $  59,360  
  interest                                                                  
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     79                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
                            APPLOVIN CORPORATION                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  1.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Description of Business                                                   
                                                                            
AppLovin Corporation (the “Company” or “AppLovin”) was incorporated in the
state of Delaware on July 18, 2011. The Company is a leader in the mobile
app industry with a focus on building a software-based platform for mobile
app developers to improve the marketing and monetization of their apps. The
Company also has a globally diversified portfolio of apps—free-to-play
mobile games that it operates through its own or partner studios.

The Company is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has several
operating locations in the U.S. as well as various international office
locations in North America, South America, Asia, and Europe.
                                                                            
  2.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies                                
                                                                            
Principles of Consolidation — The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP"). Consolidated financial statements include
accounts and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries in which the
Company has a controlling financial interest. Consolidated financial
statements include accounts and operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries in which the Company has a controlling financial interest. In
accordance with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codifications ("ASC")
810, the Company consolidates any variable interest entities ("VIE") where
it is the primary beneficiary. The Company engages in business relationships
with certain entities in the ordinary course of business to develop game
Apps. The typical condition for a controlling financial interest ownership
is holding a majority of the voting interests of an entity; however, a
controlling financial interest may also exist in entities, such as VIEs,
through arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests. ASC
810 requires a variable interest holder to consolidate a VIE if that party
has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE’s economic performance and has the obligation to absorb
losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the
right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant
to the VIE. The Company does not consolidate a VIE when the Company is not
considered the primary beneficiary. The Company evaluates its relationships
with all VIEs on an ongoing basis. All intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Use of Estimates —The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. The Company bases its estimates on
assumptions, both historical and forward-looking, that are believed to be
reasonable. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates,
including, but not limited to, those related to fair values of intangible
assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and
equipment, expected period of consumption of virtual goods, expected life of
paying users, income and indirect taxes, contingent liabilities, evaluation
of recoverability of intangible assets and long-lived assets, goodwill
impairment, and fair value of derivatives and other financial instruments.
These estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual results could
differ materially from those estimates.

Risk and Uncertainties —The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties,
including, but not limited to, as a result of the warfare in Ukraine and
related sanctions against Russia, as well as, the COVID-19 pandemic. As of
the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the Company’s
results of operations have not been materially impacted. However, the future
impact of these events remains uncertain as the response to and information
related to these events is rapidly evolving. Economies worldwide have been
negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the events in Ukraine and
Russia are expected to have a further impact on the global economy. A
weakened global economy may negatively impact in-app purchasing decisions
and consumer buying decisions across the globe generally, which could
adversely affect advertiser activity. The full impact of these events on the
global economy and the extent to which these events may impact the Company’s
business, financial condition, and results of operations in the future
remains uncertain. The severity of the impact of the war in Ukraine, Russian
sanctions and the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business will depend on
a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration and
severity of these events and the extent and severity of the impact on the
Company’s customers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. The
Company’s future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely
impacted by delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts beyond
normal payment terms and uncertain demand.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers — The Company generates Software
Platform and Apps revenue. Software Platform revenue is generated primarily
from fees collected from advertisers and advertising networks who use the
Software Platform. The Company generates Apps revenue from both consumers
and business clients. IAP revenue is generated from in-app purchases
(“IAPs”) made by users within the Company’s apps (“Apps”). IAA revenue is
generated from advertisers that purchase ad inventory from Apps.
Software Platform Revenue
The vast majority of the Software Platform Revenue is generated through
AppDiscovery and MAX, which provides the technology to match advertisers and
owners of digital advertising inventory (“Publishers”) via auctions at large
scale and microsecond-level speeds. The terms for all mobile advertising
arrangements are governed by the Company’s terms and conditions and
generally stipulate payment terms of up to 60 days subsequent to the end of
the month. Substantially all of the Company's contracts with customers are
fully cancellable at any time or upon a short notice.
                                     80                                     
Table of Content s

Software Platform Revenue is generated by placing ads on mobile applications
owned by Publishers. The Company’s performance obligation is to provide
customers with access to the Software Platform, which facilitates the
advertiser’s purchase of ad inventory from Publishers. The Company does not
control the ad inventory prior to its transfer to the advertiser, because
the Company does not have the substantive ability to direct the use of nor
obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the ad inventory.
The Company is not primarily responsible for fulfillment and does not have
any inventory risk. The Company is an agent as it relates to the sale of
third-party advertising inventory and presents revenue on a net basis. The
transaction price is the product of either the number of completions of
agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed and the contractually agreed
upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser less consideration paid
or payable to Publishers. The Company recognizes Software Platform Revenue
when the agreed upon action is completed or when the ad is displayed to
users. The number of advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon
actions is determined at the end of each month, which resolves any
uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting period.

Software Platform Revenue also includes revenue generated by the Company's
mobile application tracking and attribution solutions that is recognized
ratably over the subscription period generally up to twelve months.

Apps Revenue

IAP Revenue

IAP Revenue includes fees collected from users to purchase virtual goods to
enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is
to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items
over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the
user or until the virtual item is consumed. Payment is required at the time
of purchase, and the purchase price is a fixed amount.

Users make IAPs through the Company’s distribution partners. The transaction
price is equal to the gross amount charged to users because the Company is
the principal in the transaction. IAPs fees are non-refundable. Such
payments are initially recorded as deferred revenue. The Company categorizes
its virtual goods as either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods
represent goods that can be consumed by a specific player action in
gameplay; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of
consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed. Durable virtual goods
represent goods that are accessible to the user over an extended period of
time; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable
virtual goods ratably over the period of time the goods are available to the
user, which is generally the estimated average user life (“EAUL”).

The EAUL represents the Company’s best estimate of the expected life of
paying users for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when a user makes the
first purchase of durable virtual goods and ends when a user is determined
to be inactive. The Company determines the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For
a newly launched game with limited playing data, the Company determines its
EAUL based on the EAUL of a game with sufficiently similar characteristics.

The Company determines the EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such
calculated EAUL to all bookings in the respective quarter. Determining the
EAUL is subjective and requires management’s judgment. Future playing
patterns may differ from historical playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL
may change in the future. The EAULs are generally between 6 and 9 months.

IAA Revenue

IAA Revenue is generated by selling ad inventory on the Company's Apps to
third-party advertisers. Advertisers purchase ad inventory either through
the Software Platform or through third-party advertising networks (“Ad
Networks”). Revenue from the sale of ad inventory through Ad Networks is
recognized net of the amounts retained by Ad Networks as the Company is
unable to determine the gross amount paid by the advertisers to Ad Networks.
The Company recognizes revenue when the ad is displayed to users.

The Company presents taxes collected from customers and remitted to
governmental authorities on a net basis.

Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table presents revenue disaggregated by segment and type (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                                Year Ended                                  
                              December 31,                                  
                                      2022            2021            2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Software Platform        $     1,049,167    $    673,952    $    207,285  
  Revenue                                                                   
  In-App Purchases               1,179,133       1,458,595         739,934  
  Revenue                                                                   
  In-App Advertising               588,758         660,557         503,867  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Total Apps Revenue             1,767,891       2,119,152       1,243,801  
  Total Revenue            $     2,817,058    $  2,793,104    $  1,451,086  
                                                                            
                                     81                                     
Table of Content s
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location, consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                        
                            Year Ended                                  
                          December 31,                                  
                                  2022            2021            2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States        $     1,728,958    $  1,687,080    $    895,987  
  Rest of the World          1,088,100       1,106,024         555,099  
  Total Revenue        $     2,817,058    $  2,793,104    $  1,451,086  
                                                                        
Contract Balances

Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments
received in advance of the satisfaction of performance obligations. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized $
78.6million and $ 86.9million of revenue that was included in deferred
revenue as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Unsatisfied Performance Obligations

Substantially all of the Company’s unsatisfied performance obligations
relate to contracts with an original expected length of one year or less.

Publisher Bonuses

In the first quarter of 2022, the Company paid or promised to pay a total of
$ 209.6million in bonuses to publishers consisting primarily of non-
recurring bonuses to migrate publishers to MAX, the Company's own in-app
mediation platform. The Company accounted for such publisher bonuses as a
reduction to revenue since the publishers receiving such bonuses are also
customers of the Company.

Cash and Cash Equivalents —Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of
cash on deposit with banks and investments in money market funds with
maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase.

Restricted Cash Equivalents —The Company classifies cash equivalents that
are legally or contractually restricted for withdrawal or usage as
restricted cash equivalents. Restricted cash equivalents as of December 31,
2021 consisted of investments in certain money market fund of funds held in
an escrow account related to the MoPub acquisition, which was closed in
January 2022.

Non-Marketable Equity Investments —Non-marketable equity securities are
investments without readily determinable fair values that are recorded using
a measurement alternative measured at cost less any impairment, plus or
minus changes resulting from qualifying observable price changes. An
impairment loss is recorded when an event or circumstance indicates a
decline in value has occurred. For certain of these securities, the Company
has elected to apply the net asset value (NAV) practical expedient. The NAV
is the estimated fair value of these investments. See Note 3, Fair Value
Measurements for additional information.

Accounts Receivable, net —The Company records accounts receivable at the
invoiced amount, maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for
potentially uncollectible receivables, and reviews accounts receivable
periodically to identify specific customers with known disputes or
collectability issues. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the allowance for
doubtful accounts was not material.

Derivatives —The Company accounts for derivative instruments at fair value
within its consolidated balance sheets, and the accounting treatment for
each derivative is based on its hedge designation. The Company does not
enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
Changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated as cash flow
hedges are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
until earnings are affected by the variability of cash flows. Changes in the
fair value of non-designated derivatives are recorded immediately through
earnings. The Company’s policy for classifying cash flows from derivatives
is to report the cash flows consistent with the underlying hedged item . For
each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the
derivative instruments, including their impact to the Company's consolidated
statements of operations were not material. See Note 3, Fair Value
Measurements for additional information.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments —The Company uses a three-tier fair
value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, in periods subsequent to
their initial measurement. The hierarchy requires the Company to use
observable inputs when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when determining fair value. The three tiers are defined as follows:
Level 1 —Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for
identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 —Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are
observable either directly or indirectly.
Level 3 —Unobservable inputs of which there is little or no market data,
which require the Company to develop its own assumptions.
                                     82                                     
Table of Content s
Concentration of Credit Risk and Uncertainties —The Company’s financial
instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist
primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and
accounts receivable. The Company places its cash deposits with large,
reputable financial institutions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company maintained cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (“FDIC”) insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of money
market funds that are composed of U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government
securities.
The Company’s accounts receivable balance is derived from both domestic and
international sales. The Company reviews its exposure to accounts receivable
credit risk and generally requires no collateral for its accounts
receivable.
The Company uses various distribution partners to collect and remit payments
from users of Apps for virtual goods. As of December 31, 2022,
nodistribution partners accounted for 10% of the accounts receivable, net.
As of December 31, 2021, two distribution partners accounted for 10% and 10%
of the accounts receivable, net.
The Company had one customer which accounted for 12% of the Company's
accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2022. The balance was collected
in full during the first quarter of 2023. Noindividual customer accounted
for 10% or more of the Company’s accounts receivable, net as of December 31,
2021.
Noindividual customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s revenue
during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
Property and Equipment, net —Property and equipment are stated at cost, net
of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-
line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is as
follows:
                                                                            
                            Useful Life                                     
  Computer equipment        3-5years                                        
  Software and licenses     3years                                          
  Furniture and fixtures    3-5years                                        
  Leasehold improvements    Over the shorter of useful life (up to10years)  
                            or lease term                                   
                                                                            
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated
depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations in the period realized.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.
Leases — Leases consist of real estate property, network and other
equipment. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease
at inception. Operating and finance lease right-of-use assets and
liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the
present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments consist
primarily of the fixed payments under the arrangement, less any lease
incentives. The Company generally uses an incremental borrowing rate
estimated based on the information available at the lease commencement date
to determine the present value of lease payments unless the implicit rate is
readily determinable. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-
line basis over the lease terms. Finance lease assets are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the
assets or the lease terms.
The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components as a single lease
component of contracts for real estate property leases and does not
recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with a term
of 12 months or less. Generally, the lease term is based on non-cancelable
lease term when determining the lease assets and liabilities. The lease
terms may include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease
when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Payments
under our lease arrangements are primarily fixed, however, certain lease
agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not
included in the lease right-of-use assets and liabilities. Variable lease
payments are primarily comprised of real estate taxes, common area
maintenance, and insurance.
Deferred Offering Costs — Deferred offering costs, which consist primarily
of accounting, legal and other fees directly attributable to the Company’s
initial public offering (“IPO”), were initially capitalized in other assets
on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. After the completion of the
IPO, the Company presented deferred offering costs in stockholders’ equity
as a reduction of the IPO proceeds.

Segment Reporting — The Company's chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is
the Chief Executive Officer who manages the business, allocates resources
and assesses operating performance based on financial information presented
for each of the twooperating segments: Software Platform and Apps. Both
operating segments are also individual reportable segments. For information
regarding reportable segments, see Note 14 - Segments and Geographic
Information.

Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations —The Company performs an
initial test to determine whether substantially all of the fair value of the
gross assets transferred are concentrated in a single identifiable asset or
a group of similar identifiable assets, such that the acquisition would not
represent a business. If that test suggests that the set of assets and
activities is a business, the Company then performs a second test to
evaluate whether the assets and activities transferred include inputs and
substantive processes that together, significantly contribute to the ability
to create outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of the
second test suggests that the acquired assets and activities constitute a
business, the Company accounts for the transaction as a business
combination.
                                     83                                     
Table of Content s

For transactions accounted for as business combinations, the Company
allocates the fair value of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets
acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their
estimated fair value. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of
any promised contingent consideration. The excess of the fair value of
acquisition consideration over the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Contingent
consideration is remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with
changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded in general
and administrative expenses. Such valuations require management to make
significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible
assets. Significant estimates and assumptions in valuing certain
identifiable intangible assets include, but are not limited to, forecasted
revenue and discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value are based
upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently
uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from
estimates. In certain circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase
price are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to
revision when the Company receives final information, including appraisals
and other analyses. During the measurement period, which is one year from
the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill.
Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments
are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired on the basis
of relative fair values. The Company generally includes contingent
consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only when the uncertainty
is resolved. The Company recognizes contingent consideration adjustments to
the cost of the acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line method
over the remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in
asset acquisitions.

Services and Development Agreements —The Company enters into strategic
agreements with mobile gaming studios (“Partner Studios”). The Company has
historically allowed these Partner Studios to continue their operations with
a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, the Company bought Apps
from Partner Studios and entered into service and development agreements
whereby Partner Studios provide support in improving existing Apps and
developing new Apps. The substantial majority of payments associated with
service agreements for existing Apps are expensed to research and
development when the services are rendered as the payments primarily relate
to developing enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps associated
with development agreements are generally made in connection with the
development of a particular App, and therefore, the Company is subject to
development risk prior to the release of the App. Accordingly, payments that
are due prior to completion of an App are generally expensed to research and
development over the development period as the services are incurred.
Payments due after completion of an App are generally capitalized and
expensed as cost of revenue. For additional information, see Note 6 -
Acquisitions and Dispositions .

Software Development Costs —The Company incurs development costs related to
internal-use software and the development of Apps. The Company reviews
software development costs on a quarterly basis to determine if the costs
qualify for capitalization. The Company typically follows an agile and
iterative development process. As a result, the preliminary project stage
remains ongoing until just prior to launch, at which time final feature
selection occurs. As such, software development costs do not meet the
criteria for capitalization and are expensed as incurred to research and
development expenses. The software development costs the Company capitalized
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were insignificant. The
Company did notcapitalize any software development costs during the year
ended December 31, 2020.

Goodwill —Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment
on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if the
Company believes indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events that may
indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse
change in customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of
goodwill or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When conducting
quantitative annual goodwill impairment assessments, the Company compares
the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying value. If the
carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the Company
records a goodwill impairment. The lesser of (i) the entire amount by which
the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value or (ii) the
carrying value of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit is recorded as
an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
noimpairment of goodwill has been identified.
Intangible Assets —This consists of identifiable intangible assets,
primarily Apps, user base, developed technology, customer relationships and
intellectual property licenses resulting from acquisitions. Acquired
intangible assets are recorded at cost, net of accumulated amortization. The
Company’s estimates of useful lives of intangible assets are based on cash
flow forecasts which incorporate various assumptions, including forecasted
user acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level of user engagement.
Intangible assets also include costs of intellectual property that the
Company licenses from third parties for use of their content in the
Company’s game. The licensing agreements include license payments, which are
due over the terms of the agreements. The Company recognizes these license
payments as a license asset and a license obligation at the fair value on
the contract date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The amortization
of the licensed asset is recorded in cost of revenue on a straight-line
basis over the remaining license terms. The classification of the license
obligations between current and long-term is based on the expected timing of
the payments to the licensor.
                                     84                                     
Table of Content s

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets —The Company reviews long-lived assets that
are held and used for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. If such
circumstances are present, the Company assesses the recoverability of the
long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value to the undiscounted future
cash flows associated with the related assets. If the future net
undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the
assets are considered impaired and an expense equal to the amount required
to reduce the carrying value of the assets to the estimated fair value is
recorded as an impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated
statements of operations. Significant judgment is required to estimate the
amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving
those cash flows. Assumptions and estimates about future values and
remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be
affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as
industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in the
Company’s business strategy and internal forecasts. For example, if future
operating results do not meet current forecasts, the Company may be required
to record future impairment charges for acquired intangible assets.
Additional factors which significantly affect future cash flows related to
long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, forecasted user
acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level of user engagement.
Significant changes in these factors may require the Company to reassess
recoverability of long-lived assets and record impairment. Impairment
charges could materially decrease future net income and result in lower
asset values on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. There were
nomaterial impairment charges related to long-lived assets that are held and
used for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

The Company classifies an asset as held for sale when management commits to
a formal plan to actively market the asset for sale at a price reasonable in
relation to fair value, the asset is available for immediate sale in its
present condition, an active program to locate a buyer and other actions
required to complete the sale have been initiated, the sale of the asset and
the transfer is expected to be completed within one year and it is unlikely
that significant changes will be made to the plan. Upon classification as
held for sale, the Company recognizes the asset at the lower of its carrying
value or its estimated fair value, less costs to sell. In addition, the
Company ceases to record depreciation or amortization for assets that are
classified as held for sale. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the
Company classified certain assets within the Apps reportable segment as held
for sale and recognized a total impairment charge of $ 53.0million,
representing t he excess of the assets' carrying value over their estimated
fair value, less cost to sell, in cost of revenue in the Company's
consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 , the
carrying value of assets held for sale was not material. No assets were
classified as held for sale in 2021 or 2020.

Cost of Revenue —Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees related to IAP Revenue and paid to the Company’s
distribution partners, amortization of intangible assets related to acquired
technology and Apps, and expenses associated with operating network
infrastructure which include bandwidth, energy, and other equipment costs
related to the co-located data centers and costs for third-party cloud
service providers.

Sales and Marketing —Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses, sales incentives, and
amortization of acquired separately-identifiable user-related intangible
assets. Related costs associated with these functions such as, marketing
programs, travel, customer service costs as well as allocated facilities and
information technology costs are also included in sales and marketing
expenses. Costs for advertising are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs,
which consist primarily of user acquisition costs, totaled $ 665.9million, $
983.7million, and $ 550.9million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively.

Research and Development —Research and development expenses include new
product development costs such as salaries and employee benefits, consulting
costs, stock-based compensation, regulatory compliance costs as well as
allocated facilities and information technology costs.

General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses include
costs associated with the Company’s finance, accounting, legal, human
resources, and administrative personnel. Related costs associated with these
functions, such as attorney and accounting fees, recruiting services,
administrative services, insurance, travel, as well as allocated facilities
and information technology costs are also included in general and
administrative expenses.
Stock-Based Compensation —The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
based on the fair value of awards as of the grant date. The Company
recognizes stock-based compensation expense on the straight-line basis over
the requisite service period and accounts for forfeitures as they occur.
Prior to IPO, the fair value of employee stock options were estimated using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires use of various
assumptions including the expected term, the expected stock price
volatility, and the risk- free interest rate. The Company estimated the
expected term using the simplified method which was based on the mid-point
between the weighted-average time to vesting and the contractual maturity.
The Company estimated the volatility of its common stock on the date of
grant based on the weighted average historical stock price volatility of
comparable publicly-traded companies. The risk-free interest rate assumption
was based on the U.S. Treasury instruments whose term was consistent with
the expected term of the Company’s stock options.
Following the IPO, the Company has only granted RSUs for which the fair
value is established based on the closing price of the Company's publicly
traded Class A common stock on the date of grant.
The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to shares
issued pursuant to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") on a straight-
line basis over the offering period, which is generally 24months. The
Company estimates the fair value of shares to be issued under the ESPP using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
                                     85                                     
Table of Content s

For the years ended 2021 and 2020, stock-based compensation expense also
included liability classified options to employees that were subject to be
settled in the stock of one of the Company’s subsidiaries. The Company did
not incur stock based compensation expense related to liability classified
options during the year ended 2022.
Income Taxes —The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and
liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the financial statements. Under this method, the Company
determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the
differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on
deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period
that includes the enactment date.
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the
Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including
future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future
taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations.
If the Company determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax
assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment
to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the
provision for income taxes.
The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than
not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical
merits of the position; and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-
likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest
amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon
ultimate settlement with a tax authority.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the
related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheets.
Foreign Currency Transactions —Generally, the functional currency of our
international subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. In cases where the functional
currency is not the U.S. dollar, the Company translates the financial
statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at
the prevailing consolidated balance sheet date for assets and liabilities,
and average exchange rates during the period for revenue and costs and
expenses. The Company records translation gains and losses in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders’ equity.
The Company reflects foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting
from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency,
which includes gains and losses from the remeasurement of assets and
liabilities, as a component of other income (expense), net.

Comprehensive Income (Loss) —Comprehensive income (loss) is composed of net
income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive
income (loss) consists of gains and losses on cash flow hedges and foreign
currency translation adjustments.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders —Basic and
diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders is
presented under the two-class method required for participating securities.
The Company considers convertible preferred stock, options exercised in
exchange for nonrecourse promissory notes, early exercised unvested stock
options and unvested restricted stock awards to be participating securities.
Under the two-class method, the net loss attributable to common stockholders
is not allocated to participating securities as the holders of these
instruments do not have a contractual obligation to share in the Company’s
losses. Net income is attributed to common stockholders and participating
securities based on the respective participation rights. Basic net loss per
share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net
loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per
share attributable to common stockholders adjusts basic earnings per share
for the effect of potentially dilutive impact of securities.

Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests —For less-
than-wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries, noncontrolling interest is the
portion of equity not attributable, directly or indirectly, to AppLovin. The
Company evaluates whether noncontrolling interests possess any redemption
features outside of our control. If such features exist, the noncontrolling
interests are presented outside of permanent equity on the consolidated
balance sheets within redeemable noncontrolling interest. The Company report
revenues, expenses and net income (loss) from less-than-wholly-owned
consolidated subsidiaries at the consolidated amounts, including both the
amounts attributable to the Company and noncontrolling interests; the income
or loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest holders is reflected in
net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interest on the
consolidated statements of operation. Redeemable noncontrolling interests
are adjusted to the greater of their fair value or carrying value as of each
balance sheet date.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted) — In June
2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement of Equity
Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The ASU clarifies that
a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not
considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and,
therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The ASU also clarifies
that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure
a contractual sale restriction and requires specific disclosures for equity
securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. These changes will
become effective for the Company on January 1, 2024. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact of these changes.
                                     86                                     
Table of Content s

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted) — In August 2020, the
FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and
Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity, to simplify the accounting for certain
financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity,
including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity’s own equity.
The standard eliminates beneficial conversion feature and cash conversion
models resulting in more convertible instruments being accounted for as a
single unit; and simplifies classification of debt on the balance sheet and
earnings per share calculation. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1,
2022 with no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business
Combinations—Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from
Contracts with Customers . This ASU clarifies that an acquirer of a business
should recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a
business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The
Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2022 with no material impact on the
consolidated financial statements.
                                                                            
  3.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Fair Value Measurements                                                   
                                                                            
The following table sets forth the Company’s financial instruments that were
measured at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy on a
recurring basis as of the dates indicated (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2022                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                 Level   
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2       3       
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset…                                                                    
  Unres…                                                                    
  Balan…                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $  604,399    $  604,399    $        —    $  —       
  funds…    cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
            Prepaid                                                         
  Inter…    expens…                                                         
  rate      and        $    7,319    $        —    $    7,319    $  —       
  swap      other                                                           
            current                                                         
            assets                                                          
  Total                                                                     
  finan…               $  611,718    $  604,399    $    7,319    $  —       
  assets                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2021                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                 Level   
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2       3       
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset:                                                                    
  Unres…                                                                    
  Balan…                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $  1,070,…    $  1,070,…    $  —          $  —       
  funds…    cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
            Prepaid                                                         
  Marke…    expens…                                                         
  equity    and        $    2,532    $    2,532    $  —          $  —       
  secur…    other                                                           
            current                                                         
            assets                                                          
  Restr…                                                                    
  Balan…                                                                    
  Money     Restri…                                                         
  market    cash       $  1,050,…    $  1,050,…    $  —          $  —       
  funds     equiva…                                                         
  Total                                                                     
  finan…               $  2,123,…    $  2,123,…    $  —          $  —       
  assets                                                                    
                                                                            
(1) Includes balances in money market deposit accounts of $ 524million and $
921million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.
Interest Rate Swap

On October 3, 2022, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement
as part of its interest rate risk management strategy in connection with the
Initial Term Loans under the Amended Credit Agreement (see Note 9 - Credit
Agreement). The swap was a receive-variable (one-month LIBOR) and pay-fixed
( 4.3923%) interest rate swap with settlement date commencing on the last
calendar day of each month and reset date on first day of each month
beginning November 30, 2022. The notional amount for the swap matches the
amount of outstanding principal of the Initial Term Loans over the term of
the swap. The Company did not designate the swap as a hedging instrument for
accounting purposes and recorded unrealized gains and losses associated with
the swap immediately through earnings in interest expense and loss on
settlement of debt in the Company's statement of operations. The fair value
of the interest rate swap is determined using widely accepted valuation
techniques including discounted cash flow analysis based on the expected
cash flows of the interest rate swap. The Company has determined that the
significant inputs, such as interest yield curve and discount rate, used to
value its interest rate swap fall within Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy. The Company recognized a $ 7.3million unrealized gain on the swap
during the year ended December 31, 2022.
                                     87                                     
Table of Content s

Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Net Asset Value

The Company held equity interests in certain private equity funds of $
32.3million a nd $ 3.2million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
respectively, which are measured using the net asset value practical
expedient. Under the net asset value practical expedient, the Company
records investments based on the proportionate share of the underlying
funds’ net asset value as of the Company's reporting date. These investments
are included in other assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets.

These funds vary in investment strategies and generally have an initial term
of 7to 10years, which may be extended for 2to 3additional years with the
applicable approval. These investments are subject to certain restrictions
regarding transfers and withdrawals and generally cannot be redeemed with
the funds. Distributions from the funds will be received as the underlying
investments are liquidated. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss is
limited to the carrying value of these investments of $ 32.3million and the
unfunded commitments of $ 50.1million as of December 31, 2022.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made total capital
contributions of $ 28.4million related to these investments. The Company
recorded an immaterial unrealized gain related to these investments for each
of years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring
Basis

During 2022, the Company purchased certain non-marketable equity securities
for total proceeds of $ 38.0million. Non-marketable equity securities are
investments in privately held companies without readily determinable fair
values. The Company elected the measurement alternative to account for these
investments. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value of the
non-marketable equity securities are adjusted based on price changes from
observable transactions of identical or similar securities of the same
issuer or for impairment. Any changes in carrying value are recorded within
other income (expense), net in the Company's consolidated statement of
operations. There was no change in the carrying value of the non-marketable
equity securities since their acquisitions. These investments are included
in other assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company
had no such investments as of December 31, 2021.
                                                                            
  4. Supplemental Financial Statement Information                           
                                                                            
Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                      
                                          December 31,                
                                                  2022          2021  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment                   $       106,215    $   77,730  
  Leasehold improvements                        17,380        18,640  
  Furniture and fixtures                         3,650         3,686  
  Software and licenses                            156         3,211  
  Total property and equipment                 127,401       103,267  
  Less: accumulated depreciation               -48,858       -39,659  
  Total property and equipment, net    $        78,543    $   63,608  
                                                                      
Depreciation expenses were $ 29.3million, $ 25.6million and $ 14.2million
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Accrued liabilities consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                         
                                             December 31,                
                                                     2022          2021  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax accruals and withholdings           $        81,957    $   67,159  
  Compensation and related liabilities             24,302        32,862  
  Finance lease liabilities                        22,304        21,999  
  Accrued expenses and other                       19,238        11,750  
  Total accrued liabilities               $       147,801    $  133,770  
                                                                         
                                     88                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  5.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Commitments and Contingencies                                             
                                                                            
Commitments —As of December 31, 2022, the Company's non-cancelable minimum
purchase commitments totaled $ 480.6million, which consisted primarily of a
certain arrangement related to cloud platform services. In May 2022, the
Company entered into a new order form under an existing master agreement
that required the Company to purchase at least $ 550.0million of cloud
services throug h May 2025. The Company made payments of $ 79.4million and $
55.0million under this arrangement for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. Purchases made under this arrangement were notmaterial
for the year ended December 31, 2020.
Future minimum payments under these non-cancelable purchase commitments with
a remaining term in excess of one year were as follows (in thousands):
                                                        
  2023                             $  210,687           
  2024                                         191,470  
  2025                                          78,253  
  2026                                             146  
  2027                                      —           
  Total non-cancelable purchase    $  480,556           
  commitments                                           
                                                        
In addition, the Company had total unfunded commitments of $ 50.1million
related to investments in certain private equity funds. For additional
information, see Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements.

Contingencies —From time to time, the Company may have certain contingent
liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. The
Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future
expenditures will be made, and such expenditures can be reasonably
estimated.

Letters of Credit —As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
outstanding letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $ 11.1million,
which were issued as security for certain leased office facilities under the
Credit Agreement. These letters of credit have never been drawn upon. For
additional information, see Note 9 - Credit Agreement.

Legal Proceedings —The Company is involved from time to time in litigation,
claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s legal proceedings are
inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainty.

The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been
incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is determined
that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be
estimated, the reasonably possible loss is disclosed. The Company evaluates
developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that
has been previously accrued, and related reasonably possible losses
disclosed, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is
required to determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount of
a loss related to such matters. To date, losses in connection with legal
proceedings have not been material.

The Company expenses legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.

Indemnifications —The Company enters into indemnification provisions under
agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including
certain customers, business partners, investors, contractors and the
Company’s officers, directors and certain employees. It is not possible to
determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provisions
due to the Company’s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the
unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To
date, losses recorded in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations
in connection with the indemnification provisions have not been material. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any material indemnification
claims that were probable or reasonably possible.

Non-income Taxes —The Company may be subject to audit by various tax
authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of
non-income tax audits primarily arises from different interpretations on tax
treatment and tax rates applied. The Company accrues liabilities for non-
income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated
agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and
reasonably estimable. If a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range
of loss can be estimated, the Company discloses the reasonably possible
loss.
                                                                            
  6.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Acquisitions and Dispositions                                             
                                                                            
2022 Acquisitions

Business Combinations
Wurl—On April 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of all of the
equity interests of Wurl, Inc. ("Wurl"), a connected TV (CTV) software
platform company, for a total purchase price of $ 378.2million, consisting
of $ 219.3million in cash, 2,579,692shares of the Company's Class A common
stock valued at $ 137.4million and a deferred payment of $ 22.7million, with
a present value of $ 21.5million at the closing of the acquisition, relating
to an indemnity holdback amount to be paid in 18months following the
transaction close date, less any eligible claims against Wurl paid by
AppLovin. The transaction is expected to enable the Company to expand into
the connected TV market. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a
business combination. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in
connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were $
1.9million.
                                     89                                     
Table of Content s
The following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the purchase
price to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in
thousands):
                                                                 
  Cash and cash equivalents                          $      400  
  Accounts receivable and other current assets           15,194  
  Intangible assets                                              
  Customer Relationships—estimated useful life           41,000  
  of15years                                                      
  Developed Technology—estimated useful life             60,500  
  of6years                                                       
  Tradename—estimated useful life of10years              14,700  
  Goodwill                                              264,149  
  Property and equipment, net                               363  
  Other assets                                              159  
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other       -12,854  
  current liabilities                                            
  Deferred revenue                                         -209  
  Deferred income tax liability                          -5,235  
  Total purchase consideration                       $  378,167  
                                                                 
The above allocation of the purchase price is still provisional and subject
to change within the measurement period, including potential adjustments to
deferred tax balances. The final allocation of the purchase price is
expected to be completed as soon as practicable, but no later than one year
from the date of the acquisition close. During the current year, the Company
recognized an increase of $ 2.2million of deferred tax liability related to
measurement period adjustments, with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill.
Such measurement period adjustments are reflected in the table above.

The income approach was used to determine the preliminary fair value of the
customer relationships, developed technology, and tradename. Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the preliminary fair value
of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition
date and is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected
synergies at the time of the acquisition. For tax purposes, no tax
deductible goodwill was generated as a result of this acquisition.

Contemporaneously with entering into the definitive agreement, the Company
also adopted a multi-year performance-based incentive plan for certain key
employees of Wurl, under which the key employees may earn up to a total of $
600.0million in additional shares of the Company's Class A common stock
through 2025, contingent upon the achievement of certain revenue and other
performance targets by the acquired business and the continued employment of
such key employees between 2023 and 2025. Such plan became effective at the
closing of the transaction.

The Company’s consolidated statement of operations as of December 31, 2022,
includes Wurl's revenue of $ 35.0million and pre-tax loss of $ 11.8million
for the period from the acquisition date of April 1, 2022 to December 31,
2022.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro Forma
Information".

MoPub—On January 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition from
Twitter, Inc. of certain assets that comprised of its MoPub business for a
total purchase price of $ 1.03billion in cash. The acquisition allows the
Company to integrate certain product features of the MoPub platform into
MAX, the Company's own in-app mediation platform, and migrate publishers and
demand partners from the MoPub platform to MAX. The Company accounted for
the acquisition as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred by the
Company in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees,
were $ 14.4million.

The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase consideration
to the fair value of the assets acquired (in thousands):
                                                                  
  Intangible assets                                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Advertiser Relationships—estimated useful life    $    212,700  
  of9years                                                        
  Publisher Relationships—estimated useful life          123,300  
  of9years                                                        
  Developed Technology—estimated useful life              61,800  
  of5years                                                        
  Tradename—estimated useful life of3months                   60  
  Goodwill                                               632,472  
  Total purchase consideration                      $  1,030,332  
                                                                  
The income approach was used to determine the fair value of the advertiser
relationships, publisher relationships, developed technology and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the preliminary
fair value of identifiable assets acquired at the acquisition date and is
primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at
the time of the acquisition. For tax purposes, an estimated tax deductible
goodwill of $ 694.5million was generated as a result of this acquisition.
Noliabilities were assumed in the transaction.
                                     90                                     
Table of Content s

Contemporaneously with the signing of the asset purchase agreement, the
Company entered into an agreement for Twitter, Inc. to provide certain
transitional services to facilitate the migration of publishers and demand
partners to MAX during a three-month transitional period following the
closing of the transaction (the "TSA"). The Company accounted for the TSA as
a transaction separate from the business combination since it was negotiated
primarily for the benefit of the Company. In the first quarter of 2022, the
Company recognized total expense of $ $ 7.0million related to the
transitional services, which was included primarily in cost of revenue in
the Company's consolidated statement of operations.

Due to the significant integration of the MoPub business with MAX, it was
impractical to determine the impact of the acquired business on revenue or
earnings.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro Forma
Information".

Asset Acquisitions

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized total earn-
out costs of $ 104.2million, related to asset acquisitions closed in 2021
and prior. No other asset acquisition was completed during 2022.

2021 Acquisitions

Business Combinations

On April 20, 2021, the Company acquired adjust GmbH (“Adjust”), a mobile
application tracking and analytics company. The Company purchased all of the
outstanding shares of the capital stock of Adjust and settled all of
Adjust’s debt for the stated purchase consideration of $ 980.0million, which
was composed of $ 352.0million stated value of convertible securities
convertible into a variable number of shares of the Company's Class A common
stock at a variable conversion price, $ 50.0million of cash holdback, and
remaining amount of $ 578.0million in cash consideration. The fair value of
the convertible securities and fair value of the cash holdback are estimated
to be $ 342.2million and $ 47.6million, respectively. As such, the fair
value of the acquisition consideration is determined to be $ 967.8million.
The transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Software solutions and
has been accounted for as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred
by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including professional
fees, were $ 3.1million.

The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase consideration
to the acquisition-date fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed (in thousands):
                                                                 
  Cash and cash equivalents                          $   12,155  
  Accounts receivable and other current assets           21,840  
  Intangible assets                                              
  Customer Relationships—estimated useful life          155,000  
  of12years                                                      
  Developed Technology—estimated useful life             77,000  
  of6years                                                       
  Tradename—estimated useful life of5years                8,000  
  Goodwill                                              776,147  
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                     8,130  
  Property and equipment, net                             1,897  
  Finance lease right-of-use assets                      43,156  
  Other assets                                            3,191  
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other       -15,540  
  current liabilities                                            
  Deferred revenue                                       -5,600  
  Operating lease liabilities                            -8,130  
  Finance lease liabilities                             -43,156  
  Deferred income tax liability                         -66,273  
  Total purchase consideration                       $  967,817  
                                                                 
The income approach was used to determine the fair value of the customer
relationships, developed technology and tradename. Goodwill represents the
excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. For tax purposes, an estimated tax deductible goodwill
of $ 692.5million was generated as a result of this acquisition.

The Company’s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2021 includes Adjust’s revenue of $ 77.9million and pre-tax
loss of $ 37.1million for the period from the acquisition date of April 20,
2021 to December 31, 2021.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro Forma
Information".

In May 2021, the convertible securities were converted into 6,320,688shares
of the Company's Class A common stock with a fair value of $ 342.2million.
As a result, the fair value of the convertible securities was reclassified
into the stockholders' equity.
                                     91                                     
Table of Content s

Asset Acquisitions

In April 2021, the Company completed twoseparate transactions to acquire
certain mobile Apps from twoforeign-based independent mobile game developers
in exchange for an aggregate upfront cash consideration of $ 300.0million
and potential future earn-out payments. The Company incurred a total
transaction cost of $ 6.0million related to these transactions. Both
transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions with $ 306.0million
allocated to the acquired mobile Apps, which will be amortized over
approximately eight years. Concurrent with the closings of these
transactions, the Company entered into a development services agreement with
each of the independent mobile game developers to support the acquired
mobile Apps, as well as to develop new mobile Apps during the four-yearterm
of the agreement. With respect to the first transaction, the potential
future earn-out payments are contingent on the revenue generated by the
acquired mobile Apps exceeding a certain revenue threshold, which will be
measured and payable (if applicable) each year for four yearsfrom the date
of the transaction. With respect to the second transaction, the potential
future earn-out payments will be determined in a manner similar to the first
transaction, in addition to a potential one-time earn-out payment of $
50.0million contingent on the achievement of a certain monthly revenue
milestone within the four yearsfollowing the date of the transaction.

In June 2021, the Company acquired certain mobile Apps from a foreign-based
independent mobile game developer in exchange for an upfront cash
consideration of $ 130.0million and future earn-out payments. The Company
incurred a total transaction cost of $ 4.0million related to the
transaction. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with
$ 134.0million allocated to the acquired mobile Apps, which will be
amortized over nine years. Concurrent with the closing of the transaction,
the Company entered into a development services agreement with the
independent mobile game developer to support the acquired mobile Apps, as
well as to develop new mobile Apps during the four-yearterm of the
agreement. With respect to all initially acquired mobile Apps, the potential
future earn-out payments are contingent on the revenue and/or earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") generated
by the acquired mobile Apps exceeding certain thresholds.

In August 2021, the Company acquired certain mobile Apps from a foreign-
based independent mobile game developer in exchange for a total cash
consideration of $ 150.0million. The transaction was accounted for as an
asset acquisition with $ 150.0million allocated to the acquired mobile Apps,
which will be amortized over six years.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also completed a number
of other asset acquisitions for an aggregate cash consideration of $
53.7million, as well as potential future earn-out payments that are
contingent on the revenue and/or profit generated by the acquired mobile
Apps.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized total earn-
out costs of $ 116.6million, of which $ 77.1million and $ 14.8million
related to asset acquisitions that were closed in 2020 and 2019,
respectively. These earn-out costs increased the book value of the acquired
mobile Apps, and are amortized over the remaining useful life of the
originally acquired mobile Apps.

In January 2021, the Company paid $ 60.0million to Recoded, an independent
foreign-based mobile game developer, in relation to a new mobile App
acquired in 2020. In February 2021, the Company paid an additional $
90.0million to Recoded related to deferred cash consideration for an asset
acquisition closed in 2019.

Supplemental Pro Forma Information
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information below presents the combined
historical results of operations of the Company, Adjust, the MoPub business,
Wurl, and Machine Zone, an acquisition completed in May 2020, for each of
the periods presented as if Wurl and the MoPub business had been acquired as
of January 1, 2021, Adjust had been acquired as of January 1, 2020, and
Machine Zone had been acquired on January 1, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                Year Ended                                  
                              December 31,                                  
                                      2022            2021            2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue             $          2,826,090    $  3,036,661    $  1,625,476  
  Net income                      -184,317          25,940        -179,415  
  (loss)                                                                    
                                                                            
                                     92                                     
Table of Content s

The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above includes the
following adjustments to net income (loss) in the appropriate pro forma
periods (in thousands):
                                                                            
                           Year Ended December                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2022          2021          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  An (increase) in                                                          
  amortization                                                              
  expense                                                                   
  related to the                                                            
  fair value of                                                             
  acquired                                                                  
  identifiable          $               -3,512    $  -73,121    $  -48,006  
  intangible assets,                                                        
  net of                                                                    
  the amortization                                                          
  expense already                                                           
  reflected in                                                              
  actual historical                                                         
  results                                                                   
  A decrease                                                                
  (increase) in         $                7,000    $   -7,000    $        —  
  expenses                                                                  
  related to the TSA                                                        
  A net increase in                                                         
  revenue related to    $                    —    $    1,902    $   54,126  
  fair value                                                                
  adjustment                                                                
  A decrease                                                                
  (increase) in                                                             
  expenses              $               16,899    $   -7,341    $   -2,327  
  related to                                                                
  transaction                                                               
  expenses                                                                  
  A decrease in                                                             
  interest expense                                                          
  related                                                                   
  to new debt                                                               
  financing, net of     $                    —    $        —    $   93,432  
  interest                                                                  
  expense related to                                                        
  pre-existing debt                                                         
  settled as part of                                                        
  the acquisitions                                                          
  An (increase) in      $                    —    $   -2,641    $        —  
  interest cost                                                             
  A decrease in                                                             
  expenses related                                                          
  to                    $                1,101    $    8,899    $        —  
  transaction                                                               
  bonuses                                                                   
  An (increase) due                                                         
  to replacement        $               -1,221    $  -10,145    $   -1,730  
  stock                                                                     
  awards                                                                    
  An (increase)                                                             
  decrease in income    $               -4,654    $   20,535    $  -21,906  
  tax                                                                       
  provision                                                                 
                                                                            
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information has been presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of results of
operations that would have been achieved had the acquisitions taken place on
the date indicated, or of the Company's future consolidated results of
operations. The supplemental pro forma information presented above has been
derived from the Company's historical consolidated financial statements and
from the historical accounting records of Wurl, the MoPub business, Adjust,
and Machine Zone.

Asset Dispositions

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed the sale of certain
non-strategic assets for $ 44.0million as part of its operational
optimization of the Apps reportable segment. As a result of the sale, the
Company recorded a total net loss of $ 74.9million in cost of revenue in the
Company's consolidated statements of operations.
                                                                            
  7.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net                                       
                                                                            
During the second quarter of 2022, the Company revised the presentation of
its segment information to reflect changes in the way the Company manages
and evaluates the business. As a result, beginning in the second quarter of
2022, the Company reports operating results based on tworeportable
segments—Software Platform and Apps. This change also resulted in a change
in reporting units to coincide with the new operating segments. Given the
change in reporting units, the Company performed a relative fair value
calculation to allocate historical goodwill of $ 1.8billion between the
twonew reporting units, with $ 1.5billion and $ 0.3billion of goodwill
allocated to Software Platform and Apps, respectively. The Company also
performed a qualitative impairment test immediately before and after the
change in reporting units and determined that it is not more likely than not
that the fair value of the reporting units is less than their carrying
amounts, including goodwill. Accordingly, the Company concluded that the
goodwill relating to those reporting units was not impaired.
The following table presents goodwill activity (in thousands):
                                                                            
                           Software Platform          Apps           Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  December 31, 2020                                           $    249,773  
  Goodwill acquired                                                762,553  
  Foreign currency                                                 -45,899  
  translation                                                               
  December 31, 2021                                           $    966,427  
  Goodwill acquired                                                891,387  
  Foreign currency                                                 -38,710  
  translation                                                               
  Segment allocation                                                        
  in the second                    1,473,474       345,630       1,819,104  
  quarter                                                                   
  of 2022                                                                   
  Additions                            5,281             —           5,281  
  Foreign currency                      -519          -111            -630  
  translation                                                               
  December 31, 2022     $          1,478,014    $  345,741    $  1,823,755  
                                                                            
                                     93                                     
Table of Content s
Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                …                                                           
                …                                                           
                …                                                           
                …                                                           
                …                                                           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
         …                      …                      …                    
         …                      …                      …                    
         …                      …                                           
                                                                            
                …        $             …        $             …        $    
                …                      …                      …             
                …                      …                      …             
                …                      …                      —             
                …                      …                      …             
                …                      …                      …             
                …                      …                      …             
                                                                            
                …                      …                      …             
                …        $             …        $             …        $    
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, short-lived mobile Apps were included in
prepaid expenses and other current assets.
The Company recorded amortization expenses related to acquired intangible
assets as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                           Year Ended December                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2022          2021          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue       $              448,462    $  373,726    $  228,339  
  Sales and                             66,173        22,661        11,587  
  marketing                                                                 
  Total                 $              514,635    $  396,387    $  239,926  
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2022, the expected future amortization expense related to
acquired intangible assets is estimated as follows (in thousands):
                              
  2023          $    339,773  
  2024               338,820  
  2025               338,820  
  2026               324,718  
  2027               122,490  
  Thereafter         213,992  
  Total         $  1,678,613  
                              
                                                                            
  8.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Leases                                                                    
                                                                            
The Company leases real estate property under operating leases. The Company
also leases networking equipment under arrangements with certain providers
of IT infrastructure services which were accounted as finance leases or
operating leases.

The Company’s leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate.
Therefore, the Company estimates its incremental borrowing rate to discount
the lease payments based on information available at lease commencement. The
Company determines its incremental borrowing rate based on the rate of
interest it would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with an
equal lease payment amount, over a similar term, and in a similar economic
environment.

Operating Leases —The Company has entered into various non-cancelable
operating leases primarily for its office facilities. The most significant
leases are related to the Company's corporate headquarters in Palo Alto,
California. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining lease terms varied from
1to 7.2years. For certain leases, the Company has an option to extend the
lease term for periods varying from 2to 5years. These renewal options are
not considered in the remaining lease term unless it is reasonably certain
that the Company will exercise such options. For leases with an initial term
greater than 12 months, the Company has recorded a right-of-use asset and
lease liability representing the fixed component of the lease payments.

Further, the Company leases certain networking equipment, colocation space
and office space under lease arrangements with terms 12 months or less,
which are classified as short-term leases.
                                     94                                     
Table of Content s
The table below presents the operating lease-related assets and liabilities
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                                Year Ended December                         
  Balance Sheet                                 31,                         
  Classification                               2022              2021       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease         $                  60,379         $  70,975       
  right-of-use assets                                                       
  Current operating       $                  14,334         $  18,392       
  lease liabilities                                                         
  Non-current                                                               
  operating lease         $                  54,153         $  62,498       
  liabilities                                                               
  Weighted-average                                                          
  remaining term                                     4.9               5.3  
  (years)                                                                   
  Weighted-average                              5.1    %          5.0    %  
  discount rate                                                             
                                                                            
The table below presents certain information related to the lease costs for
operating leases which are allocated to cost of revenue, sales and
marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                             Year Ended December                            
                                             31,                            
                                            2022         2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease        $                20,783    $  28,676    $  17,372  
  cost                                                                      
  Short-term lease                         1,272        9,683        8,196  
  cost                                                                      
  Variable lease cost                      1,419        7,862        2,147  
  Total lease cost       $                23,474    $  46,221    $  27,715  
                                                                            
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease
liabilities was $ 22.0million, $ 25.5million and $ 23.8million for the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Right-of-use assets
acquired under operating leases was $ 7.1million, $ 6.1million and $
10.8million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020,
respectively.

Finance Leases —The Company has entered into various non-cancelable finance
leases primarily for networking equipment with weighted average remaining
lease term of approximately 3.4years. The Company has recorded a right-of-
use asset and lease liability representing the fixed component of the lease
payments.
The table below presents the finance lease-related assets and liabilities
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                        Year Ended                                          
                      December 31,                           Balance Sheet  
                              2022              2021         Classificati…  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Finance                                                    Property and   
  lease           $         65,187         $  44,575         equipment,     
  right-of-use                                               net            
  assets                                                                    
  Current                                                                   
  finance         $         22,304         $  21,999         Accrued        
  lease                                                      liabilities    
  liabilities                                                               
  Non-current                                                Other          
  finance         $         44,736         $  24,085         non-current    
  lease                                                      liabilities    
  liabilities                                                               
  Weighted-av…                                                              
  remaining                         3.4               2.5                   
  term (years)                                                              
  Weighted-av…                                                              
  discount                     5.0    %          5.0    %                   
  rate                                                                      
                                                                            
The Company recognized depreciation expenses related to finance lease of
networking equipment of $ 24.1million, $ 17.8million and $ 8.4million for
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company
recognized interest expenses related to finance lease of networking
equipment of $ 2.8million, $ 1.5million and $ 0.3million for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance lease
liabilities was $ 24.1million, $ 15.3million and $ 9.7million for the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
                                     95                                     
Table of Content s

One of the Company’s 2020 acquired companies entered into a sublease
agreement in 2017. This agreement is with an unrelated third party to occupy
approximately 104,852square feet of the Company’s office space. The Company
recorded rent expense on a straight-line basis for the lease, net of
sublease income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
has the following operating sublease information (in thousands):
                                                                         
                                   Year Ended December 31,               
                                                      2022         2021  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Fixed sublease expense        $                    4,736    $   9,524  
  Variable sublease expense                          1,023        1,421  
  Sublease income                                   -5,334       -9,421  
  Variable sublease income                          -1,023       -1,407  
  Net sublease (income) loss    $                     -598    $     117  
                                                                         
Undiscounted cash flow —The tables below reconcile the undiscounted cash
flows for each of the first five years and total of the remaining years to
the operating and finance lease liabilities recorded in the consolidated
balance sheets (in thousands):
                                                                            
                            As of December 31,                              
                                          2022                              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                     Operating       Finance         Total  
                                        Leases        Leases                
  2023                                  17,289        25,019        42,308  
  2024                                  15,559        19,425        34,984  
  2025                                  14,535        15,868        30,403  
  2026                                  12,864         9,048        21,912  
  2027                                  11,247         3,471        14,718  
  Thereafter                             5,495             —         5,495  
  Total lease                           76,989        72,831       149,820  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: amount                                                              
  representing                          -8,502        -5,791       -14,293  
  interest                                                                  
  Present value of                                                          
  future lease                          68,487        67,040       135,527  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: current                                                             
  obligations under                     14,334        22,304        36,638  
  leases                                                                    
  Non-current lease     $               54,153    $   44,736    $   98,889  
  obligations                                                               
                                                                            
In addition, the Company will receive $ 0.6million of sublease income from
its real estate leases in 2023.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any additional significant
lease that had not yet commenced.
                                     96                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  9.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Credit Agreement                                                          
                                                                            
On August 15, 2018, the Company entered into a credit agreement with the
lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for
the lenders, which has been amended multiple times (the “Credit Agreement”;
as amended, the “Amended Credit Agreement” ). The Amended Credit Agreement
provides for senior secured credit facilities consisting of the Initial Term
Loans, with an outstanding balance of $ 1.8billion, the Sixth Amendment Term
Loans, with an outstanding balance of $ 1.5billion, (collectively, the “Term
Loans”), and a Revolving Credit Facility, with a borrowing capacity of $
600.0million, as of December 31, 2022. There were no borrowings drawn from
the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022.

Under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Company is required to make equal
quarterly repayments of (i) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, $
4.6million, and (ii) with respect to the Sixth Amendment Term Loans, 0.25%
of the aggregate outstanding principal amount on the effective date of the
Sixth Amendment or $ 3.8million. The remaining principal amounts of the
Initial Term Loans and the Sixth Amendment Term Loans are due on August 15,
2025 and October 25, 2028, respectively. The Revolving Credit Facility will
mature on February 15, 2025.

Under the Amended Credit Agreement, the Initial Term Loans and the amounts
outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest due on a
quarterly basis at a rate equal to an applicable margin plus, at the
Company’s option, either (a) a base rate equal to the highest of (i) the
prime rate then in effect, (ii) the federal funds rate, plus 0.50% and (iii)
the LIBOR rate, plus 1.0% (the “base rate”), or (b) an adjusted LIBOR rate
(the “LIBOR rate”). The applicable margin with respect to the Initial Term
Loans is equal to 3.25% in the case of LIBOR rate loans and 2.25% in the
case of base rate loans. The applicable margin with respect to the amounts
outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility is equal to 2.25% in the
case of LIBOR rate loans and 1.25% in the case of base rate loans. The
applicable margins for the Initial Term Loans and the amounts outstanding
under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to a reduction of 0.25%
based on the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated
EBITDA ratio. The Sixth Amendment Term Loans bear interest at a floating
rate equal to, at the Company's option, either (i) an adjusted LIBOR rate
for a specified interest period plus an applicable margin of 3.00% or (ii) a
base rate plus an applicable margin of 2.00%. The LIBOR rate applicable to
the Sixth Amendment Term Loans is subject to a “floor” of 0.50%. In
addition, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee of 0.50% per annum
of unused commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. The commitment
fee is subject to reductions to 0.375% per annum and 0.25% per annum based
on the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA
ratio.

At December 31, 2022, the interest rates on the Initial Term Loans and Sixth
Amendment Term Loan were 7.32% and 6.67%, respectively. The fee for unused
commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility was 0.25% per annum at
December 31, 2022.

The Credit Agreement requires the Company to prepay, subject to certain
exceptions, the term loan with:

• 100% of net cash proceeds above a threshold amount of certain asset sales,
certain debt incurrences and casualty events, subject to, in the case of
asset sales, casualty events, and sale leasebacks, (i) step-downs to (x) 50%
if the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA
ratio is less than or equal to 3.50to 1.00, but greater than 2.50to 1.00 and
(y) 0% if the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated
EBITDA ratio is less than or equal to 2.50to 1.00, and (ii) reinvestment
rights and certain other exceptions;

• 50% of annual excess cash flow above a threshold amount, subject to (i) a
step-down to 25% if the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to
consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or equal to 4.00to 1.00, but greater
than 3.50to 1.00, and (ii) a step-down to 0% if the Company’s first lien net
leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.50to 1.00; provided that such
prepayment is required only in the amount (if any) by which such prepayment
exceeds $ 10million in such fiscal year. The amount of excess cash flow is
subject to certain deductions and exceptions, including a dollar-for-dollar
reduction based on the amount of voluntary prepayments of term loans and
loans under the revolving credit facility (to the extent accompanied by a
permanent commitment reduction); and

• 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain other debt incurrences.

The Company is permitted to voluntarily prepay or repay outstanding loans
under the Revolving Credit Facility or Term Loans at any time, in whole or
in part, subject to prior written notice, minimum amount requirements, and
customary “breakage” costs with respect to LIBOR rate loans. Amounts prepaid
under the Revolving Credit Facility may subsequently be reborrowed.

The Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by
substantially all of the assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiary
guarantors (other than customarily excluded assets).

The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants,
including covenants limiting the ability of AppLovin and its restricted
subsidiaries to, among other things, incur debt, grant liens, undergo
certain fundamental business changes, make investments, pay-out dividends to
third parties, dispose of assets, and enter into transactions with
affiliates, in each case, subject to limitations and exceptions set forth in
the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of
default that include, among other things, certain payment defaults, cross
defaults to other indebtedness, covenant defaults, change of control
defaults, judgment defaults, and bankruptcy and insolvency defaults. If an
event of default exists, the lenders may require the immediate payment of
all obligations under the Credit Agreement and may exercise certain other
rights and remedies provided for under the Credit Agreement, the other loan
documents and applicable law. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in
compliance with all of the covenants.
                                     97                                     
Table of Content s

During 2021, the Company entered into the fifth amendment to the Amended
Credit Agreement to increase the Initial Term Loans by an aggregate
principal amount of $ 597.8million, on identical terms to the existing
Initial Term Loans, and used a part of the proceeds to pay off an old term
loan issued under the same Amended Credit Agreement, totaling $
298.2million. The Company accounted for the early repayment of the old term
loan as a debt extinguishment. As a result, the Company recognized a loss on
debt extinguishment of $ 16.9million in 2021, which was recorded in interest
expense and loss on extinguishment of debt on the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations. The loss on debt extinguishment consisted
primarily of the unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance cost.
The following table presents the amount of interest expense recognized
relating to the contractual interest coupon, amortization of the debt
discount and issuance costs, and loss on debt extinguishment with respect to
the Company's Term Loans, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and
2020 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                             Year Ended December                            
                                             31,                            
                                            2022         2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Contractual            $               162,150    $  70,882    $  58,810  
  interest coupon                                                           
  Amortization of                                                           
  debt discount and                        9,887        7,442        7,319  
  issuance costs                                                            
  Loss on debt                                 —       16,852            —  
  extinguishment                                                            
  Total interest                                                            
  expense from Term      $               172,037    $  95,176    $  66,129  
  Loans                                                                     
                                                                            
The aggregate future maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2022
are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                    
  2023                                     $     33,310             
  2024                                                      33,310  
  2025                                                   1,736,094  
  2026                                                      15,000  
  2027                                                      15,000  
  Thereafter                                             1,413,750  
  Total outstanding term loan principal    $  3,246,464             
  Unaccreted discount and debt issuance         -34,742             
  costs                                                             
  Total debt                               $  3,211,722             
  Less: short-term debt                                     33,310  
  Long-term debt                           $  3,178,412             
                                                                    
                                                                            
  10.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Equity                                                                    
                                                                            
Initial Public Offering and Capital Structure Change

The Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 (the “IPO Registration
Statement”) related to its IPO was declared effective on April 14, 2021, and
the Company’s Class A common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market on April 15, 2021. On April 19, 2021, the Company completed its IPO,
in which the Company sold 22,500,000shares of Class A common stock at price
to the public of $ 80.00per share. The Company received aggregate net
proceeds of $ 1.75billion after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions of $ 47.2million and offering expenses of $ 7.9million subject
to certain cost reimbursements. KKR Capital Markets LLC ("KKR Capital
Markets") was an underwriter for the IPO and is an affiliate of KKR Denali
Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”), who is a principal stockholder of the Company.
The Company used $ 400.0million of the net proceeds from the IPO to repay
the entire outstanding amount under the revolving credit facility. KKR
Capital Markets is a lender under the revolving credit facility and an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. For
additional information, see Note 9 - Credit Agreement.

Following the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement, the Company
filed the IPO Certificate. The IPO Certificate authorized a total of
1,500,000,000shares of Class A common stock, 200,000,000shares of Class B
common stock, 150,000,000shares of Class C common stock, and
100,000,000shares of preferred stock. Upon the filing and effectiveness of
the IPO Certificate, all shares of Class F common stock and Series A
convertible preferred stock then outstanding automatically converted into
the equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock, respectively (the
“Capital Stock Conversions”). Following the Capital Stock Conversions and
immediately prior to the completion of the IPO, a total of 150,307,622shares
of Class A common stock held by Adam Foroughi, the Company’s co-founder,
CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, the Company’s President, Chief Financial
Officer, and a member of the Company’s board of directors; and KKR Denali
(collectively with certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders) were
exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock
pursuant to the terms of certain exchange agreements.

Preferred Stock

The preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series.
The Company's board of directors is authorized to determine the designation,
powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each such series and any
qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof.
                                     98                                     
Table of Content s

Common Stock

The rights of the holders of all classes of common stock pursuant to the IPO
Certificate are as follows:

The rights of the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and
Class C common stock (referred to together as the “common stock”) are
identical, except with respect to voting and conversion.

Voting Rights

Holders of the Class A common stock are entitled to onevote for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders of the
Class B common stock are entitled to 20votes for each share held on all
matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, and holders of the Class C
common stock are not entitled to vote on any matter that is submitted to a
vote of stockholders, except as otherwise required by law. The holders of
the Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a
single class, unless otherwise required by law. Under the IPO Certificate,
approval of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
the Class B common stock voting as a separate class will be required to
increase the number of authorized shares of the Class B common stock. In
addition, Delaware law could require either holders of the Class A common
stock, the Class B common stock, or the Class C common stock to vote
separately as a single class in the following circumstances:

• if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate to increase or
decrease the par value of a class of stock, then that class would be
required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment; and

• if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate in a manner that
alters or changes the powers, preferences or special rights of a class of
stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would
be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment.

Until the date on which the final conversion of all outstanding shares of
Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of the IPO Certificate occurs,
approval of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock voting as a separate class will be required to amend or
modify any provision of the IPO Certificate inconsistent with, or otherwise
alter, any provision of the IPO Certificate to modify the voting,
conversion, or other rights, powers, preferences, privileges, or
restrictions of the Company’s Class B common stock.

Upon the closing of the IPO, the Class B Stockholders held all of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B common stock. The Class B
Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement (the “Voting Agreement”)
whereby all Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their
respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as
determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which
must be Mr. Foroughi).

Dividend Rights

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock
outstanding at the time, the holders of the Company’s common stock will be
entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if the
Company’s Board, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then
only at the times and in the amounts that the Company’s Board may determine.

No Preemptive or Similar Rights

The Company’s common stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights, and is
not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions.

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions

If the Company becomes subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up,
the assets legally available for distribution to the Company’s stockholders
would be distributable ratably among the holders of the Company’s common
stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time,
subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and
the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if
any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock.

Conversion of Class B Common Stock

Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option
of the holder into oneshare of Class A common stock. Following the closing
of the IPO, shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into
shares of Class A common stock upon sale or transfer except for certain
transfers described in the IPO Certificate, including transfers for estate
planning, transfers among KKR Denali and its affiliates, or other transfers
among the Class B Stockholders. Withdrawal from the Voting Agreement
constitutes a transfer.

Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into oneshare
of Class A common stock upon the date fixed by the Company’s Board that is
no less than 61days and no more than 180days following the date on which (i)
the Voting Agreement is terminated or (ii) Adam Foroughi is no longer
involved with the Company as a member of the Board or as an executive
officer.
                                     99                                     
Table of Content s

Conversion of Class C Common Stock

After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock, all outstanding
shares of Class C common stock will convert automatically into Class A
common stock, on a share-for-share basis, on the date or time specified by
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock,
voting as a separate class.

Stock Repurchase Program

In February 2022, the Company's Board authorized the repurchase of up to $
750million of the Company’s Class A common stock. Repurchases may be made
from time to time through open market purchases or through privately
negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal
requirements and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases may be
structured to occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The
Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b-5 trading plans to
facilitate repurchases of shares. The repurchase program does not obligate
the Company to acquire any particular amount of Class A common stock, has no
expiration date and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time at
the Company's discretion. As of December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased
9,042,407shares of outstanding Class A common stock for an aggregate amount
of $ 338.8million.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had twoclasses of outstanding common
stock: 302,711,061 shares of Class A common stock and 71,162,622shares of
Class B common stock.
                                                                            
  11.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Stock-based Compensation                                                  
                                                                            
Following the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, the Company
maintains the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2021 Partner Studio Incentive
Plan and the ESPP, all of which were adopted by the Board and approved by
its stockholders.

2021 Equity Incentive Plan

The 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”) provides for the grant of
restricted stock units ("RSUs"), incentive stock options (“ISOs”),
nonqualified stock options (“NSOs”), restricted stock, stock appreciation
rights ("SARs"), performance units, and performance shares to the Company’s
employees, directors, consultants and other service providers. The total
number of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock that were initially
reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan was 39,000,000, and provides for
an annual increase of shares, equal to the least of (a) 39,000,000shares,
(b) five percent ( 5%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of the
Company’s common stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding
fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as the Company’s Board may determine.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, an additional 18,754,468shares were
reserved for issuance pursuant to this annual increase, and following this
annual increase, the Board decreased the number of shares of Class A common
stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan by 2,000,000shares.

Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, the Company's 2011
Equity Incentive Plan (the "2011 Plan") was terminated. All outstanding
awards under the 2011 Plan continue to be governed by their existing terms,
and options cancelled under the 2011 Plan are added to the option pool
available under the 2021 Plan.

2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan

The 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan (the “2021 Partner Plan”) provides
for the grant of RSUs, ISOs, NSOs, SARs, performance units, and performance
shares to individuals or entities engaged by the Company or a parent or
subsidiary of the Company to render bona fide services to the party engaging
such individual or entity. A total of 390,000shares of the Company’s Class A
common stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Partner Plan.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board reserved an additional
2,000,000shares of Class A common stock for issuance under the 2021 Partner
Plan.

Following the IPO, the Company has only granted RSUs under the 2021 Plan and
2021 Partner Plan. RSU grants included service-based vesting condition that
generally approximates 4years. A summary of RSUs activity is as follows: (in
thousands, except share and per share data):
                                                                            
                                            Weighted                        
                          Number of          Average                        
                         Restricted       Grant Date             Aggregate  
                        Stock Units       Fair Value       Intrinsic Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at                                                               
  December 31,            7,323,404    $       60.15    $          690,304  
  2021                                                                      
  Granted                13,253,080            23.08                        
  Vested                 -3,559,045            56.59                        
  Cancelled              -1,400,696            57.64                        
  Balances at                                                               
  December 31,           15,616,743    $       29.87    $          164,444  
  2022                                                                      
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2022, there was $ 441.2million of unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested employee RSUs. This amount is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.5years. The fair value
as of the respective vesting dates of RSUs that vested during the year ended
December 31, 2022 was $ 88.0million.
                                    100                                     
Table of Content s

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The ESPP permits participants to purchase shares of the Company’s Class A
common stock through contributions of up to 15% of their eligible
compensation. The ESPP provides for consecutive, overlapping
24-monthoffering periods, during which the contributed amount by the
participant will be used to purchase shares of the Company’s Class A common
stock at the end of each 6-month purchase period with the purchase price of
the shares being 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the Company’s
Class A common stock on the first day of an offering period or on the
exercise date. A participant may purchase a maximum of 590shares of the
Company’s Class A common stock during a purchase period. Participants may
end their participation at any time during an offering and will be paid
their accrued contributions that have not yet been used to purchase shares.
Participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with the
Company.

A total of 7,800,000shares of the Company’s Class A common stock are
reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares of the Company’s
Class A common stock that will be available for sale under the ESPP, and
provides for an annual increase of shares, equal to the least of: (a)
7,800,000shares, (b) one percent ( 1%) of the outstanding shares of all
classes of the Company’s common stock as of the last day of the immediately
preceding fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as the Company’s board of
directors may determine. The initial offering period is from April 15, 2021
through November 19, 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2022, an
additional 3,750,894shares were reserved for issuance pursuant to this
annual increase. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 267,028shares of
Class A common stock have been purchased under the ESPP.
The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of shares
to be issued under the ESPP are as follows:
                                                                   
                                    Year Ended December 31,        
                                                       2022        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected term                             1.25  
  Expected volatility                                    62     %  
  Risk-free interest rate                              3.35     %  
  Dividend yield                                          0     %  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to the
ESPP was $ 6.4million, which will be amortized over a weighted-average
period of 0.9years.

2011 Equity Incentive Plan

The Company’s 2011 Plan provides for the grant of stock options to
employees, directors, consultants, and service providers of the Company.
Options under the 2011 Plan may be granted for periods of up to 10years and
generally vest over four years. As noted above, immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, the 2011 Plan was terminated, and no further
awards were granted thereunder. All outstanding awards under the 2011 Plan
continue to be governed by their existing terms, and options cancelled under
the 2011 Plan are added to the option pool available under the 2021 Plan.

Stock Options —During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the
Company granted stock options to purchase 263,200and 13,158,430shares of
common stock, with a weighted-average grant date stock fair value of $
48.14and $ 15.94per share, respectively. The Company did notgrant stock
options during the year ended December 31, 2022.

The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock
options granted are as follows:
                                                                            
                                   Year Ended December                      
                                                   31,  2021          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected                             5.21          5.94  
  term                                                                      
  Expected volatility                               43     %      39     %  
  Risk-free interest rate                         0.48     %    0.56     %  
  Dividend yield                                     0     %       0     %  
                                                                            
                                    101                                     
Table of Content s
The Company’s stock options activity under the 2011 Plan was as follows:
                                                                            
                                             Weighted    Weighted           
                                              Average    Average            
                                             Exercise    Remaining          
                            Number of       Price Per    Contractual        
                              Options           Share    Term (Years)       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at December     18,403,704    $       6.39                  7.9  
  31, 2021                                                                  
  Granted                           —               —                       
  Exercised                -4,439,387            6.17                       
  Forfeited                -1,248,513            7.37                       
  Expired                           —               —                       
  Balances at December     12,715,804    $       6.38                  6.8  
  31, 2022                                                                  
  Vested and                                                                
  exercisable at           10,057,658    $       5.99                  6.7  
  December 31,                                                              
  2022                                                                      
  Vested and expected                                                       
  to vest at December      11,459,032    $       6.78                  6.9  
  31, 2022                                                                  
                                                                            
The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, was $ 63.57million and $ 1.62billion, respectively. As of December
31, 2022 there was approximately $ 30.4million of total unrecognized
compensation costs related to unvested options granted, which is expected to
be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of 1.4years. The
total intrinsic value of share options exercised during the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $ 87.5million, $ 622.1million and $
33.8million, respectively.

Early Exercise of Stock Options —Subject to the Board’s approval, the Plan
allows for the early exercise of options granted. Under the terms of the
Plan, option holders, upon early exercise, must sign a restricted stock
purchase agreement that gives the Company the right to repurchase any
unvested shares, at the original exercise price, in the event the optionees’
employment terminates for any reason. The right to exercise options before
they are vested does not change existing vesting schedules in any way and
the early exercised options may not be sold or transferred before they are
vested. The repurchase right lapses over time as the shares vest at the same
rate as the original option vesting schedule. The cash amounts received in
exchange for these early exercised shares are recorded as a liability on the
accompanying balance sheets and reclassified into common stock and
additional paid-in-capital as the shares vest. The Company’s right to
repurchase these shares lapses by 1/4th of the shares on the
1-yearanniversary of the vesting start date and ratably each month over the
next 36-months.

The Company had 99,372shares and 486,999shares of Class A common stock
subject to repurchase as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
liability for the repurchase as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 included in
accrued liabilities was $ 0.2million and $ 1.4million, respectively.

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company provided
financing to certain employees in the form of promissory notes to early
exercise stock options. These promissory notes are partially collateralized
by shares and in-substance are nonrecourse. For accounting purposes,
exercised options via nonrecourse promissory notes are not substantive and
are continued to be treated as options. In February 2021, promissory notes
issued to executive officers in the amount of $ 20.9million were settled
through either share repurchase, in the amount of $ 17.2million, or cash
payment, in the amount of $ 3.7million. In connection with the repurchase of
shares, the Company accelerated vesting of 60,968shares of Class A common
stock for one of the Company’s officers. The acceleration of vesting was
accounted as an option modification with an immaterial impact to the stock-
based compensation expense. The Company did not provide this type of
financing to employees during the year ended December 31, 2022.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 1,399,999and
2,884,999shares of Class A common stock options, respectively, that were
exercised via nonrecourse promissory notes of which 43,855and 663,856shares,
respectively, were unvested and subject to repurchase. The principal
balances of nonrecourse promissory notes outstanding amounted to $
4.9million and $ 15.1million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Restricted Stock —Restricted stock awards are classified as equity awards
based on the requirements established by the applicable accounting rules for
stock-based compensation. The fair value of the restricted stock awards was
determined based on the price of the Company’s valuation on the date of
grant as approved by the Company’s board of directors.

The Company has historically granted restricted stock awards to certain
employees. Restricted stock award activity for the periods presented herein
has not been material. As of December 31, 2022 all restricted stock awards
have vested thus, there was nounrecognized compensation cost related to
restricted stock awards expected to vest.
                                    102                                     
Table of Content s
The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense for all equity
awards for the periods indicated as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                            Year Ended December                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2022          2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue       $                 6,307    $    2,335    $     982  
  Sales and                              41,533        15,224       10,668  
  marketing                                                                 
  Research and                           94,319        63,344       36,852  
  development                                                               
  General and                            49,453        52,274       13,885  
  administrative                                                            
  Total stock-based                                                         
  compensation          $               191,612    $  133,177    $  62,387  
  expense                                                                   
                                                                            
For the year ended December 31, 2022, total stock-based compensation expense
included a credit of $ 2.1million associated with awards that may be settled
with one of the Company’s subsidiaries. For the years ended December 31,
2021 and 2020 total stock-based compensation expense included $ 1.2million
and $ 0.9million associated with such awards, respectively.
                                                                            
  12.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Net Income (Loss) Per Share                                               
                                                                            
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net
income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders for the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands, except share and per
share data):
                                                                            
                            Year Ended                                      
                          December 31,                                      
                                  2022              2021              2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  BASIC EPS                                                                 
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income        $         -192,746    $       35,446    $     -125,187  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to convertible                     —            -3,209                 —  
  preferred                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to options                         —              -387                 —  
  exercises                                                                 
  by promissory                                                             
  notes                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to unvested                        —               -95                 —  
  early                                                                     
  exercised                                                                 
  options                                                                   
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                       —               -52                 —  
  to unvested                                                               
  RSA's                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $         -192,746    $       31,703    $     -125,187  
  to common                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Denominator:                                                              
  Weighted-aver…                                                            
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net            371,568,011       324,836,076       214,936,545  
  income (loss)                                                             
  per share:                                                                
  Basic                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share             $            -0.52    $         0.10    $        -0.58  
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stock: Basic                                                              
  DILUTED EPS                                                               
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income        $         -192,746    $       35,446    $     -125,187  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to convertible                     —            -3,058                 —  
  preferred                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to options                         —              -369                 —  
  exercises                                                                 
  by promissory                                                             
  notes                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to unvested                        —               -91                 —  
  early                                                                     
  exercised                                                                 
  options                                                                   
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                       —               -49                 —  
  to unvested                                                               
  RSA's                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $         -192,746    $       31,879    $     -125,187  
  to common                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Denominator:                                                              
  Weighted-aver…                                                            
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net            371,568,011       324,836,076       214,936,545  
  income (loss)                                                             
  per share:                                                                
  Basic                                                                     
  Weighted-aver…                                                            
  dilutive stock                                                            
  options,                           —        17,927,556                 —  
  RSUs, and                                                                 
  convertible                                                               
  security                                                                  
  Weighted-aver…                                                            
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net            371,568,011       342,763,632       214,936,545  
  income (loss)                                                             
  per share:                                                                
  Diluted                                                                   
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share             $            -0.52    $         0.09    $        -0.58  
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stock: Diluted                                                            
                                                                            
                                    103                                     
Table of Content s
The following table presents the forms of antidilutive potential common
shares:
                                                                            
                           Year Ended December                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2022         2021           2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Convertible                                —            —    109,090,908  
  preferred stock                                                           
  Stock options                                                             
  exercised for                      1,399,999    2,884,999      8,022,499  
  promissory                                                                
  notes                                                                     
  Early exercised                       99,372      487,000         19,800  
  stock options                                                             
  Unvested RSAs                              —      181,737      1,236,771  
  Stock options                     11,315,805            —     20,754,985  
  Unvested RSU                      15,616,743      291,093              —  
  ESPP                                 856,811      246,246              —  
  Total antidilutive                                                        
  potential common                  29,288,730    4,091,075    139,124,963  
  shares                                                                    
                                                                            
The table above does not include the convertible security issued in 2020.
The sellers converted the convertible security in 2021 following the
completion of the Company's IPO.
                                                                            
  13.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Income Taxes                                                              
                                                                            
Net income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020, includes the following components (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                  Year Ended                                
                                December 31,                                
                                        2022           2021           2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  U.S.                 $               8,660    $   193,161    $  -118,296  
  Foreign                           -213,837       -146,850        -17,410  
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  before income        $            -205,177    $    46,311    $  -135,706  
  taxes                                                                     
                                                                            
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020 consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                           Year Ended December                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2022          2021          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current:                                                                  
  Federal               $               74,843    $   64,585    $   20,162  
  State                                 13,548        10,234         4,087  
  Foreign                                1,548         1,914         4,027  
                                        89,939        76,733        28,276  
  Deferred:                                                                 
  Federal                              -74,588       -52,162       -29,235  
  State                                 -6,718        -2,394        -4,800  
  Foreign                              -20,863       -11,204        -4,013  
                                      -102,169       -65,760       -38,048  
  Total provision                                                           
  for (benefit from)    $              -12,230    $   10,973    $   -9,772  
  income taxes.                                                             
                                                                            
                                    104                                     
Table of Content s
The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to the effective
income tax rate is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                           Year Ended December                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2022          2021          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax provision                                                             
  (benefit) at U.S.     $              -43,034    $    9,725    $  -28,498  
  federal                                                                   
  statutory rate                                                            
  State income                                                              
  taxes, net of                         -1,356         1,866        -1,137  
  federal                                                                   
  benefit                                                                   
  Foreign income                                                            
  taxed at different                    27,114        10,563         8,710  
  rates                                                                     
  Change in foreign                          —             —        -6,038  
  deferred tax rate                                                         
  Global intangible                      2,917             —             —  
  low-taxed income                                                          
  Stock-based                           22,064        -8,807        10,347  
  compensation                                                              
  Capital loss                         -14,687             —             —  
  Foreign-derived                      -17,667       -10,477        -3,518  
  intangible income                                                         
  Research and                                                              
  development                          -11,803        -6,193        -2,561  
  credits                                                                   
  Extinguishments of                                                        
  acquisition-relat…                         —             —        12,237  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Foreign income                           357        -2,622             —  
  inclusion                                                                 
  Change in                                                                 
  valuation                             21,061        15,905             —  
  allowance                                                                 
  Other                                  2,804         1,013           686  
  Total provision                                                           
  for (benefit from)    $              -12,230    $   10,973    $   -9,772  
  income taxes                                                              
                                                                            
The following summarizes the current and deferred tax assets and liabilities
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          As of December 31,                
  Deferred tax assets:                                  2022          2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued expenses and reserves        $               7,139    $    6,374  
  Stock-based compensation                             7,439        14,651  
  Tax credit carryforwards                            11,474         4,835  
  Net operating loss                                  30,144        12,042  
  Identified intangibles                               2,820             —  
  Operating lease liability                           13,884        16,622  
  Other comprehensive income                          30,186        16,251  
  Foreign tax deduction                                9,137        12,363  
  Capital loss                                        17,125         1,074  
  Other                                                    —         1,173  
  Capitalized R&D expenses                            78,315             —  
  Valuation allowance                                -40,640       -18,842  
  Total deferred tax assets                          167,023        66,543  
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                 
  Depreciation and amortization                       -1,976        -5,433  
  Identified intangibles                                   —        -6,049  
  Operating lease right-of-use                       -14,107       -16,622  
  assets                                                                    
  Other                                                 -693             —  
  Total deferred tax liabilities                     -16,776       -28,104  
  Net deferred tax assets              $             150,247    $   38,439  
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has federal net operating loss
carryforwards of $ 47.9million and $ 13.7million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. The post-TCJA net operating losses are not subject to
expiration. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has federal tax
credit carryforwards of $ 1.7million and $ 0.9million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to expire
in 2039. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has federal capital
loss carryforward of $ 74.0million and $ 4.7million, respectively to reduce
future capital gains. The capital loss carryforward will begin to expire in
2026.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has California net operating
loss carryforwards of $ 11.1million and $ 8.8million, respectively, to
reduce future taxable income. The net operating losses will begin to expire
in 2037. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has California tax
credit carryforwards of $ 17.6million and $ 9.5million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards are not subject to
expiration.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has Cyprus net operating loss
carryforwards of $ 19.8million and nil, respectively, to reduce future
taxable income, which will begin to expire in 2026.
                                    105                                     
Table of Content s

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has German net operating loss
carryforwards of $ 80.8million and $ 34.6million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
Israeli net operating loss carryforwards of $ 18.8million and $ 14.5million,
respectively, to reduce future taxable income.

The valuation allowance on the Company's net deferred tax assets increased
by $ 21.8million, $ 18.3million and $ 0.5million during the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

In assessing the realizability of the Company’s deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management’s assessment is based on the
weight of available evidence, including cumulative losses since inception
and expected future losses and as such, management believes it is more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. As of
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company maintained a valuation
allowance with respect to certain of its deferred tax assets relating
primarily to certain state tax credits, U.S. capital losses and operating
losses in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions that we believe are not likely to
be realized.

Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 382 places a limitation on the amount of
taxable income that can be offset by net operating loss carryforwards and
tax credits after a greater than 50% change in control in ownership;
California has similar rules. The Company’s capitalization described herein
may have resulted in such a change. Utilization of the net operating loss
carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations under IRC Section 382 and
similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration
of the net operating loss carryforwards before utilization.

The Company has not provided U.S. income or foreign withholding taxes on the
undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, because it intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside
of the U.S. If these foreign earnings were to be repatriated in the future,
the related U.S. tax liability will be immaterial, due to the participation
exemption put in place in the Tax Act.

Uncertain Tax Positions
The following table summarizes the activity related to the gross
unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands):
                                                                            
                              As of December 31,                            
                                            2022         2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance at beginning     $              18,456    $  14,401    $   6,646  
  of year                                                                   
  Increases related to                                                      
  prior year                                   —        5,027        4,681  
  positions                                                                 
  Decreases related to                                                      
  prior year                              -2,837            —            —  
  positions                                                                 
  Increases related to                                                      
  current year                             7,083        2,631        3,498  
  positions                                                                 
  Decreases related to                      -758         -172         -424  
  lapse of statutes                                                         
  Decreases related to                    -2,892       -3,431            —  
  settlements                                                               
  Balance at end of        $              19,052    $  18,456    $  14,401  
  year                                                                      
                                                                            
Of the unrecognized tax benefits, $ 12.9million and $ 13.6million represents
the amount that if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income
tax rate in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company does not expect a
significant change to its unrecognized tax benefits or recorded liabilities
over the next twelve months. The unrecognized tax benefits may increase or
change during the next year for items that arise in the ordinary course of
business.

The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the
Company had approximately $ 2.6million, $ 3.6million, and $ 2.3million of
interest and penalties, respectively.

The tax return for years 2017 through 2022 remain open to examination for
federal and other major domestic taxing jurisdictions and for years 2017
through 2022 for other major foreign jurisdictions.
                                    106                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  14.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Segments and Geographic Information                                       
                                                                            
During the second quarter of 2022, the Company revised the presentation of
segment information to align with changes to how the Company's chief
operating decision maker (“CODM”) manages the business, allocates resources
and assesses operating performance. The CODM is the Company's Chief
Executive Officer. Prior to the second quarter of 2022, the Company had a
single operating and reportable segment. Beginning in the second quarter of
2022, the Company reports operating results based on tworeportable segments:
Software Platform and Apps. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's operating
segments are the same as the reportable segments, which are as follows:

• Software Platform : Software Platform generates revenue prim$arily from
fees paid by advertisers for the placement of ads on mobile applications
owned by Publishers.

• Apps : Apps generates revenue when a user of one of the Apps makes an in-
app purchase ("IAP Revenue") and when clients purchase the digital
advertising inventory of the Company's portfolio of Apps ("IAA Revenue").

The CODM evaluates the performance of each operating segment using revenue
and segment adjusted EBITDA. The Company defines segment adjusted EBITDA as
revenue less expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization and certain
items that the Company does not believe are reflective of the operating
segments’ core operations. Expenses include indirect costs that are
allocated to operating segments based on a reasonable allocation
methodology, which are generally related to sales and marketing activities
and general and administrative overhead. Revenue and expenses exclude
transactions between the Company's operating segments. The CODM does not
evaluate operating segments using asset information.
The following table provides information about the Company's reportable
segments and a reconciliation of the total segment adjusted EBITDA to
consolidated income (loss) before income taxes (in thousands). For
comparative purposes, amounts in prior periods have been recast:
                                                                            
                            As of December                                  
                                       31,                                  
  Revenue:                            2022            2021            2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Software            $          1,049,167    $    673,952    $    207,285  
  Platform                                                                  
  Apps                           1,767,891       2,119,152       1,243,801  
  Total Revenue       $          2,817,058    $  2,793,104    $  1,451,086  
  Segment Adjusted                                                          
  EBITDA:                                                                   
  Software            $            808,415    $    457,302    $    121,114  
  Platform                                                                  
  Apps                             254,795         269,512         224,381  
  Total Segment       $          1,063,210    $    726,814    $    345,495  
  Adjusted EBITDA                                                           
  Interest expense                                                          
  and loss on         $           -171,863    $   -103,170    $    -77,873  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt, net                                                              
  Other income,                     18,647           7,545           6,183  
  net                                                                       
  Amortization,                                                             
  depreciation and                -547,084        -431,063        -254,951  
  write-offs                                                                
  Impairment and                                                            
  loss on disposal                                                          
  of                              -127,892               —               —  
  long-lived                                                                
  assets                                                                    
  Non-operating                                                             
  foreign exchange                     164           1,537          -1,210  
  gain                                                                      
  (loss)                                                                    
  Stock-based                     -191,612        -135,468         -62,387  
  compensation                                                              
  Acquisition-rel…                                                          
  expense and                      -21,279         -16,887          -7,850  
  transaction                                                               
  bonus                                                                     
  Publisher                       -209,635          -3,227               —  
  bonuses                                                                   
  MoPub                                                                     
  acquisition                       -6,999               —               —  
  transition                                                                
  services                                                                  
  Restructuring                    -10,834               —               —  
  costs                                                                     
  Extinguishments                                                           
  of                                                                        
  acquisition-rel…                       —               —         -74,820  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Loss from                                                                 
  modification of                        —               —          -7,851  
  leases                                                                    
  Change in fair                                                            
  value of                               —             230            -442  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Income (loss)                                                             
  before provision    $           -205,177    $     46,311    $   -135,706  
  for tax                                                                   
                                                                            
                                    107                                     
Table of Content s
The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area which
consist of property and equipment, net (in thousands):
                                                                           
                                          As of December 31,               
                                                        2022         2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                        $              25,548    $  25,681  
  Germany                                             32,044       22,872  
  Netherlands                                         20,629       14,265  
  All other countries                                    322          790  
  Total property and equipment, net    $              78,543    $  63,608  
                                                                           
For information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see Note 2 -
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.
                                                                            
  15.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Restructuring                                                             
                                                                            
In 2022, the Company undertook certain workforce reduction measures and
recorded a total restructuring charge of $ 10.8million comprising primarily
of one-time termination benefits. As of December 31, 2022, an immaterial
amount of these restructuring costs remain unpaid and are included in
accrued liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheet.
                                                                            
  16.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Related Party                                                             
                                                                            
KKR Capital Markets, an affiliate of KKR Denali, acted as a joint lead
arranger and joint bookrunner for the Credit Agreement. KKR Denali is also
one of the Company’s principal stockholders. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, the
Company paid KKR Capital Markets fees of nil, $ 2.3million, and $
1.5million, respectively, for services rendered in connection with the
Credit Agreement.

In November 2020 and March 2021, the Company borrowed $ 150.0million and $
250.0million under the Revolving Credit Facility, respectively (together,
the "Revolving Credit Loans"). A lender of the Revolving Credit Loans is an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. The Company
repaid such Revolving Credit Loans in full with the net proceeds from the
IPO in April 2021.

In December 2021, the Company completed a secondary offering of
7,500,000shares of its Class A common stock, at a price of $ 83.00per share,
with all shares offered by certain of the Company's stockholders, including
KKR Denali. The Company made a payment of $ 5.0million to KKR Capital
Markets in connection with the secondary offering.

In December 2019, the Company purchased 2,475,000shares and 300,000shares of
the Company’s Class A Common Stock from the Company’s chief executive
officer and from the Company’s Board member, respectively. The chief
executive officer is also the Company’s principal stockholder. The fair
value of the purchased shares was $ 14.0million. The purchase of shares was
paid through the issuance of twounsecured 5-year promissory notes with the
principal amount of $ 10.0million and $ 1.2million, respectively. The
promissory notes are redeemable upon the earlier of maturity, (ii)
immediately prior to an acquisition of the Company as defined in the
Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, or (iii) immediately prior to the
Company’s filing an S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The
promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per annum paid annually. Both
promissory notes were recorded in other non-current liabilities at the
aggregated initial fair value of $ 9.1million representing a discount of 19%
to its principal amount and resulting in a purchase of the Company’s common
stock shares below its fair value. The discount is amortized over a period
of five yearsunder the effective interest method with amortization expense
included in interest expense. The shares of the Company’s Class A Common
Stock purchased in exchange for the issuance of the promissory note were
added to the pool of shares available for the grant under the Company’s 2011
Equity Incentive Plan. The Company recorded the difference between fair
value of the shares purchased and the fair value of promissory notes as an
increase to additional paid-in capital. In December 2021, the Company repaid
both promissory notes and recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $
1.4million based on the difference between the $ 11.7million repayment
amount and the carrying value of such promissory notes on the settlement
date. The interest expense recognized on this note was not material for the
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

The Company published a mobile game app developed by a mobile game developer
owned by a member of the Company's Board under a game assignment and revenue
share agreement entered into in October 2020. The Company made payments to
the mobile game developer under this agreement of $ 0.7million during the
year ended December 31, 2021. Payments for the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2022 were not material.
                                    108                                     
Table of Content s
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting     │
│  and Financial Disclosure                                                │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                        │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                            
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                          
                                                                            
Our management, with the participation and supervision of our principal
executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded
that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles.

Our management, under the supervision of our principal executive officer and
our principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the
framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. On April
1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Wurl, Inc. (“Wurl”), as
further described in Note 6, Acquisitions, Business Combinations. Wurl’s
financial statements represent approximately 7% and 1%, respectively, of the
Company's consolidated total assets and total revenue amounts as of and for
the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we are in the
process of evaluating the internal control over financial reporting of the
acquired business and integrating it into our existing operations. As
permitted by the SEC, management has elected to exclude Wurl from its
assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of December 31, 2022.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2022 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is
included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in management’s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) and
15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures

Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their
desired objectives. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting
will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions, and can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be
met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been
detected.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 9B. Other Information                                              │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent        │
│  Inspections                                                             │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
                                    109                                     
Table of Content s
╔═ § ══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                          ║
║                                 Part III                                 ║
║                                                                          ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
which will be filed with the SEC, no later than 120 days after December 31,
2022 (the “Proxy Statement”).
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 11. Executive Compensation                                         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management  │
│  and Related Stockholder Matters                                         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and      │
│  Director Independence                                                   │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement.
                                    110                                     
Table of Content s
╔═ § ══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                          ║
║                                 Part IV                                  ║
║                                                                          ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules                      │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Documents filed as part of this report are as follows:

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements: the Company's consolidated financial
statements are listed in the “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements”
under Part II, Item 8 of this report.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules have been
omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown
in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.

(3) Exhibits: The documents listed below are incorporated by reference or
are filed with this report, in each case as indicated therein.
                                                                            
                               EXHIBIT INDEX                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
                           Informat…                                        
                           Incorpor…                                        
                           by                                               
                           Reference                                        
  Exhibit    Exhibit       Form         File No.      Exhibit    Filing     
  Number     Title                                               Date       
             Agreement                                                      
             and Plan                                                       
             of Merger,                                                     
             by and                                                         
             among the                                                      
             registran…                                                     
             Morocco,                                                       
             Inc.,                                                          
  2.1        Morocco       S-1          333-253800        2.1    March 2,   
             Acquisiti…                                          2021       
             Sub, Inc.                                                      
             and                                                            
             Machine                                                        
             Zone,                                                          
             Inc.,                                                          
             dated as                                                       
             of May 19,                                                     
             2020.                                                          
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Share                                                          
             Purchase                                                       
             Agreement,                                                     
             by and                                                         
             among the                                                      
             registran…                                                     
             AppLovin                                                       
             Active                                                         
             Holdings,                                                      
             LLC,                                                April 7,   
  2.2#       adjust        S-1/A        333-253800        2.2    2021       
             GmbH, the                                                      
             sharehold…                                                     
             of adjust                                                      
             GmbH, and                                                      
             Spree                                                          
             Eternity                                                       
             GmbH,                                                          
             dated as                                                       
             of March                                                       
             12, 2021,                                                      
             as amended                                                     
             on March                                                       
             30, 2021.                                                      
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
  3.1        Certifica…    S-1/A        333-253800        3.2    March 22,  
             of                                                  2021       
             Incorpora…                                                     
             of the                                                         
             registran…                                                     
             Certifica…                                                     
             of Change                                                      
             of                                                             
             Location                                                       
  3.2        of            8-K          001-40325         3.1    June 15,   
             Registered                                          2021       
             Agent                                                          
             and/or                                                         
             Registered                                                     
             office.                                                        
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
  3.3        Restated      8-K          001-40325         3.1    February   
             Bylaws of                                           6, 2023    
             the                                                            
             registran…                                                     
             Form of                                                        
             Class A                                                        
             common                                              March 2,   
  4.1        stock         S-1          333-253800        4.1    2021       
             certifica…                                                     
             of the                                                         
             registran…                                                     
             Investors’                                                     
             Rights                                                         
             Agreement                                                      
             among the                                                      
             registrant                                                     
             and                                                            
             certain                                                        
  4.2        holders of    S-1/A        333-253800        4.2    March 22,  
             its                                                 2021       
             capital                                                        
             stock,                                                         
             dated as                                                       
             of August                                                      
             15, 2018,                                                      
             as                                                             
             amended.                                                       
             Form of                                                        
             Warrant to                                                     
  4.3        Purchase      S-1          333-253800        4.3    March 2,   
             Class A                                             2021       
             Common                                                         
             Stock.                                                         
             Descripti…                                                     
  4.4        of Capital                                                     
             Stock.                                                         
             Form of                                                        
             Indemnifi…                                                     
             Agreement                                                      
             between                                                        
             the                                                            
  10.1+      registrant    S-1          333-253800       10.1    March 2,   
             and each                                            2021       
             of its                                                         
             directors                                                      
             and                                                            
             executive                                                      
             officers.                                                      
             AppLovin                                                       
             Corporati…                                                     
             2011                                                           
             Equity                                              March 2,   
  10.2+      Incentive     S-1          333-253800       10.2    2021       
             Plan and                                                       
             related                                                        
             form                                                           
             agreement…                                                     
                                                                            
                                    111                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
           2021 Equity                                       March 22,      
  10.3+    Incentive Plan    S-1/A    333-253800     10.3    2021           
           and related                                                      
           form                                                             
           agreements.                                                      
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
  10.4+    2021 Executive    S-1/A    333-253800     10.4    March 22,      
           Incentive                                         2021           
           Compensation                                                     
           Plan.                                                            
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
           2021 Employee                                     March 22,      
  10.5+    Stock Purchase    S-1/A    333-253800     10.5    2021           
           Plan and                                                         
           related form                                                     
           agreements.                                                      
           Amended and                                                      
           Restated                                                         
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
  10.6     2021 Partner                                                     
           Studio                                                           
           Incentive Plan                                                   
           and related                                                      
           form                                                             
           agreements.                                                      
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
  10.7+    Outside           S-1      333-253800     10.6    March 2, 2021  
           Director                                                         
           Compensation                                                     
           Policy.                                                          
           Executive                                                        
           Change in                                                        
           Control and                                       March 22,      
  10.8+    Severance Plan    S-1/A    333-253800     10.8    2021           
           and Summary                                                      
           Plan                                                             
           Description.                                                     
           Form of                                                          
           Confirmatory                                                     
           Employment                                                       
  10.9+    Letter between    S-1      333-253800     10.7    March 2, 2021  
           the registrant                                                   
           and each of                                                      
           its executive                                                    
           officers.                                                        
           Amended and                                                      
           Restated                                                         
           Sublease, by                                                     
           and between                                                      
           1050 Page Mill                                                   
  10.10    Road Property,    S-1      333-253800     10.8    March 2, 2021  
           LLC and                                                          
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation,                                                     
           dated as of                                                      
           February 18,                                                     
           2021.                                                            
           Credit                                                           
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
           time thereto                                                     
  10.11    and Bank of       S-1      333-253800     10.9    March 2, 2021  
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           August 15,                                                       
           2018.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           1 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.12    time thereto      S-1      333-253800    10.10    March 2, 2021  
           and Bank of                                                      
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           April 23,                                                        
           2019.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           2 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.13    time thereto      S-1      333-253800    10.11    March 2, 2021  
           and Bank of                                                      
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           April 27,                                                        
           2020.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           3 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.14    time thereto      S-1      333-253800    10.12    March 2, 2021  
           and Bank of                                                      
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           May 6, 2020.                                                     
           Amendment No.                                                    
           4 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.15    time thereto      S-1      333-253800    10.13    March 2, 2021  
           and Bank of                                                      
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           October 27,                                                      
           2020.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           5 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.16    time thereto      S-1/A    333-253800    10.16    March 22,      
           and Bank of                                       2021           
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           February 12,                                                     
           2021.                                                            
                                                                            
                                    112                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
            Amendment No.                                                   
            6 to Credit                                                     
            Agreement, by                                                   
            and between                                                     
            the                                                             
            registrant,                                                     
            the lenders                                                     
            from time to                                                    
  10.17     time there to    8-K      001-40325      10.1    October 29,    
            and Bank of                                      2021           
            America,                                                        
            N.A., as                                                        
            administrati…                                                   
            agent and                                                       
            collateral                                                      
            agent, dated                                                    
            October 25,                                                     
            2021.                                                           
            Equity                                                          
            Exchange                                                        
            Agreement                                                       
            between the                                      March 22,      
  10.18+    registrant       S-1/A    333-253800    10.18    2021           
            and Herald                                                      
            Chen, dated                                                     
            March 16,                                                       
            2021.                                                           
            Director                                                        
            Nominations                                                     
            Agreement                                                       
            between the                                                     
            registrant                                       March 22,      
  10.19     and KKR          S-1/A    333-253800    10.19    2021           
            Denali                                                          
            Holdings                                                        
            L.P., dated                                                     
            March 16,                                                       
            2021.                                                           
            List of                                                         
  21.1      subsidiaries                                                    
            of the                                                          
            registrant.                                                     
            Consent of                                                      
            Deloitte &                                                      
            Touche LLP,                                                     
  23.1      Independent                                                     
            Registered                                                      
            Public                                                          
            Accounting                                                      
            Firm.                                                           
            Power of                                                        
            Attorney                                                        
  24.1      (included on                                                    
            signature                                                       
            page hereto).                                                   
            Certification                                                   
            of Principal                                                    
            Executive                                                       
            Officer                                                         
            pursuant to                                                     
            Exchange Act                                                    
            Rules                                                           
  31.1      13a-14(a) and                                                   
            15d-14(a), as                                                   
            adopted                                                         
            pursuant to                                                     
            Section 302                                                     
            of the                                                          
            Sarbanes-Oxl…                                                   
            Act of 2002.                                                    
            Certification                                                   
            of Principal                                                    
            Financial                                                       
            Officer                                                         
            pursuant to                                                     
            Exchange Act                                                    
            Rules                                                           
  31.2      13a-14(a) and                                                   
            15d-14(a), as                                                   
            adopted                                                         
            pursuant to                                                     
            Section 302                                                     
            of the                                                          
            Sarbanes-Oxl…                                                   
            Act of 2002.                                                    
            Certificatio…                                                   
            of Principal                                                    
            Executive                                                       
            Officer and                                                     
            Principal                                                       
            Financial                                                       
            Officer                                                         
  32.1†     pursuant to                                                     
            18 U.S.C.                                                       
            Section 1350,                                                   
            as adopted                                                      
            pursuant to                                                     
            Section 906                                                     
            of the                                                          
            Sarbanes-Oxl…                                                   
            Act of 2002.                                                    
            The following                                                   
            financial                                                       
            statements                                                      
            from the                                                        
            Company’s                                                       
            Annual Report                                                   
            on Form 10-K                                                    
            for the year                                                    
            ended                                                           
            December 31,                                                    
            2022,                                                           
            formatted in                                                    
            Inline XBRL:                                                    
            (i)                                                             
            Consolidated                                                    
            Balance                                                         
            Sheets, (ii)                                                    
            Consolidated                                                    
            Statements of                                                   
            Operations,                                                     
  101       (iii)                                                           
            Consolidated                                                    
            Statements of                                                   
            Comprehensive                                                   
            Loss, (iv)                                                      
            Consolidated                                                    
            Statements of                                                   
            Redeemable                                                      
            Noncontrolli…                                                   
            Interest and                                                    
            Stockholders’                                                   
            Equity                                                          
            (Deficit),                                                      
            (v)                                                             
            Consolidated                                                    
            Statements of                                                   
            Cash Flows,                                                     
            and (vi)                                                        
            Notes to                                                        
            Consolidated                                                    
            Financial                                                       
            Statements.                                                     
            Cover Page                                                      
            Interactive                                                     
  104       Data File                                                       
            (contained in                                                   
            Exhibit 101).                                                   
                                                                            
                                                            
  +    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  
                                                            
                                                                            
       Certain exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in  
  #    accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). We agree to furnish   
       supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the   
       Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request.                 
                                                                            
                                    113                                     
Table of Content s
† The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any
filing of AppLovin Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any
general incorporation language contained in such filing.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary                                              │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
                                    114                                     
Table of Content s
                                                                            
  SIGNATURES                                                                
                                                                            
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                            
  Date: February 28,                                                        
  2023                      APPLOVIN CORPORATION                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            By:                     /s/ Adam Foroughi       
                                                    Adam Foroughi           
                                                    Chief Executive         
                                                    Officer                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  POWER OF ATTORNEY                                                         
                                                                            
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears
below constitutes and appoints Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen and Victoria
Valenzuela, and each one of them, as their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact
and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for them and
in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and
all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-
in-fact and agents or any of them, or their substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and
on the dates indicated.
                                                                            
                             Title                                          
                             Chief Executive Officer                        
  Signature                  and Chairperson                                
  /s/ Adam Foroughi          (Principal Executive        Date               
  Adam Foroughi              Officer)                    February 28, 2023  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Herald Chen                                                           
                             Chief Financial Officer,                       
                             President, and Director                        
  Herald Chen                (Principal Financial        February 28, 2023  
                             Officer and Principal                          
                             Accounting Officer)                            
  /s/ Craig Billings         Director                    February 28, 2023  
  Craig Billings                                                            
  /s/ Margaret Georgiadis    Director                    February 28, 2023  
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
                                                                            
                                                             
  /s/ Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                   
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson        Director    February 28, 2023  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Edward Oberwager                                       
  Edward Oberwager            Director    February 28, 2023  
  /s/ Asha Sharma                                            
  Asha Sharma                 Director    February 28, 2023  
  /s/ Eduardo Vivas                                          
  Eduardo Vivas               Director    February 28, 2023  
                                                             
                                    115                                     
