                                                                            
                               UNITED STATES                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
                           Washington, D.C. 20549                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                 FORM 10-K                                  
                                                                            
(Mark One)
                                                                            
  ☒    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES      
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                     OR                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  ☐    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  
       EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                       For transition period from to                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
                      Commission File Number 001-40325                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)           
                                                         
  Delaware                           45-3264542          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                                                            
                            1100 Page Mill Road                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                        Palo Alto, California 94304                         
                                                                            
 (Address of registrant's principal executive offices, including zip code)  
                                                                            
                              ( 800) 839-9646                               
                                                                            
            (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)            
        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:         
                                                                            
  Title of each class         Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange on    
                                                which registered            
  Class A common stock,                         The Nasdaq Stock Market     
  par value $0.00003          APP               LLC                         
  per share                                                                 
                                                                            
      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None      
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No☒

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☐    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☒    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a)
of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes ☐No ☒

The aggregate market value of the registrant’s voting and non-voting common
equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2021, the last
business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $
15.45billion based on the closing sales price of the registrant’s Class A
common stock on that date. Shares of the registrant's Class A common stock
and Class B common stock held by each executive officer and director and by
each person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been
excluded from this computation. This determination of affiliate status is
not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

As of March 4, 2022, the number of shares of the registrant's Class A common
stock outstanding was 297,163,913and the number of shares of the
registrant's Class B common stock outstanding was 78,662,622.
                                                                            
                    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE                     
                                                                            
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after
the end of the registrant’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                             Table of Contents                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                      Page  
  Part I                                                           4        
  Item 1.       Business                                           4        
  Item 1A.      Risk Factors                                      15        
  Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments                         50        
  Item 2.       Properties                                        50        
  Item 3.       Legal Proceedings                                 50        
  Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures                           50        
  Part II                                                         51        
                Market for Registrant's Common Equity,                      
  Item 5.       Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer            51        
                Purchases of Equity Securities                              
  Item 6.       [Reserved]                                        52        
  Item 7.       Management's Discussion and Analysis of           53        
                Financial Condition and Results of Operations               
  Item 7A.      Quantitativeand Qualitative DisclosuresAbout      73        
                Market Risk                                                 
  Item 8.       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data       74        
  Item 9.       Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants    118        
                on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                      
  Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures                          118        
  Item 9B.      Other Information                                118        
  Item 9C.      Disclosure Regarding Foreign                     118        
                Jurisdictionsthat Prevent Inspections                       
  Part III                                                       119        
  Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate      119        
                Governance                                                  
  Item 11.      Executive Compensation                           119        
                Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial                    
  Item 12.      Owner and Management and Related Stockholder     119        
                Matters                                                     
  Item 13.      Certain Relationship and Related                 120        
                Transactions, and Director Independence                     
  Item 14.      Principal AccountantFees and Services            120        
  Part IV                                                        121        
  Item 15.      ExhibitandFinancial Statement Schedules          121        
  Item 16.      Form 10-K Summary                                124        
  Signatures                                                     125        
                                                                            
                                     2                                      
Table of Contents
                                                                            
   NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                    
                                                                            
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve
substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally
relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain
words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,”
“could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these
words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations,
strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K include statements about:

• our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our
revenue, cost of revenue, and operating expenses, and our ability to achieve
or maintain future profitability;

• the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity
needs;

• the demand for our AppLovin Software Platform and AppLovin Apps;

• our ability to attract and retain business clients and users;

• our ability to develop new products, features, and enhancements for our
AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software Platform and to launch or
acquire new AppLovin Apps and successfully monetize them;

• our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in existing and
new markets and offerings;

• our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and assets and
to expand and diversify our operations through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships;

• our ability to maintain the security and availability of our AppLovin Core
Technologies, AppLovin Software Platform, and AppLovin Apps;

• our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing laws and
regulations, including with respect to taxation and privacy and data
protection;

• our ability to manage risk associated with our business;

• our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;

• our ability to develop and protect our brand;

• our expectations and management of future growth;

• our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;

• our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel;

• our integration plans following our acquisition of MoPub;

• our integration plans and performance expectations for, and the expected
timing for the closing of, our acquisition of Wurl;
• our expectations regarding our share repurchase program;
• our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property;
and

• the increased expenses associated with being a public company.

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-
looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future
events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and
projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The
outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is
subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those
described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly
changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time
and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that
could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events,
and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be
achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.

Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate
only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
this Annual
                                     3                                      
Table of Contents
Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of
unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve
the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking
statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking
statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential
impact of any future acquisitions, partnerships, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures, or investments we may make.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our
beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based
upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis
for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our
statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an
exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are
cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
╔═ § ══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                          ║
║                                  Part I                                  ║
║                                                                          ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 1. Business                                                        │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of
mobile app developers.

Our software solutions provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to
grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and
monetization of their apps. Our software, coupled with our deep industry
knowledge and expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale a successful and
diversified portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also accelerated our
market penetration through an active acquisition and partnership strategy.
Our scaled and integrated business model sits at the nexus of the mobile app
ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive advantage that has fueled our
clients’ success and our strong growth.

Over the past two decades, mobile apps have become integral to our lives.
Mobile apps offer a wide array of applications, such as allowing users to
seamlessly share ideas, make purchases, monitor health, and access
entertainment. Growth of the mobile app ecosystem benefits mobile app users,
but makes it harder for mobile app developers, and particularly indie
developers, to scale and succeed in a crowded market. Most developers lack
access to the marketing, monetization, and data analytics tools required to
stand out among millions of competing mobile apps or attract sufficient
numbers of mobile app users to create and sustain a successful long-term
business.

The marketing and monetization challenges faced by mobile app developers are
particularly acute for developers of mobile games, which is one of the
largest and fastest-growing segments within the mobile app ecosystem.

AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app developers, in particular
mobile game developers, solving key marketing and monetization challenges.
Through our technologies and scaled distribution, developers are able to
manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing investments, and improve the
monetization of their apps. The key elements of our solutions are delivered
through the AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software Platform:

• AppLovin Core Technologies : Our foundational technology infrastructure
which powers our Software Platform and, in turn, our Apps. Our Core
Technologies consist of our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine, our
App Graph, and our elastic cloud infrastructure. Our App Graph stores and
manages anonymized data from hundreds of millions of mobile devices we reach
every day, which our AXON engine then leverages to better predict and match
users to relevant advertising content.

• AppLovin Software Platform : A comprehensive suite of tools for developers
to get their mobile apps discovered and downloaded by the right users,
optimize return on marketing spend, and maximize monetization of engagement.
Our Software Platform is comprised of three solutions:

• AppDiscovery, our marketing software solution, is the cornerstone of our
Software Platform, augmented by our rapidly growing MAX monetization
solution. AppDiscovery is powered by AXON and provides the technology to
match advertiser demand with publisher supply through auctions at vast scale
and microsecond- level speeds.

• Adjust is our SaaS mobile marketing platform which allows marketers to
make smarter decisions through measurement, attribution, and fraud
prevention.

• MAX utilizes an advanced in-app bidding technology that optimizes the
value of a developer’s advertising inventory by running a real-time
competitive auction, driving more competition, and higher returns for
publishers.

In 2018, given an opportunity to scale our own apps using our Software
Platform, insights, and expertise in the mobile app ecosystem, we launched
our first-party content strategy, AppLovin Apps. Today, our Apps consist of
a globally diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-play mobile games
across five genres, run by nineteen studios including studios that we own
(Owned Studios) and others that we partner with (Partner Studios). Our Apps
provide data and insights as users play games, thus improving our App Graph
and AXON recommendation engine. Our studios generally focus on the
                                     4                                      
Table of Contents
development of easy to learn and play games, which appeal to a broad range
of demographics, but also develop several games for other genres.

The combination of our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps forms
a strategic flywheel that drives growth across our business and furthers our
competitive advantages. As more developers use our Software Platform to
market and monetize their mobile apps, we gain access to more users and more
user engagement further strengthening our scaled distribution. As our
distribution grows, we gain better insights for our App Graph and AXON
recommendation engine, which then further enhances our Software Platform.
This continuously improving flywheel helps developers that use our Software
Platform to create and sustain successful businesses, growing both our own
business and the mobile app ecosystem.

We accelerate our capabilities and enhance our strategic position in the
mobile app ecosystem by actively pursuing acquisitions and partnerships for
new technologies and apps. Insights that we derive from our strategic
position and flywheel allow us to proactively identify attractive
acquisition and partnership opportunities across the mobile app ecosystem.
From the beginning of 2018 through December 31, 2021, we have invested over
$2.5 billion across 27 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app
studios, games, and software platforms. In the case of new apps, we are able
to deploy our Software Platform and expertise to accelerate revenue growth,
enabling us to target strong returns on investment. Strategic acquisitions
and partnerships will continue to be a part of our growth strategy going
forward.
                                                                            
  How We Grow the Mobile App Ecosystem                                      
                                                                            
We have built and invested in our Core Technologies and Software Platform,
which expand the mobile app ecosystem by solving key developer growth
challenges. We deliver value to mobile app developers by helping scale their
businesses and maximize their revenue through our marketing and monetization
technologies and expertise. Our Core Technologies and Software Platform
combine marketing, monetization, and analytics into a single unified
technology stack.
                                                                            
  AppLovin’s Integrated Approach                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  AppLovin Core Technologies                                                
                                                                            
Our Core Technologies are our foundational technology infrastructure, which
powers our Software Platform and, in turn, our Apps. Our Core Technologies
consist of our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph
data management layer, and our elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core
Technologies catalogue and consolidate interactions every day into our
proprietary App Graph. AXON receives information from our App Graph and uses
its machine-learning algorithms to match each user to relevant advertising
content, driving better engagement and monetization.

Our flexible, robust cloud infrastructure is the backbone of our Core
Technologies. This proprietary system allows us to operate at massive scale
and process significant data while maintaining a high degree of flexibility,
so that we may keep pace with the ever-evolving needs of our customers. Our
globally distributed data infrastructure ensures we are able to connect with
devices worldwide and process aggregate user activity across our Software
Platform.
                                                                            
  AppLovin Software Platform                                                
                                                                            
Our Software Platform provides a comprehensive suite of tools for developers
to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and
monetization of their apps. This suite is made up of three key solutions:

• AppDiscovery is our marketing software solution, which matches advertiser
demand with publisher supply through auctions at vast scale and microsecond-
level speeds. AppDiscovery is powered by our AXON machine-
                                     5                                      
Table of Contents
learning recommendation engine with predictive algorithms that enable
developers to match their apps to users that are more likely to download
them .

• Adjust is an analytics platform that helps marketers grow their mobile
apps with solutions for measuring and optimizing campaigns and protecting
user data. Adjust powers thousands of apps with built-in intelligence and
automation, backed by responsive global customer support.

• MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of an app’s
advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive auction, driving
more competition and higher returns for publishers. Many developers that
integrate MAX have experienced a measurable increase in their average
revenue per daily active user over traditional monetization tools and save
countless hours because they are able to automate manual monetization work
through its advanced feature set.

When deployed together, our Software Platform helps developers better reach
and monetize a more precisely targeted and valuable user base.

Our Software Platform is delivered through an integrated and seamless user
interface, allowing developers to accelerate their revenue opportunities,
reduce the time they spend on marketing and monetization, and focus on what
they do best—developing apps.
                                                                            
  AppLovin Apps                                                             
                                                                            
Our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-
play mobile games run by nineteen studios with a deep bench of talented
developers. Our diversified portfolio covers five gaming genres, the most
frequent of which is casual games, and appeals to a broad global audience
across different ages, genders, and locations.

Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios utilize our Software Platform to
market and monetize our Apps. When using our Software Platform, our Apps
have an economic advantage, which benefits our business as a whole. The
strategy of our studios is to allow developers to focus on creating great
Apps, while leveraging our Software Platform and expertise to unlock the
potential of those Apps.
                                                                            
  Our Strategic Flywheel                                                    
                                                                            
The mutually reinforcing combination of our Software Platform’s scaled
distribution, our App’s first- party content, and our Core Technologies’
recommendation engine creates a powerful flywheel effect that enhances each
component and importantly improves our overall strategic position and
capabilities. As our Software Platform improves and is able to deliver more
effective ads to more relevant users, more developers use and integrate
their apps with our Software Platform, growing our scaled distribution. This
grows the number of users on and level of engagement with our Apps and
third-party apps. With a larger number of users engaged with our Software
Platform and our Apps, our App Graph gains more insights and data. The
enhanced App Graph feeds our Core Technologies, including our AXON machine-
learning recommendation engine, improving its insights and matching
capabilities. As the insights generated by AXON improve, the effectiveness
of our Software Platform is enhanced in real-time. Improvements to our
Software Platform lead to more developer demand, restarting the virtuous
cycle of our strategic flywheel.

Our Software Platform benefits from more apps and users from both our Apps
and those of third- party developers. Through more volume and strong
underlying software, our Software Platform can better match and price the
supply of advertising inventory and demand from advertisers, helping users
discover the apps they love and delivering better returns for developers.
Apps—whether third party or our own—benefit from the improved marketing and
monetization capabilities of our Software Platform, driving growth in users
and revenue. With greater scale and resources, developers can reinvest to
create new apps, improve existing apps, and further invest in user
acquisition, thereby growing the overall mobile app ecosystem.

We derive highly strategic insights from our flywheel. As the largest user
of our Software Platform, our Apps benefit from the expertise and cost
savings of our Software Platform, leading to greater returns on user
acquisition spend. This allows our Apps to make significant investments in
user acquisition, giving us further insights into the effectiveness of our
tools and monetization strategies across the ecosystem.
                                     6                                      
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  Our Strategic Acquisitions and Partnerships                               
                                                                            
We accelerate our technical capabilities, strategic positioning, and growth
through strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We have developed a proven
and repeatable process for acquiring highly sophisticated technology that
enhances our Core Technologies and Software Platform and for selecting and
scaling our Apps global portfolio. Our business sits at the nexus of the
mobile app ecosystem, which gives us deep insights into potential
acquisitions and partnerships. Additionally, as a first-hand participant in
the mobile app ecosystem, we have developed a strong relationship with other
participants, allowing us to more easily identify and enter into
partnerships or acquire companies and technologies. Our acquisitions and
partnerships include investments in software, such as our acquisitions of
Adjust, MAX, MoPub, and SafeDK, and game studios, such as our acquisition of
PeopleFun and partnership with Belka Games.

Our unique and active role in the ecosystem allows us to make informed,
data-driven decisions regarding which tools best address developer pain
points. As part of AppLovin, our strategic acquisitions and partnerships
benefit from our software and expertise, typically achieving step-function
improvements in performance. Once we have acquired or partnered with a
studio, we allow the studio to maintain its creative autonomy and help the
studio to manage its business needs by leveraging all of the tools and
capabilities of our Core Technologies and Software Platform. Given our
strategic insights and long-standing relationships with many game studios,
we are able to identify highly attractive acquisitions and partnerships.
From the beginning of 2018 through December 31, 2021, we have invested over
$2.5 billion across 27 strategic acquisitions and partnerships in software
and gaming.
                                                                            
  Benefits to Mobile App Developers                                         
                                                                            
We enable mobile app developers to:

• Reach and attract users at scale. Our Software Platform reaches millions
of users per day, enabling developers to target and find the right users for
their apps worldwide. Developers are able to set their user acquisition and
revenue goals to target the most relevant, highest value users.

• Maximize monetization of engagement. Developers use our Software Platform
to generate incremental revenue by maximizing the monetization of their
mobile app ad inventory. Our tools operate at nearly instantaneous speeds
and at vast scale to enhance monetization for developers while preserving
the end user experience.

• Leverage proprietary data and insights. Developers benefit from accessing
comprehensive real-time insights through our customized user dashboards,
helping them optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their
return on investment.
                                     7                                      
Table of Contents
• Automate time consuming and manual processes. Our Software Platform
automates marketing and monetization, allowing developers to focus on
improving their apps rather than managing complex go-to-market processes
manually.

• Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation. Our cloud-based Core Technologies
and Software Platform are continuously updated as the mobile app ecosystem
evolves. Developers on our Software Platform benefit from this ongoing
advancement and optimization, and are able to rapidly adapt to industry
changes in marketing and monetization without losing focus on mobile app
creation.
                                                                            
  Our Strategy for Growth                                                   
                                                                            
We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our growth and further enhance
our market position in the mobile app ecosystem.

• Existing market expansion. We have an attractive market opportunity within
our growing mobile app segments and will continue to invest across our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps.

• Enhance and extend machine-learning platform technologies. As we increase
our scale and reach, we benefit from compounding improvements to our AXON
machine-learning recommendation engine, which in turn improves the efficacy
and growth of our Software Platform solutions.

• Expand distribution reach and software capabilities. Improvements to AXON
and our App Graph help to accelerate AppDiscovery’s growth. We also see an
opportunity to increase market adoption of our MAX monetization solution, in
part, through our acquisition of MoPub. By integrating MoPub's reach and
product features into our existing Software Platform, we expect to better
maximize revenue growth and improve efficiencies for our combined customers.

• Grow AppLovin Apps. We intend to grow our AppLovin Apps portfolio by
making appropriate user acquisition investments, using live-ops to enhance
engagement and monetization of our Apps, and launching new titles.

• New market extensions. We believe our technology and expertise are
applicable to other market segments and geographies that we do not currently
address:

◦ Expand into other mobile app segments and industries. Our long-term
objective is to power and operate mobile apps across multiple verticals such
as e-commerce, entertainment, and health and wellness. We believe our deep
expertise and capabilities in the complex mobile gaming sector will allow us
to successfully apply our technology in other verticals.

◦ Geographic expansion and industry partnerships. We have a large
international expansion opportunity given only 40% of our total revenue came
from outside of the United States in 2021. To expand our reach, we plan to
further invest in our sales and marketing to increase penetration among new
and existing clients.

◦ Other performance marketing and yield marketing categories. We believe our
technology and expertise are applicable to other large and growing
performance marketing categories beyond mobile apps.

• Pursue accretive strategic acquisitions and partnerships. Given our proven
track record, long-standing relationships with key industry players, and
reputation as a partner of choice, we have a deep pipeline of software and
app investment opportunities which we will continue to pursue.

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps

We solve the marketing and monetization challenges facing mobile app
developers through our Core Technologies and Software Platform. We help grow
the worldwide mobile app ecosystem by enabling developers to scale their
businesses while remaining focused on creating and improving their apps. We
scale our own Apps by fully utilizing our Software Platform and expert
insights, while continuously improving our software for the benefit of all
developers.
                                     8                                      
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  AppLovin Core Technologies                                                
                                                                            
Our Core Technologies power our client-facing Software Platform and consist
of our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph, and a
flexible, robust cloud infrastructure. The underlying elastic architecture
is managed through multiple cloud providers and our own co-located data
centers, handling massive amounts of data while remaining flexible enough to
rapidly add new solutions and technology in response to changing market and
customer needs. Our Core Technologies process device-level data from
millions of devices. Our App Graph stores and manages this anonymized data
allowing AXON to then leverage it to better predict and match users to
relevant advertising content. These insights fuel our Software Platform,
which better matches users to content and create a more personalized
experience.

Our Software Platform also enables real-time auctions that optimize the
value for each impression, while simultaneously enabling developers to
attain an attractive value for each of the impressions from their inventory.
The sum total of these mutually reinforcing software elements has created a
robust and successful marketing and monetization engine that operates at
high scale and speed.
                                                                            
  AppLovin Software Platform                                                
                                                                            
Our comprehensive Software Platform enables app developers to automate their
mobile app marketing, engagement, and monetization efforts in three core
ways. First, we provide marketing technology that allows developers to reach
more of the most suitable users with personalized content, in order to
increase the number of users who download and engage with their apps.
Second, we provide developers with monetization and analytics technology to
maximize the value of their inventory by obtaining a high price for each
impression. Third, we provide developers a set of capabilities to optimize
their apps and help streamline their businesses.

Our key Software Platform offerings are AppDiscovery, Adjust and MAX.
                                                                            
  AppDiscovery                                                              
                                                                            
AppDiscovery is a suite of marketing solutions that enables developers to
automate, optimize, and manage their marketing efforts. AppDiscovery is
powered by machine-learning with predictive algorithms that enable
developers to match their apps to users that are more likely to download
them. This form of personalized advertising focuses on the end user,
enabling the advertisers to find the right users and delivering to users
more of what they are likely to be interested in. AppDiscovery leverages our
AXON machine-learning recommendation engine to target the right users with
the right marketing campaign, at scale. Advertisers not only attract users
that download, but also find a high volume of users that stay and engage
with their apps for greater retention and ultimately, increased
opportunities for better monetization. Revenue from AppDiscovery comprises a
vast majority of revenue from our Software Platform.

With AppDiscovery, advertisers can define the framework of their campaigns
in the following ways:

• Reach: Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay to acquire their
target users. Our technology finds the users at that value who are most
likely to download and engage with the app.
                                     9                                      
Table of Contents
• Global scale: Advertisers can choose to connect with users in different
regions around the world, and our technology suggests the best locations
based on their parameters.

• Retain and engage: Our algorithms automatically adjust based on the
likelihood users will engage. Our clients can analyze by retention periods
from initial app download onwards, so that advertisers understand the
effectiveness of their marketing investments.

• Targeted returns: Advertisers set their goals and target return on ad
sales and our algorithms adjust cost and campaign specifics to meet them.

AppDiscovery includes the following features:

• Advanced campaign management: An interface to create, manage, and
automatically optimize campaigns based on return on ad sales goals.

• Real-time analytics: An interface to see results and optimize against them
with our ROI-based analytics environment.

• Life-Time-Value (LTV) reporting: A tool that breaks down campaign results
by source and location, allowing advertisers to make real-time, informed
decisions about the value and longevity of their campaigns.

• High quality and quantity creatives: Advertisers can make and test as many
creatives as needed. They also have access to our in-house creative team for
expert ad creation and testing strategies.
                                                                            
  Adjust                                                                    
                                                                            
Adjust is our SaaS mobile marketing platform which allows clients to better
understand their users’ journey while allowing marketers to make smarter
decisions through measurement, attribution, and fraud prevention.
                                                                            
  MAX                                                                       
                                                                            
MAX is a suite of monetization solutions that optimize the value of a
developer’s traffic by running a single unbiased auction in which
advertisers bid simultaneously, driving more competition and higher prices
for publishers. MAX auctions are more effective than historical tools and
approaches because MAX yields more targeted users for advertisers and
enables publishers to achieve better prices for each impression. MAX has
become the preferred in-app bidding solution for many developers worldwide,
helping drive meaningful growth and momentum for MAX.

MAX includes the following features:

• Advanced in-app bidding technology: MAX’s competitive auctions happen in
real time with the most bidding platforms in the industry bidding
simultaneously for developers’ inventory at high volume. The competitive
global demand helps maximize average revenue per user on each impression
with many developers experiencing a measurable increase when moving to MAX .

• Automated monetization: MAX saves developers time through its extensive
suite of APIs for automation.

• Ad quality assurance and review: MAX drives superior user experience with
exclusive features that automatically flag risky content to keep developers’
brands safe.

• Powerful insights: MAX helps developers better understand the LTV for each
user and increase revenue to maximize yield for each ad opportunity.
                                                                            
  AppLovin Apps                                                             
                                                                            
Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 350
free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by nineteen studios
located worldwide with a deep bench of talented developers. Our Owned
Studios and Partner Studios have developed and published games across a
number of genres including: casual, hypercasual, match-three,
                                     10                                     
Table of Contents
midcore, and card/casino. Our Apps contribute a highly predictable and
diversified stream of revenue which we leverage to invest into acquiring
more users and driving continued growth.

A diverse portfolio allows us to reach multiple user demographics and
diversify our mobile game development across many different genres. We have
a broad audience on our Apps and this allows our Software Platform to
connect users to a wide range of content. Today, a large segment of our
portfolio is casual games which have a lower risk of development and
generally have more predictable revenue streams and return on investments.
Casual games can be played a few minutes at a time and appeal to a wide
range of users across many highly attractive demographics.

Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios leverage live ops to quickly iterate
and increase in-game monetization by optimizing app economies and improving
in-game conversion on items and offers. Our Software Platform and expertise
provide analytical tools, testing capabilities, and other solutions such as
distributed development, competitive insights, localizations resources,
creative services to develop and test ads and resource centers to access
design and development expertise.

We also provide a set of services that help both our Apps and third-party
developers optimize their games and leverage our expertise to better
streamline their business operations.
                                                                            
  Competition                                                               
                                                                            
We operate in a fragmented mobile app ecosystem composed of divisions of
large, well- established companies as well as privately-held companies. The
large companies in our ecosystem may play multiple different roles given the
breadth of their businesses.

• Advertisers typically engage with several advertising platforms and
networks to purchase advertisements on mobile games and other mobile apps,
looking to optimize their marketing investments. Such advertising platform
companies vary in size and include players such as Facebook, Google, Amazon,
and Unity Software, as well as various private companies. Several of these
platforms, including Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software, are also
our partners and clients.

• There are many companies that develop online and mobile games and other
mobile apps. The larger gaming companies in our ecosystem include Activision
Blizzard (Microsoft), Tencent, and Zynga (Take-Two Interactive), as well as
other public and private companies. Many of these companies are also our
partners and clients. We also expect new developers to enter the market and
existing companies to allocate more resources to develop and market more
mobile games and apps.

We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are:

• the ability to enhance and improve technologies and offerings;

• knowledge, expertise, and experience in the mobile app ecosystem;

• relationships with third parties in the mobile app ecosystem;

• the ability to reach and target a large number of users;

• the ability to identify and execute on strategic transactions;

• the ability to successfully launch and monetize mobile apps;

• the pricing and perceived value of offerings;

• brand and reputation; and

• ability to expand into new offerings and geographies.

We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors.
                                                                            
  Our Values                                                                
                                                                            
Our AppLovin Values capture our company’s culture and guide our approach on
how we build and grow our business with all stakeholders:

We seek excellence, together. We know that our customers trust us to deliver
immersive experiences and best-in-class tools. We take this very seriously,
challenging one another to always do better. We are our toughest critics and
most loyal fans. While we value individual initiative, we collaborate to
drive forward as one team.

We are tenacious, move fast, and deliver. We move quickly and intentionally.
Together we set a fast pace with high expectations, and then move beyond. We
leverage all of our resources so we do not miss opportunities and find ways
to deliver exceptional solutions.
                                     11                                     
Table of Contents
We operate with integrity and intellectual honesty. We may move quickly and
deliver, but we do it the right way. We do what is fair and operate with
integrity because that is always the best course for customers, partners and
all other stakeholders.

We foster entrepreneurship to challenge what is next. Taking risks and
embracing challenges are part of our DNA. We empower our employees to try
new things, question others, and innovate. This opens doors to new
opportunities, which leads to more successful outcomes.

We excel through our culture of equality. Diversity and inclusion are
principles that guide how we build our teams, grow our employees, and
develop our company. We celebrate different approaches, points of view, and
our diverse voices. It connects us with the players, developers, and global
communities we serve.

Our employees are a key reason for our success and are essential for our
continued growth. We benefit from a distributed global workforce and we plan
to continue investing in hiring employees in our many locations worldwide.
Our culture, industry success, and competitive compensation enable us to
successfully retain our employees and to effectively recruit and retain new
talent. We were named one of the Hottest Adtech Companies of 2021 by
Business Insider, as well as a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021 and
2022. The San Francisco Business Times and Silicon Valley Business Journal
awarded us one of the Bay Area’s Best Places to Work in 2019, 2020, and
2021.
                                                                            
  Research and Development                                                  
                                                                            
Continued investment in research and development is important to advancing
our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps. These advancements are
key to attaining our strategic objectives and meeting the evolving needs of
our customers. The underlying elastic architecture of our Core Technologies
allows us to create, test, and deploy new features rapidly while
distributing them globally. We also continue to invest in new and existing
Apps.

Our research and development team is working on cutting edge technologies,
which allows us to attract top talent globally. As of December 31, 2021, we
had approximately 864 employees, or 54% of our total headcount, involved in
research and development and related activities. Our research and
development organization is based in Palo Alto, California with additional
resources around the world.
                                                                            
  Intellectual Property                                                     
                                                                            
Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual
property rights with respect to our Core Technologies, Software Platform,
and Apps, and to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise
violating valid and enforceable third-party intellectual property. We seek
to accomplish that objective by establishing intellectual property rights in
and protecting those assets through a combination of patents, patent
applications, registered and unregistered trademarks, copyrights, trade
secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure
agreements with third parties, and other contractual measures. Though we
rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that
factors, such as our unique position in the mobile app ecosystem and as one
of the largest mobile game publishers, our flywheel advantage, our expertise
and determination of our employees, and the functionality and flexibility of
our Core Technologies and Software Platform in an ever-evolving industry,
are also key contributors to our success.

As of December 31, 2021, we owned the following trademarks related to the
business: 63 registered trademarks in the United States, 16 pending
trademark applications in the United States, as well as 647 registered
trademarks in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 71 pending trademark applications
in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. We also have registered domain names for
websites that we use in our business, such as www.applovin.com. Finally, as
of December 31, 2021, we owned the following patents related to the
business: 60 issued U.S. patents, 5 U.S. patent applications, 24 non-U.S.
issued patents, and 22 non-U.S. pending patent applications. Our issued U.S.
patents, and any patents that may issue from our pending applications, are
scheduled to expire at dates ranging between 2022 and 2039, excluding any
additional term for patent term adjustments or extensions. We have acquired
a number of patents through our acquisitions that are not critical to the
combined business on a post-closing basis. As such, we regularly review our
patent portfolio, and have and expect to continue to abandon the prosecution
of patents that are not critical to our operations.

We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the
extent we believe it would advance our business objectives and maintain our
competitive position. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no
assurance that we will adequately protect our intellectual property or that
it will provide any competitive advantage. We take steps to protect our
proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality
agreements with our employees, consultants, developers, and vendors, and
generally limiting access to and distribution of our proprietary
information. However, we cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will
prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to
protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt
to copy aspects of our Core Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps or
obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing
unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult and time consuming.
Further, our intellectual property rights may be invalidated, circumvented,
or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not
protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United
States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently
as government agencies and private
                                     12                                     
Table of Contents
parties in the United States. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks
Related to Intellectual Property” for more information regarding risks
related to intellectual property.
                                                                            
  Employees and Additional Team Members                                     
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2021, we had a total of 1,594 full-time employees located
in fourteen countries. As a result of our 27 strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, we also have access to approximately 2,721 additional team
members, approximately 74% of whom are research and development resources
and all of whom are located outside of the United States. Our geographic
diversification enhances our ability to retain and attract highly skilled
talent as well as manage our headcount costs. As of December 31, 2021,
approximately 47% of our full-time employees were located outside of the
United States. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. In
certain countries in which we operate, we are subject to, and comply with,
local labor law requirements, which may automatically make our employees
subject to industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We have not
experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our
employees to be good. We work to identify, attract, and retain employees who
are aligned with and will help us progress towards our mission, and we seek
to provide competitive cash and equity compensation.
                                                                            
  Compliance with Government Regulation                                     
                                                                            
We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws and
regulations that affect companies conducting business on mobile platforms,
including those relating to privacy, data protection, and the use and
protection of data from employees, users and others (including minors), the
internet, behavioral advertising, mobile apps, content, advertising and
marketing activities, sweepstakes and giveaways, and anti-corruption.
Additional laws and regulations relating to these areas likely will be
passed in the future, and these or existing laws and regulations may be
interpreted or enforced in new or expanded manners, each of which could
result in significant limitations on ways we can collect and process data of
users, employees and others, communicate with users, and operate our
business. New and evolving laws and regulations, and changes in their
enforcement and interpretation, may require changes to our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or business practices, and may
significantly increase our compliance costs and otherwise adversely affect
our business and results of operations. As our business expands to scale our
Software Platform and include additional Apps, and our operations continue
to expand internationally, our compliance requirements and costs may
increase and we may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny.
                                                                            
  Data Privacy and Security Laws                                            
                                                                            
The data we collect and otherwise process is integral to our Core
Technologies, Software Platform and Apps, providing us with insights to
improve our developer tools, to optimize app discovery and monetization and
to improve our Apps. Our collection, use, receipt, and other processing of
data in our business subjects us to numerous U.S. state and federal laws and
regulations, and foreign laws and regulations, addressing privacy, data
protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure,
protection and processing of certain types of data. Such regulations
include, for example, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation,
the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Section 5(a) of the Federal
Trade Commission Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act. We work to
comply with, and to help allow developers and ecosystem partners to comply
with, applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection
and information security. This helps underpin our strategy of building trust
and providing a strong experience to ecosystem partners and clients. See the
section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We are subject to
laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security, data
protection, consumer protection, and protection of minors, and these laws
and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to
comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations” for additional information
about our approach to laws and regulations relating to privacy, data
protection, and information security.
                                                                            
  Corporate Information                                                     
                                                                            
We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July 2011.
Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo
Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is (800) 839-9646. Our
website address is www.applovin.com. Information contained on, or that can
be accessed through, our website does not constitute part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and inclusions of our website address in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are inactive textual references only. You should not
consider information contained on our website to be part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or in deciding whether to purchase shares of our Class A
common stock.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law trademarks,
service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
are the property of AppLovin Corporation. Other trademarks and trade names
referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their
respective owners.
                                                                            
  Available Information                                                     
                                                                            
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections
13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, are filed with the SEC. Such reports and other information
filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com when such reports are available on the SEC’s
website. The SEC maintains an
                                     13                                     
Table of Contents
internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and
other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at
www.sec.gov. The information contained on the websites referenced in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this
filing. Further, our references to website URLs are intended to be inactive
textual references only.

We announce material information to the public through filings with the SEC,
the investor relations page on our website, press releases, public
conference calls, webcasts, and our corporate blog at blog.applovin.com in
order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the
public and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation
FD. We encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels
listed above and to review the information disclosed through such channels.
Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will
announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our
website.
                                     14                                     
Table of Contents
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                   │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K before making a decision to invest in our Class A
common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or
prospects could also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties that
are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material.
If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that
event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment.
                                                                            
  Risk Factor Summary                                                       
                                                                            
Our business operations are subject to numerous risks, factors and
uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our
actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following:

Business, Operational and Industry Factors
• our limited operating history;

• the unpredictability of our results of operations;

• competition in our industry;

• our ability to adapt to technological change;

• our ability to attract and retain clients;

• our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of our
advertising and maintain and improve our machine-learning (ML) engine AXON;

• our ability to maintain or increase advertiser demand and third-party
publisher supply, the quantity, or quality of advertisements shown to users,
or our pricing of advertisements;

• our ability to launch or acquire new AppLovin Apps and successfully
monetize or improve them and existing Apps;

• our ability to retain existing advertisers, publishers and users or add
new advertisers, publishers and users cost-effectively;

• risks related to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships, including
integration, managing growth, increased costs, and tax risks;

• our ability to maintain relationships with our Partner Studios;

• our reliance on third-party platforms to distribute our AppLovin Apps and
collect revenue;

• concentration of our revenue sources;

• our recent rapid growth, and ability to manage growth;

• expansion into new business opportunities;

• our ability to effectively manage our growing international operations;
• the impact of the geopolitical climate on our operations, including, for
example, the impact to our business and certain of our strategic partners
impacted by the current warfare in Ukraine and resulting sanctions in
Russia;
• our ability to increase in-app purchases, respond to changes with respect
to in-app purchases, and manage the economies in our AppLovin Apps;

• our reliance on certain key employees and our ability to attract, retain,
and motivate key personnel;

• security breaches, system outages or other cyber incidents;

• our ability to achieve or maintain profitability with increasing operating
expenses;

• our ability to address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems;

• our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure;

• the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and responsive measures;

• our ability to maintain company culture;
                                     15                                     
Table of Contents
• our general lack of long-term agreements with our business clients;

• the ability of our AppLovin Apps to meet user expectations;

• our ability to maintain a customer support ecosystem amongst the
proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers seeking to exploit our
mobile games and users;

• natural disasters, economic downturns, public health crises, or political
crises;
Legal and Regulatory Matters
• changes in laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security,
data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking, targeting, and
protection of minors;

• changes in U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and still
developing;

• compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar anti-
corruption and anti- bribery laws;

• governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws;

• changes in tax laws or tax rulings;

• our exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities;

• assertions by taxing authorities that we should have collected or in the
future should collect sales and use, value added, or similar taxes;

• liability for content that is distributed through or advertising that is
served through our AppLovin Software Platform or Apps;

• increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with
the laws and regulations affecting public companies;

• expenses related to legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements;
Intellectual Property Factors
• our ability to maintain and develop our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, Apps and other technology and advancements related to or required
for new initiatives we may pursue or markets we choose to enter;

• our ability to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual
property rights or the costs involved in such enforcement;

• our involvement in intellectual property disputes;
• our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property;

• our use of and compliance with open source software;

Financial and Accounting Matters
• our ability to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting;

• changes in financial accounting standards;

• our reliance on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our key
metrics;

• conversion of key internal systems and processes and problems with the
design, implementation, or operation of these systems and processes;

• the possibility that we may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired;

• substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities;

• our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant
debt service obligations;

• the availability of additional capital on acceptable terms;

• changes with the London Interbank Offered Rate;
Ownership of our Class A common stock and Governance
• the multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting Agreement
among the Voting Agreement Parties;

• our status as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements;

• the effect our multi-class structure may have on the market price of our
Class A common stock;
                                     16                                     
Table of Contents
• volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock;

• our intention not to pay dividends for the foreseeable future;

• potential sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock;

• the issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise;

• provisions of Delaware law, the Voting Agreement, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws could make
a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult; and

• exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws.
                                                                            
  Risks Related to Our Business and Industry                                
                                                                            
We have a limited operating history, especially with respect to our AppLovin
Apps, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future
performance and the risks we may encounter.

Our limited operating history, especially with respect to our AppLovin Apps,
which we launched in 2018, may make it difficult to evaluate our current
business and our future performance. We have encountered and will continue
to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing
companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the mobile app ecosystem,
including our ability to:

• accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses;

• attract new and retain existing business clients using AppLovin Software
Platform and users of our Apps;

• successfully compete with current and future competitors, some of whom are
also our clients;

• successfully expand our business in existing markets and enter new markets
and geographies;

• successfully execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;

• develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that can
efficiently and reliably handle increased usage, as well as the deployment
of new features and services;

• comply with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our
business;

• anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the markets
in which we operate;

• establish and maintain our brand and reputation;

• adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways businesses and consumers
interact with technology;

• effectively manage our rapid growth;

• avoid interruptions or disruptions in our AppLovin Core Technologies,
Software Platform, or Apps; and

• hire, integrate, and retain key personnel.

Further, because we have limited historical financial data, including
limited data regarding the integration of our strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any financial
planning and forecasting, including predictions about our future revenue and
expenses, may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer
operating history or operated in a more predictable market. If our
assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan
and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address
these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially
from our expectations. If we fail to address the risks and uncertainties
that we face, including those described elsewhere in this “Risk Factors”
section, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected.

Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate from period-to-period,
which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are likely to
fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year in the
future for a variety of reasons, many of which are outside of our control
and difficult to predict. As a result, you should not rely upon our
historical results of operations as indicators of future performance.
Numerous factors can influence our results of operations, including:

• our ability to maintain and grow our business client and user bases;

• changes to our Core Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings, or the development and introduction of new software or
development of new mobile apps by our studios or our competitors;
                                     17                                     
Table of Contents
• changes to the policies or practices of companies or governmental agencies
that determine access to third-party platforms, such as the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store, or to our Software Platform, Apps, website, or
the internet generally;

• changes to the policies or practices of third-party platforms, such as the
Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, including with respect to Apple’s
Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), which helps advertisers assess the
effectiveness of their advertising efforts, and with respect to transparency
regarding data processing;

• the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond our current
Software Platform and Apps;

• our ability to achieve the anticipated synergies from our strategic
acquisitions and effectively integrate new assets and businesses acquired by
us;

• the actions of our competitors, both with respect to their own offerings
and, to the extent such competitors are also our clients, with respect to
their use of our Software Platform;

• costs and expenses related to the strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
including costs related to integrating mobile gaming studios or other
companies that we acquire, as well as costs and expenses related to the
development of our Core Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps;

• our ability to achieve or maintain profitability;

• increases in and timing of operating expenses that we may incur to grow
and expand our operations and to remain competitive;

• system failures or outages, or actual or perceived breaches of security or
privacy, and the costs associated with preventing, responding to, or
remediating any such outages or breaches;

• changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with
respect to privacy and data protection, or actions by governments or
regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees;

• charges associated with impairment of any assets on our balance sheet or
changes in our expected estimated useful life of property and equipment and
intangible assets;

• adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-related
costs and the fees associated with investigating and defending claims;

• the overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by the mix of
income we earn in the United States and in jurisdictions with comparatively
lower tax rates;

• the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory
interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period such laws are
enacted or interpretations are issued and may significantly affect the
effective tax rate of that period;

• the application of new or changing financial accounting standards or
practices; and

• changes in regional or global business or macroeconomic conditions,
including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact the other
factors described above.

In particular, it is difficult to predict if, when, or how quickly newly-
launched software may begin to generate revenue or decline in popularity.
Further, we cannot be certain if a new App will become popular amongst users
and generate revenue. The success of our business depends in part on our
ability to develop and enhance our Core Technologies, Software Platform and
consistently and timely launch new Apps. It is difficult for us to predict
with certainty when we will expand our Software Platform suite or launch a
new App as we may require longer development schedules or soft launch
periods to meet our quality standards and expectations. If our business
clients do not adopt our new Software Platform offerings, or develop or
further invest in their own competing alternatives, or if we are unable to
successfully launch or acquire new Apps or maintain or improve existing
Apps, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Fluctuations in our results of operations may cause such results to fall
below our financial guidance or the expectations of analysts or investors,
which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

The failure to attract new business clients, the loss of clients, or a
reduction in spending by these clients could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

A significant portion of our revenue is Business Revenue. We collect
Business Revenue from advertisers spending on our Software Platform and
Apps. Business Revenue from our Software Platform, which is mostly from
AppDiscovery, is generated from our advertisers, typically on a performance-
based basis, then shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a
cost per impression model. Business Revenue generated from our Apps comes
from advertisers that purchase ad inventory from our diverse portfolio of
mobile games. As is common in the mobile app ecosystem and in the
advertising industry, our business clients do not have long-term advertising
commitments with us. Our success depends in part on our ability to satisfy
our advertising partners.

Business Revenue could also be impacted by a number of other factors,
including:
                                     18                                     
Table of Contents
• our ability to attract and retain business clients;

• our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of our
advertising and maintain and improve our machine-learning (ML) engine AXON;

• our ability to maintain or increase advertiser demand and third-party
publisher supply, the quantity, or quality of advertisements shown to users,
or our pricing of advertisements;

• our ability to continue to increase user access to and engagement with our
Apps;

• mobile app changes or inventory management decisions we may make that
change the size, format, frequency, or relative prominence of advertisements
displayed on our Apps;

• our ability to recruit, train, and retain personnel to support continued
growth of our Core Technologies and Software Platform;

• our ability to establish and maintain our brand and reputation;

• loss of market share to our competitors, including if competitors offer
lower priced, more integrated, or otherwise more effective products;

• the development and success of technologies designed to block the display
of advertisements or block our ad measurement tools, which have in the past
impacted and may in the future impact our business, or technologies that
make it easier for users to opt out of behavioral targeting;

• the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and
measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that demonstrate the
value of our Software Platform to advertisers, developers and publishers, or
our ability to further improve such tools;

• government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal developments
relating to advertising, including developments that may impact our ability
to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising;

• changes that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the
effectiveness of advertising, including changes to policies by mobile
operating system and third-party platform providers, and the degree to which
users opt out of certain types of ad targeting as a result of changes and
controls implemented in connection with such policy changes and with the
E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR), ePrivacy Directive, the
California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA), and the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act (the COPPA);

• decisions by business clients to reduce their advertising due to concerns
about legal liability or uncertainty regarding their own legal and
compliance obligations, or due to negative publicity, regardless of its
accuracy, involving us, our user data practices, advertising metrics or
tools, our Software Platform or Apps, or other companies in our industry;
and

• the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic and responses thereto, and seasonality, whether in the
advertising industry in general, or among specific types of advertisers or
within particular geographies.

From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our
revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other factors
in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our Software
Platform and use of our Apps, which may reduce the prices we receive for our
advertisements or cause business clients to stop advertising with us
altogether, either of which would adversely affect our business and results
of operations. The failure to attract new business clients, loss of business
clients, or reduction in spending by business clients could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user
data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber
incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

The mobile app ecosystem is prone to cyberattacks by third parties seeking
unauthorized access to our data or the data of our clients or users or to
disrupt our ability to provide service. Our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, Apps, and other offerings involve the collection, storage,
processing, and transmission of a large amount of data, including personal
information, and we and our third-party service providers otherwise store
and process information, including our confidential and proprietary business
information, and personal information and other information relating to our
employees and business clients or other third parties. We also store and
implement measures designed to secure the source code for our Core
Technologies, Software Platform and Apps as they are created. Any failure to
prevent or mitigate security breaches or incidents impacting our systems or
other systems used in our business, or improper access to or disclosure of
our data, including source code, or user data, including personal
information, content, or payment information from users, or information from
business clients or other third parties, that is stored or otherwise
processed in our business, could result in the unauthorized loss,
modification, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of such data, or
unavailability of data or of our Core Technologies, Software Platform, Apps,
or other offerings. Any such event, or the perception it has occurred, could
adversely affect our business and reputation, damage our operations, result
in claims, litigation or regulatory investigations or enforcement actions,
fines, penalties, or other liability or obligations, and diminish
                                     19                                     
Table of Contents
our competitive position. In particular, a breach or incident, whether
physical, electronic, or otherwise, impacting systems on which source code
or other sensitive data are stored could lead to loss, disruption,
unavailability, or piracy of, or damage to, our offerings, lost or reduced
ability to protect our intellectual property, and diminished competitive
position.

Computer malware (including ransomware), viruses, social engineering
(predominantly spear phishing attacks or credential stuffing), and general
hacking have become more prevalent in the mobile app ecosystem. Some of
these have occurred on our systems and otherwise in our business in the
past, and we expect will continue to occur in the future. We regularly
encounter attempts to create false or undesirable user accounts or take
other actions for purposes such as spamming or other objectionable ends. Any
actual or attempted breaches, incidents, or attacks may cause disruptions or
interruptions to our Core Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings, degrade the user experience, impair, disrupt, or interrupt our
internal systems and other systems and networks used in our business, or
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations. Our efforts to protect our data, user data, and information
from clients, partners, and other third parties, and to disable or otherwise
respond to undesirable activities on our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, Apps, or other offerings, may also be unsuccessful due to software
bugs or other technical defects, errors, or malfunctions; employee,
contractor, vendor, or partner error or malfeasance, including defects or
vulnerabilities in information technology systems or offerings;
cyberattacks, attacks designed to disrupt systems or facilities, or breaches
of physical security of our facilities or technical infrastructure; or other
threats that evolve. Additionally, any such breach, incident, attack,
malfunction, defect, or vulnerability, or the perception that any of these
has occurred, may cause clients or users to lose confidence and trust in our
Software Platform or Apps and otherwise harm our reputation and market
position.

In addition, some developers or other business partners, such as those that
help us measure the effectiveness of advertisements, may receive or store
information provided by us or by our users through mobile or web apps or
other means. These third parties may misappropriate our information and
engage in unauthorized use of it. If these third parties fail to adopt or
adhere to adequate data security practices, or experience a breach of, or
other security incident impacting, their networks or systems, our data or
our users’ data may be lost, destroyed, or improperly accessed, modified,
disclosed, or otherwise misused. In such an event, or if such an event is
perceived to have occurred, we may suffer damage to our reputation, may have
increased costs arising from the restoration or implementation of additional
security measures, and we may face claims, demands, investigations and other
proceedings by private parties or governmental actors, and fines, penalties,
and other liability or obligations, any of which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any theft or
unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential
business information as a result of such an event could also adversely
affect our business, competitive position, and results of operations.

Cyberattacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently
may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although we have
developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our data, user
data, and information from our partners; to prevent data loss, disable
undesirable accounts and activities on our Core Technologies, Software
Platform or Apps; and to prevent and detect security breaches; we cannot
assure you that such measures will provide comprehensive security, that we
will be able to identify breaches or other incidents or to react to them in
a timely manner or that our remediation efforts will be successful. We
experience cyberattacks and other security incidents of varying degrees from
time to time, and we may incur significant costs in investigating,
protecting against, litigating, or remediating such incidents. We may face
increased risks of cyberattacks and other security incidents during the
COVID-19 pandemic as a result of more employees working remotely, our use of
third-party systems designed to enable the transition to a remote workforce
introducing security risks and increased cyberattacks, such as phishing
attacks by threat actors using the attention placed on the COVID-19 pandemic
as a method for targeting personnel.

Additionally, our Core Technologies, Software Platform and other offerings
operate in conjunction with, and we are in some cases dependent upon, third-
party products, services, and components. Our ability to monitor our third-
party service providers’ data security is limited, and in any event,
attackers may be able to circumvent our third-party service providers’ data
security measures. There have been and may continue to be significant
attacks on certain third-party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our
or our third-party providers’ systems and networks have not been breached or
that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a
breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and
networks of third parties that support us and our platform and service. If
there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of these
third-party products, services, and components and if there is a security
exploit targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims, liability,
and additional or new obligations, reduced revenue, and harm to our
reputation or competitive position. We and our service providers may be
unable to anticipate these techniques, react, remediate or otherwise address
any security vulnerability, breach or other security incident in a timely
manner, or implement adequate preventative measures.

In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are making
significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and content review
efforts to combat misuse of our services and user data by third parties. As
a result of these efforts, we anticipate that we will discover incidents of
misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. We may
not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data
limitations, the scale of activity on our Core Technologies and Software
Platform, challenges related to our personnel working remotely during the
COVID-19 pandemic, the re-allocation of resources to other projects, or
other factors, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by
users, the media, or other third parties. Such incidents and activities have
in the past, and may in the future, include the use or other processing of
user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts
or
                                     20                                     
Table of Contents
policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, improper
advertising practices, activities that threaten people’s safety on- or
offline or instances of spamming, scraping, data harvesting, or unsecured
datasets. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies
or otherwise remediate or respond to any such incidents effectively or in a
timely manner. Any of the foregoing developments, or any reports of them
occurring or the perception that any of them has occurred, could adversely
affect user trust and engagement, harm our brand and reputation, require us
to change our business practices, result in claims, demands, investigations
and other proceedings by private parties or governmental actors, and fines,
penalties, and other liability or obligations, and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and
abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, a number of which also
provide a private right of action. Affected users or government authorities
could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any
actual or perceived security breaches or improper access to or disclosure of
data, which has occurred in the past and which could cause us to incur
significant expense and liability, distract management and technical
personnel, and result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our
business practices. Such actual or perceived incidents or our efforts to
remediate such incidents may also result in a decline in our active user
base or engagement levels. We are seeing an increase in inquiries from our
partners regarding audit certifications, such as SOC 2, Type II, which we
have not yet achieved. Any of these events could adversely affect our
reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Our insurance coverage may not extend to all types of privacy and data
security breaches or other incidents, and it may be insufficient to cover
all costs and expenses associated with such incidents. Further, such
insurance may not continue to be available to us in the future on
economically reasonable terms, or at all, and insurers may deny us coverage
as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims
against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of
changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the
imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including our reputation, financial
condition, or results of operations.

The mobile app ecosystem is intensely competitive. If business clients or
users prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

We face significant competition in the mobile app ecosystem. We offer a
suite of solutions for developers to get their mobile apps discovered and
downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend, and
maximize the monetization of their engagement. We collect revenue from
business clients for fees paid by mobile app advertisers, including
developers, that use our Software Platform and from the sale of advertising
inventory of our Apps. Advertisers often engage with several advertising
platforms and networks to purchase advertisements on mobile apps and
developers often engage with multiple tools to market and monetize their
apps. Accordingly, we face significant competition from traditional, online
and mobile businesses that provide ad networks and platforms, mobile apps
and games, media, and other services for advertisers to reach relevant
audiences. We also face competition from providers of developer tools that
enable developers to reach their audiences or manage or optimize their
advertising campaigns. These companies vary in size and include Facebook,
Google, and Unity Software as well as various private companies. Several of
these companies, including Facebook, Google, and Unity Software, are also
our partners and clients. Additionally, our studios build many of our Apps
using the development kits offered by Unity Software. Clients who are also
competitors may decide to invest in their own offerings rather than continue
to use our Software Platform or advertise on our Apps.

Additionally, we also compete with businesses that develop online and mobile
games and other mobile apps, which vary in size and include companies such
as Activision Blizzard (expected to be acquired by Microsoft), Tencent, and
Zynga (expected to be acquired by Take-Two Interactive), as well as other
public and private companies. Many of these companies are also our partners
and clients. As we expand our global operations and mobile app offerings, we
increasingly face competition from high-profile companies with significant
online presences that may introduce new or expanded offerings, such as
Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Snap. In addition, other large
companies that to date have not actively focused on mobile apps or gaming
may decide to develop mobile apps or gaming offerings, such as Amazon’s
recently introduced games platform, or partner with other developers. Some
of these current and potential competitors have significantly greater
resources that can be used to develop, acquire, or brand additional mobile
apps or gaming alternatives, and may have more diversified revenue sources
than we do and therefore may be less severely affected by changes in
consumer preferences, regulations, or other developments that may impact our
business or industry.

Further, as there are relatively low barriers to entry to develop and
publish a mobile app, we expect new competitors to enter the market and
existing competitors to allocate more resources towards developing and
marketing competing games and apps. Because our mobile games are free to
play, our Apps compete primarily on the basis of user experience rather than
price. The proliferation of apps makes it difficult for us to differentiate
ourselves from our competitors and compete for users and the success of our
Apps will depend in part on our Software Platform continuing to provide
effective marketing and monetization tools.

We also face competition for advertising spending and for the discretionary
spending, leisure time, and attention of our users from game platforms such
as personal computer and console games, and other leisure time activities,
such as
                                     21                                     
Table of Contents
television, movies, music, sports, and the internet. In addition, non-game
applications for mobile devices, such as social media and messaging,
television, movies, music, dating, and sports, have become increasingly
popular, making the overall mobile app ecosystem highly fragmented and
making it more difficult for any mobile app to differentiate itself. To the
extent we explore new business opportunities in the mobile app ecosystem or
otherwise, we may also compete with established businesses with more
experience in such areas. Our future growth depends in part on the overall
health of the mobile app ecosystem and in particular, mobile gaming.
Increasing competition could result in decreases in our App users, increased
user acquisition costs, lower engagement with our Apps, and loss of key
personnel, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, or results of operations.

Some of our current and potential competitors may be domiciled in different
countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes that
enable them to compete more effectively than us, particularly outside of the
United States. Some of our current and potential competitors may have
greater resources, more diversified revenue streams, better technological or
data analytics capabilities, or stronger brands or competitive positions in
certain product segments, geographic regions, or user demographics than we
do. If business clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or
services over our own, or if our competitors are better able to adapt to
changes in the preferences of advertisers or users, regulations, or other
developments, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem is subject to rapid technological change, and if we
do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging
technologies and business models, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Technology changes rapidly in the mobile app ecosystem. Our future success
depends in part on our ability to adapt to trends and to innovate. To
attract new business clients and users and increase revenue from our current
business clients and users, we will need to enhance and improve our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps. Enhancements of our existing
technology and offerings, and new offerings, may not be introduced in a
timely or cost-effective manner and may contain errors or defects.

Our business also currently depends in part on the growth and evolution of
the internet, especially mobile internet-enabled devices. The number of
people using mobile internet-enabled devices has increased rapidly over
time, and we expect that this trend will continue. However, the mobile app
ecosystem may not grow in the way we anticipate. We must continually
anticipate and adapt to emerging technologies to stay competitive. As the
technological infrastructure for internet access improves and evolves,
consumers will be presented with more opportunities to access apps and play
games on a variety of devices and platforms and to experience other leisure
activities that may compete with mobile apps. Forecasting the financial
impact of these emerging technologies and business models is inherently
uncertain and volatile. If we decide to support a new technology or business
model in the future, it may require partnering with a new platform,
technology, or business partner, which may be on terms that are less
favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or business models.

To invest in a new technology or expand our offerings, we must invest
financial resources and management attention. We may invest significant
resources in a new offering or in a strategic acquisition or partnership,
which could prove unsuccessful or prevent us from directing these resources
towards other opportunities. We may never recover the often-substantial up-
front costs of developing and marketing emerging technologies or business
models, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting management and
financial resources. Further, our competitors may adopt an emerging
technology or business model more quickly or effectively than we do,
creating products that are technologically superior to ours or attract more
users than ours.

If, on the other hand, we do not continue to enhance our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, or Apps, or do not appropriately allocate our resources
amongst opportunities, or we otherwise elect not to pursue new business
models that achieve significant commercial success, we may face adverse
consequences. For example, we do not currently offer our Apps on all devices
or all gaming platforms. If the devices on which our Apps are available
decline in popularity or become obsolete faster than anticipated, or if new
platforms emerge other than those on which our games are offered, we could
experience a decline in revenue and in our number of App users, and we may
not achieve the anticipated return on our development efforts. It may take
significant time and expenditures to shift product development resources to
new technologies, and it may be more difficult to compete against existing
products incorporating such technologies. If new technologies render mobile
devices obsolete or we are unable to successfully adapt to and appropriately
allocate our resources amongst current and new technologies, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform and Apps, as well as our internal
systems, rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any
errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to address or
mitigate technical limitations in our systems, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform and Apps, as well as our internal
systems, rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex.
In addition, our Core Technologies, Software Platform and Apps, as well as
our
                                     22                                     
Table of Contents
internal systems, depend in part on the ability of such software and
hardware to store, retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data.
The software and hardware on which we rely has contained, and will in the
future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities and our systems are subject
to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to meet our
objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities inherently may be
difficult to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been
released for external or internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design
defects, or technical limitations within the software and hardware on which
we rely have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes
including a negative experience for clients and users who use our offerings,
compromised ability of our offerings to perform in a manner consistent with
our terms, contracts, or policies, delayed product or App launches or
enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised ability
to protect the data of our users and/or our intellectual property, or
reductions in our ability to provide some or all of our services. To the
extent such errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects impact our Core
Technologies or Software Platform or the accuracy of data in any such Core
Technology or Software Platform, our clients may become dissatisfied with
our offerings, our brand and reputation may be harmed, and we may make
operational decisions, such as with respect to our Apps using such Software
Platform or any future strategic acquisition, that are based on inaccurate
data. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems or the
software and hardware on which we rely, failures to properly address or
mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or associated
degradations or interruptions of service or failures to fulfill our
commitments to our clients may lead to outcomes including damage to our
reputation, increased product engineering expenses, regulatory inquiries,
litigation, or liability for fines, damages, or other remedies, any of which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to maintain and scale our
technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption to our Core
Technologies, Software Platform or Apps could damage our reputation, result
in a potential loss of engagement, and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our reputation and ability to attract and retain our business clients and
users depends in part on the reliable performance of our Core Technologies,
Software Platform and Apps. We have in the past experienced, and may in the
future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our
offerings from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or
may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid
performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our
offerings are unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do
not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our offerings as often in
the future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business and results
of operations. As we continue to grow, we will need an increasing amount of
technical infrastructure, including network capacity and computing power, to
continue to satisfy our needs and the needs of our business clients and
users. It is possible that we may fail to continue to effectively scale and
grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands,
which may adversely affect our user engagement and revenue growth.
Additionally, we rely in part on third-party data centers and cloud hosting
infrastructure. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or
failures resulting from natural disasters and other events outside of our
control that impact us or these third-party providers. If such an event were
to occur, users may be subject to service disruptions or outages and we may
not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and user data in a
timely manner to restart or provide our services. If we fail to efficiently
scale and manage our infrastructure, or if events disrupt our infrastructure
or those of our third-party providers, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully monetize
them, or continue to improve the experience and monetization of our existing
Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

Our business depends in part on launching or acquiring, and continuing to
service, mobile apps that users will download and spend time and money
using. We have devoted and we expect to continue to devote substantial
resources to the research, development, analytics, and marketing of our
Apps. Our development and marketing efforts are focused on improving the
experience of our existing Apps, developing new Apps, and successfully
monetizing our Apps. Our Apps generate revenue primarily through the sale of
advertising, a substantial portion of which comes from other mobile gaming
clients, and in-app purchases (IAPs). For Apps distributed through third-
party platforms, we are required to share a portion of the proceeds from in-
game sales with the platform providers, which share may be subject to
changes or increases over time. In order to achieve and maintain our
profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue from our existing and
new Apps to offset our ongoing development, marketing, and other operating
expenses.

Successfully monetizing our Apps is difficult and requires that we deliver
user experiences that a sufficient number of users will pay for through IAPs
or we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize our Apps, including by
serving in-app advertising. The success of our Apps depends in part on
unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control including user
preferences, competing apps, new third-party platforms, and the availability
of other entertainment experiences. If our Apps do not meet user
expectations or if they are not brought to market in a timely and effective
manner, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to successfully launch or acquire Apps and their
ability to achieve commercial success will depend in part on our ability to:

• effectively market our Apps to existing and new users;
                                     23                                     
Table of Contents
• achieve a positive return on investment from our marketing and user
acquisition costs or achieve organic user growth;

• adapt to changing trends, user preferences, new technologies, and new
feature sets for mobile and other devices, including determining whether to
invest in development for any new technologies, and achieve a positive
return on the costs associated with such adaptation;

• continue to adapt mobile app feature sets for an increasingly diverse set
of mobile devices, including various operating systems and specifications,
limited bandwidth, and varying processing power and screen sizes;

• achieve and maintain successful user engagement and effectively monetize
our Apps;

• develop mobile games that can build upon or become franchise games and
expand and enhance our mobile games after their initial releases;

• develop Apps other than mobile games;

• identify and execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;

• attract advertisers to advertise on our Apps;

• partner with third-party platforms and obtain featuring opportunities;

• compete successfully against a large and growing number of competitors;

• accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations, including
mobile app and feature development, marketing, and user acquisition;

• minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages;

• acquire, or invest in, and successfully integrate high quality mobile app
companies or technologies; and

• retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other key
personnel from such acquisitions and investments.

These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will
succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if successful,
certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games, may have a relatively
short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand into additional genres of mobile
games or additional categories of mobile apps, we will face risks as well as
market, legal and regulatory challenges specific to those genres or
categories. For example, in mid-core games, there is typically a higher
upfront investment prior to the launch of a game compared to casual games,
which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose us to greater
risks as our financial condition and results of operations will be more
significantly adversely affected to the extent such a game does not become
popular and commercially successful. If we are not successful in launching
new mobile games or expanding into other genres of mobile games or
categories of mobile apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

If we fail to retain existing users or add new users cost-effectively, or if
our users decrease their level of engagement with Apps, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The size of our user base and the level of user engagement with our Apps are
critical to our success. Our results of operations have been and will
continue to be significantly determined by our success in acquiring and
engaging App users. We expect that the number of our App users may fluctuate
or decline in one or more markets from time to time, particularly in markets
where we have achieved higher penetration rates. In addition, if people do
not perceive our Apps as useful or entertaining, we may not be able to
attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and
duration of their engagement, which could harm our revenue. A number of
mobile apps that achieved early popularity have since seen their user bases
or user engagement levels decline. There is no guarantee that we will not
experience a similar erosion of our App users or user engagement levels. Our
user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be
difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different Apps.
Any number of factors can adversely affect user growth and engagement,
including if:

• users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors or
mobile apps in categories other than those of our Apps;

• we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find engaging or that
achieve a high level of market acceptance or we introduce new Apps, or make
changes to existing Apps that are not favorably received;

• users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the
decisions we make with respect to the frequency, prominence, format, size,
and quality of advertisements that we display;

• users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing our
Apps as a result of actions by us or third parties;
                                     24                                     
Table of Contents
• we are unable to continue to develop Apps that work with a variety of
mobile operating systems and networks; and

• questions about the quality of our Apps, our data practices or concerns
related to privacy and sharing of personal information and other user data,
safety, security, or other factors.

Additionally, we expect it will become increasingly difficult and more
expensive for us to acquire users for our Apps for a variety of reasons,
including the increasingly competitive nature of the mobile app ecosystem
and the significant amount of time and attention users are dedicating to
competing entertainment options. Further, we believe that changes that Apple
has implemented during the last several years to its platform, particularly
the removal of the Top Grossing rankings and decreasing the prominence of
the Top Free rankings as well as transparency and IDFA changes, may
adversely affect the number of organic downloads of our Apps. If our
competitors increase their user acquisition spending, we could experience
higher costs per an install for our Apps, which would adversely affect our
revenue and margins. Furthermore, our spending on user acquisition is based
on certain assumptions about their projected behavior, particularly for new
Apps for which we do not have similar Apps in our portfolio to aid us in our
modeling efforts. If we are unable to grow our user base and increase our
user engagement levels, or unable to do so cost effectively, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We are highly dependent on our co-founder and chief executive officer, as
well as our senior management team, and our business and growth may be
adversely affected if we fail to attract, retain, and motivate key
personnel.

Our future success depends in significant part on the continued service of
our key management and engineering personnel, including our co-founder, CEO,
and Chairperson, Adam Foroughi. Our ability to compete and grow depends in
part on the efforts and talents of these employees and executives, who are
important to our vision, strategic direction, culture, products, and
technology. We do not have employment agreements, other than offer letters,
with Mr. Foroughi or other members of our senior management team, and we do
not maintain key-man insurance for members of our senior management team.
The loss of Mr. Foroughi or any other member of our senior management team
could cause disruption and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, or results of operations.

In addition, our ability to execute our strategy depends in part on our
continued ability and the continued ability of our Partner Studios to
identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees,
particularly in the competitive fields of game development, product
management, engineering, and data science. We believe that our corporate
culture has been an important factor in our ability to hire and retain key
employees, and if we are unable to maintain our corporate culture as we
grow, we may be unable to foster the innovation, creativity, and teamwork we
believe we need to support our growth. While we believe we compete
favorably, competition for highly skilled employees is intense, particularly
in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters is located.
Interviewing, hiring, and integrating new employees has been and will
continue to be particularly challenging during the COVID-19 pandemic. As
part of our global remote working plans, throughout the duration of the
COVID-19 pandemic, we will devote increased efforts to maintaining our
collaborative culture, including through the use of videoconferencing and
other online communication and sharing tools, and to monitoring the health,
safety, morale, and productivity of our employees, including new employees,
as we evaluate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and
employees. If we are unable to identify, hire, and retain highly skilled
employees, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

We have historically hired a number of key personnel and added additional
team members working on our Apps through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and as competition within the mobile app ecosystem for
attractive target companies with a skilled employee base persists and
increases, we may incur significant expenses and difficulty in continuing
this practice. The loss of talented employees with experience in the assets
we acquire could result in significant disruptions to our business and the
integration of acquired assets and businesses. If we do not succeed in
recruiting, retaining, and motivating these key employees, we may not
achieve the anticipated results of acquisitions.

We have experienced significant growth through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and we face risks related to the integration of such
acquisitions and the management of such growth.

As part of our growth strategy, we have frequently acquired companies,
businesses, personnel, and technologies in the past, and we intend to
continue to evaluate and pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships. For
example, we acquired PeopleFun, Inc. in the first quarter of 2018, MAX
Advertising Systems, Inc. in the third quarter of 2018, SafeDK Mobile Ltd.
in July 2019, Machine Zone, Inc. (Machine Zone) in May 2020, adjust GmbH
(Adjust) in April 2021, and the MoPub business in January 2022. In February
2022, we also entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Wurl, Inc. Each
acquisition requires unique approaches to integration due to, among other
reasons, the structure of the acquisition, the size, locations, and cultural
differences among their team and ours, and has required, and will continue
to require, attention from our management team. As we continue to grow, the
size of our acquisitions and investments may increase. For instance, our
acquisitions of Machine Zone, Adjust, and the MoPub business were our
largest acquisitions to date. In addition to the larger purchase prices
associated with such acquisitions and investments, larger acquisitions and
investments may also require additional management resources to integrate
more significant and often more complex businesses into our company. We will
continue to explore and evaluate additional acquisitions, some of which may
be the same size or even larger in scale and investment than the Machine
Zone, Adjust, and the MoPub business acquisitions.
                                     25                                     
Table of Contents
Our future success depends in part on our ability to integrate these
acquisitions and manage these businesses, partnerships, and transactions
effectively. If we are unable to obtain the anticipated benefits or
synergies of such acquisitions, or we encounter difficulties integrating
acquired businesses with ours, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Challenges and risks from such strategic acquisitions and partnerships
include:

• diversion of our management’s attention in the acquisition and integration
process, including oversight over acquired businesses which continue their
operations under contingent consideration provisions in acquisition
agreements;

• declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from changes in
compensation, or changes in management, reporting relationships, or future
performance;

• the need to integrate the operations, systems, technologies, products, and
personnel of each acquired company, the inefficiencies and lack of control
that may result if such integration is delayed or not implemented, and
unforeseen difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with
integration;

• costs associated with onboarding clients of an acquired business;

• the need to implement internal controls, procedures, and policies
appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at companies that prior
to acquisition may not have as robust controls, procedures, and policies, in
particular, with respect to the effectiveness of internal controls, cyber
and information security practices and incident response plans, compliance
with privacy, data protection, and other regulations protecting the rights
of clients and users, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies and
sanctions which may not have previously been applicable to the acquired
company’s operations;

• the difficulty in accurately forecasting and accounting for the financial
impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges, write-
offs of deferred revenue under purchase accounting, and integrating and
reporting results for acquired companies that have not historically followed
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP);

• the implementation of restructuring actions and cost reduction initiatives
to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies;

• the fact that we may be required to pay contingent consideration in excess
of the initial fair value, and contingent consideration may become payable
at a time when we do not have sufficient cash available to pay such
consideration;

• in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations
across different cultures and languages and to address the particular
economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific
countries as well as tax risks that may arise from the acquisition;

• increasing legal, regulatory, and compliance exposure, and the additional
costs related to mitigate each of those, as a result of adding new offices,
employees and other service providers, benefit plans, equity, job types, and
lines of business globally; and

• liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition,
including intellectual property, commercial, and other litigation claims or
disputes, cyber and information security vulnerabilities, violations of
laws, rules and regulations, including with respect to employee
classification, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.

If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage our acquisitions and
strategic partnerships, we may not realize the expected benefits of such
transactions or become exposed to additional liabilities, and our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. We face a number of risks related to these
transactions.

We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations with additional
strategic acquisitions or partnerships, strategic collaborations, joint
ventures, or licensing arrangements. As we continue to grow, these
transactions may be larger and require significant investments, such as our
acquisitions of Machine Zone, Adjust, and MoPub, and our pending acquisition
of Wurl. We may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions
or partnerships for many reasons, including our ability to identify suitable
targets, increasing competition from other potential acquirers, the effects
of consolidation in our industries, potentially high valuations of
acquisition candidates, and the availability of financing to complete larger
acquisitions. Even if we do complete any such transactions, we may incur
significant costs, such as professional service fees or customer acquisition
bonuses. In addition, applicable antitrust laws and other regulations may
limit our ability to acquire targets, particularly larger targets, or force
us to divest an acquired business. If we are unable to identify suitable
targets or complete acquisitions, our growth prospects could be adversely
affected, and we may not be able to realize sufficient scale and
technological advantages to compete effectively in all markets.
                                     26                                     
Table of Contents
Further, completing larger acquisitions or other strategic transactions is
significantly riskier in that such transactions require additional
consideration and management attention to complete, and could introduce
additional exposure to regulatory and compliance risk. To complete these
transactions, we may need to spend large amounts of cash, which may not be
available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, or issue equity or equity-
linked consideration, which may dilute our current stockholders. For
example, in connection with our acquisition of Adjust in April 2021, we
issued convertible securities that converted into an aggregate of 6,320,688
shares of our Class A common stock. Further, we generally devote more time
and resources towards performing diligence on larger transactions and may be
required to devote more resources towards regulatory requirements in
connection with such transactions. To the extent that we do not perform
sufficient diligence on a larger acquisition or such a transaction does not
generate the expected benefits, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations will be harmed, and to a greater extent than would
occur with a smaller transaction.

Absent such strategic transactions, we would need to undertake additional
development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect
to fund and undertake such additional efforts on our own, we may need to
obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be
available to our company on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to
do any of the foregoing, we may not be able to develop our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps effectively or achieve our
expected product roadmap on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The benefits of a strategic acquisition or partnership may also take
considerable time to develop, and we cannot be certain that any particular
strategic acquisition or partnership will produce the intended benefits.
Further, acquisitions could result in potential dilutive issuances of equity
securities, use of significant cash balances or incurrence of debt (and
increased interest expense), contingent liabilities or amortization expenses
related to intangible assets, or write-offs of goodwill and intangible
assets. If we are unable to identify and complete strategic acquisitions or
partnerships, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships may expose us to tax risks.

From time to time, we have acquired and may acquire companies, assets,
businesses, and technologies and we have entered into and may enter into
other strategic partnerships and transactions. We face a variety of tax
risks related to such transactions, including that we may be required to
make tax withholdings in various jurisdictions in connection with such
transactions or as part of our continuing operations following a
transaction, and that the companies or businesses we acquire may cause us to
alter our international tax structure or otherwise create more complexity
with respect to tax matters. Additionally, while we typically include
indemnification provisions in our definitive agreements related to strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, these indemnification provisions may be
insufficient in the event that tax liabilities are greater than expected or
in areas that are not fully covered by indemnification. If we are unable to
adequately predict and address such tax issues as they arise, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios, and
a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our ability to launch new
Apps as well as our brand and reputation.

From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile
gaming studios (our Partner Studios). We have historically allowed these
Partner Studios to continue their operations with a degree of autonomy. In
certain of these transactions, we have bought games from such Partner
Studios and entered into development agreements whereby such Partner Studios
provide us support in developing and improving games and grant us a right of
first refusal with respect to future games. These agreements typically have
a fixed term, after which our Partner Studios may choose not to continue
working with us. Any deterioration in our relationship with these Partner
Studios may harm our ability to monetize the games we purchase and launch
future mobile games developed by these Partner Studios and may lead to such
Partner Studios choosing not to renew their partnerships with us. Further,
if a Partner Studio becomes dissatisfied with us, our brand and reputation
may be harmed and we may have more difficulty entering into similar
partnerships in the future. Additionally, our international Partner Studios
may be located in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes or
more potential risks, which may increase our costs to maintain such
strategic partnership. If we are unable to maintain any of these
partnerships, we may be required to invest significant resources in
expanding our other studios or entering into agreements with additional
mobile gaming studios in order to continue producing the same volume and
quality of Apps, and our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect revenue,
and if our ability to do so is harmed, or such third-party platforms change
their policies in such a way that restricts our business, increases our
expenses, or limits the information we derive from our Apps, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem depends in part on a relatively small number of
third-party distribution platforms, such as the Apple App Store, the Google
Play Store, and Facebook, some of which are direct competitors. We derive
significant revenue from the distribution of our Apps through these third-
party platforms and almost all of our IAPs are made through the payment
processing systems of these third-party platforms. We are subject to the
standard policies and terms of
                                     27                                     
Table of Contents
service of such third-party platforms, which generally govern the promotion,
distribution, content, and operation of applications on such platforms. Each
platform provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of
service and other policies with respect to us and other mobile app
companies, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. A platform provider
may also change its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and
use of its platform, alter how mobile apps are labeled or are able to
advertise on its platform, change how the personal information of its users
is made available to developers on its platform, limit the use of personal
information for advertising purposes, restrict how users can share
information on its platform or across platforms, or significantly increase
the level of compliance or requirements necessary to use its platform. For
example, in April 2021, Apple started implementing its application tracking
transparency framework that, among other things, requires users' opt-in
consent for certain types of tracking. While this transparency framework has
not had a significant impact on our overall business, it may in the future
continue to have an impact on it, including the effectiveness of our
advertising practices and/or our ability to efficiently generate revenue for
our Apps. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with data that helps our
Software Platform better market and monetize Apps. The IDFA and transparency
changes may require us to engage in significant changes to our data
collection practices, which may require our expenditure of substantial costs
and resources, and to the extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar
offering, or if the transparency changes and any related opt-in or other
requirements result in decreases in the availability or utility of data
relating to Apps, our Software Platform may not be as effective, we may not
be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and our
revenue and results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, Apple
implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy and
data processing practices in December 2020, which has resulted in increased
compliance requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps.
These or any similar changes to the policies of Apple or Google may
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

If we violate, or a distribution platform provider believes we have
violated, a distribution platform’s terms of service, or if there is any
change or deterioration in our relationship with such distribution provider,
that platform provider could limit or discontinue our access to its
platform. For example, in August 2020, Apple and Google removed a mobile
game developed by one of our competitors from their platforms for violating
their standard policies and terms of service. If one of our distribution
platform partners were to limit or discontinue the distribution of our Apps
on their platform, it could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We also rely on the continued popularity, user adoption, and functionality
of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these platform providers have
been unavailable for short periods of time or experienced issues with their
in-app purchasing functionality. In addition, third-party platforms also
impose certain file size limitations, which may limit the ability of users
to download some of our larger Apps in over-the-air updates. Aside from
these over-the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size could
cause users to delete our mobile games once the file size grows beyond the
capacity of their devices’ storage limitations or could reduce the number of
downloads of these mobile games.

If issues arise with third-party platforms that impact the visibility or
availability of our Apps, our users’ ability to access our Apps or our
ability to monetize our Apps, or otherwise impact the design or
effectiveness of our Software Platform, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully monetize
them, or continue to improve the experience and monetization of our existing
Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

Our business depends in part on launching or acquiring, and continuing to
service, mobile apps that users will download and spend time and money
using. We have devoted and we expect to continue to devote substantial
resources to the research, development, analytics, and marketing of our
Apps. Our development and marketing efforts are focused on improving the
experience of our existing Apps, developing new Apps, and successfully
monetizing our Apps. Our Apps generate revenue primarily through the sale of
advertising, a substantial portion of which comes from other mobile gaming
clients, and in-app purchases (IAPs). For Apps distributed through third-
party platforms, we are required to share a portion of the proceeds from in-
game sales with the platform providers, which share may be subject to
changes or increases over time. In order to achieve and maintain our
profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue from our existing and
new Apps to offset our ongoing development, marketing, and other operating
expenses.

Successfully monetizing our Apps is difficult and requires that we deliver
user experiences that a sufficient number of users will pay for through IAPs
or we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize our Apps, including by
serving in-app advertising. The success of our Apps depends in part on
unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control including user
preferences, competing apps, new third-party platforms, and the availability
of other entertainment experiences. If our Apps do not meet user
expectations or if they are not brought to market in a timely and effective
manner, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to successfully launch or acquire Apps and their
ability to achieve commercial success will depend in part on our ability to:

• effectively market our Apps to existing and new users;
                                     28                                     
Table of Contents
• achieve a positive return on investment from our marketing and user
acquisition costs or achieve organic user growth;

• adapt to changing trends, user preferences, new technologies, and new
feature sets for mobile and other devices, including determining whether to
invest in development for any new technologies, and achieve a positive
return on the costs associated with such adaptation;

• continue to adapt mobile app feature sets for an increasingly diverse set
of mobile devices, including various operating systems and specifications,
limited bandwidth, and varying processing power and screen sizes;

• achieve and maintain successful user engagement and effectively monetize
our Apps;

• develop mobile games that can build upon or become franchise games and
expand and enhance our mobile games after their initial releases;

• develop Apps other than mobile games;

• identify and execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;

• attract advertisers to advertise on our Apps;

• partner with third-party platforms and obtain featuring opportunities;

• compete successfully against a large and growing number of competitors;

• accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations, including
mobile app and feature development, marketing, and user acquisition;

• minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages;

• acquire, or invest in, and successfully integrate high quality mobile app
companies or technologies; and

• retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other key
personnel from such acquisitions and investments.

These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will
succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if successful,
certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games, may have a relatively
short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand into additional genres of mobile
games or additional categories of mobile apps, we will face risks as well as
market, legal and regulatory challenges specific to those genres or
categories. For example, in mid-core games, there is typically a higher
upfront investment prior to the launch of a game compared to casual games,
which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose us to greater
risks as our financial condition and results of operations will be more
significantly adversely affected to the extent such a game does not become
popular and commercially successful. If we are not successful in launching
new mobile games or expanding into other genres of mobile games or
categories of mobile apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

If we fail to retain existing users or add new users cost-effectively, or if
our users decrease their level of engagement with Apps, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The size of our user base and the level of user engagement with our Apps are
critical to our success. Our results of operations have been and will
continue to be significantly determined by our success in acquiring and
engaging App users. We expect that the number of our App users may fluctuate
or decline in one or more markets from time to time, particularly in markets
where we have achieved higher penetration rates. In addition, if people do
not perceive our Apps as useful or entertaining, we may not be able to
attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and
duration of their engagement, which could harm our revenue. A number of
mobile apps that achieved early popularity have since seen their user bases
or user engagement levels decline. There is no guarantee that we will not
experience a similar erosion of our App users or user engagement levels. Our
user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be
difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different Apps.
Any number of factors can adversely affect user growth and engagement,
including if:

• users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors or
mobile apps in categories other than those of our Apps;

• we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find engaging or that
achieve a high level of market acceptance or we introduce new Apps, or make
changes to existing Apps that are not favorably received;

• users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the
decisions we make with respect to the frequency, prominence, format, size,
and quality of advertisements that we display;

• users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing our
Apps as a result of actions by us or third parties;
                                     29                                     
Table of Contents
• we are unable to continue to develop Apps that work with a variety of
mobile operating systems and networks; and

• questions about the quality of our Apps, our data practices or concerns
related to privacy and sharing of personal information and other user data,
safety, security, or other factors.

Additionally, we expect it will become increasingly difficult and more
expensive for us to acquire users for our Apps for a variety of reasons,
including the increasingly competitive nature of the mobile app ecosystem
and the significant amount of time and attention users are dedicating to
competing entertainment options. Further, we believe that changes that Apple
has implemented during the last several years to its platform, particularly
the removal of the Top Grossing rankings and decreasing the prominence of
the Top Free rankings as well as transparency and IDFA changes, may
adversely affect the number of organic downloads of our Apps. If our
competitors increase their user acquisition spending, we could experience
higher costs per an install for our Apps, which would adversely affect our
revenue and margins. Furthermore, our spending on user acquisition is based
on certain assumptions about their projected behavior, particularly for new
Apps for which we do not have similar Apps in our portfolio to aid us in our
modeling efforts. If we are unable to grow our user base and increase our
user engagement levels, or unable to do so cost effectively, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our revenue has been concentrated in various ways and the loss of, or a
significant reduction in, any such revenue source, or our failure to
successfully expand and diversify our revenue sources could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We have historically experienced revenue concentration with respect to
certain Apps as well as other facets of our business. Our future success
depends, in part, on launching or acquiring and successfully monetizing
additional Apps and on establishing and maintaining successful relationships
with a diverse set of business clients. While our Apps consist of over 350
mobile games, currently a limited number of those are responsible for a
significant portion of our revenue. In the twelve months ended December 31,
2021, three games, Project Makeover, Matchington Mansion, and Wordscapes,
collectively represented approximately 29% of our revenue. The loss or
failure to successfully monetize one of these Apps could have a significant
impact on our results of operations. Similarly, our future success depends,
in part, on the ability of our Owned Studios and Partner Studios to launch
and monetize additional mobile games and other mobile apps, as well as, on
our ability to successfully acquire and monetize additional mobile games and
other mobile apps, and these Apps may not successfully diversify our revenue
concentration. If we are unable to successfully launch or acquire new Apps,
our reliance on a limited number of Apps may increase. Additionally, certain
genres of games typically rely on only a small portion of their total users
for a significant amount of their revenue, and as we expand our number of
Apps in these genres, such as mid-core, we may experience these effects and
need to attract, engage, and increase the spending levels of these
particular users to achieve success.

More generally, we face concentration risk in that our Software Platform and
Apps operate in the mobile app ecosystem and specifically mobile gaming. As
such, our business depends, in part, on the continued health and growth of
these app ecosystems. Further, a significant amount of our total revenue is
derived through a limited number of third-party distribution platforms, such
as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook. Because
Facebook and Google are also significant partners of Adjust, a deterioration
in our or Adjust’s relationship with such companies would have a greater
impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If
any of these concentrated portions of our revenue are harmed or are lost,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

We have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be indicative of our
future growth. We may be unable to effectively manage the growth of our
business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

We have experienced rapid growth in the scale, scope, and complexity of our
business. For example, while we only launched our Apps in 2018, today, our
Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-play
mobile games across five genres, run by nineteen studios. Further, our
Software Platform revenue has also expanded rapidly, in particular since the
launch of our ML-engine AXON. Our growth in any prior period should not be
relied upon as an indication of our future performance, as we may not be
able to sustain our growth rate in the future. Even if our revenue continues
to increase, we expect that our revenue growth rate may decline in the
future as a result of a variety of factors, including because of more
difficult comparisons to prior periods and the saturation of the market. The
overall growth of our revenue depends in part on our ability to execute on
our growth strategies.

Additionally, the growth and expansion of our business has placed and
continues to place a significant strain on our management, operations,
financial infrastructure, and corporate culture. Our future success depends
in part on our ability to manage this expanded business and to continue to
grow both our Software Platform and Apps. If not managed effectively, this
growth could result in the over-extension of our management systems and
information technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may
not be adequate to support this growth. Failure to adequately manage our
growth in any of these ways may cause damage to our brand and reputation and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.
                                     30                                     
Table of Contents
Our future growth may involve expansion into new business opportunities, and
any efforts to do so that are unsuccessful or are not cost-effective could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

In the past, we have grown by expanding our offerings into new business
opportunities and we expect to continue to do so. We have dedicated
resources to expanding into adjacent business opportunities in which large
competitors have an established presence, as was the case with our Apps.
Additionally, our future growth may include expansion into additional genres
of mobile games, other mobile app sectors, connected TV markets, blockchain-
related markets or other opportunities which may require significant
investment in order to launch and which may not be prove successful.
Further, any such expansion may subject us to new or additional laws and
regulations, compliance with which may be burdensome and costly. Our future
growth depends in part on our ability to correctly identify areas of
investment and to cost-effectively execute on our plans. We have in the past
and may in the future expend significant resources in connection with
strategic acquisitions and partnerships to expand into new business
opportunities. Even if successful, the growth of any new business
opportunity could create significant challenges for our management and
operational resources and could require considerable investment. The
deployment of significant resources towards a new opportunity that proves
unsuccessful, or our inability to choose the correct investment
opportunities for our future, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

Our international operations are subject to increased challenges and risks.

We expect to continue to expand our international operations in the future
by opening new offices, entering into strategic partnerships with new
international game studios, acquiring companies that may have international
operations, and providing our Apps in additional countries and languages.
For example, our Owned Studios and Partner Studios are located throughout
the world, including in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes
or more potential risks, such as Belarus, China and Vietnam and with
operations in Russia and Ukraine. Expanding our international operations may
subject us to risks associated with:

• recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and employees in
foreign countries;

• the diversion of senior management attention;

• challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences;

• developing and customizing Software Platform and Apps that appeal to the
tastes and preferences of users in international markets;

• the inability to offer certain Software Platform or Apps in certain
foreign countries;

• competition from local mobile app developers with intellectual property
rights and significant market share in those markets and with a better
understanding of user preferences;

• utilizing, protecting, defending, and enforcing our intellectual property
rights;

• negotiating agreements with local distribution platforms that are
sufficiently economically beneficial to us and protective of our rights;

• the inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content, or
technology into new jurisdictions;

• implementing alternative payment methods for features and virtual goods in
a manner that complies with local laws and practices and protects us from
fraud;

• compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, including anti-
bribery laws, privacy laws, and laws relating to content and consumer
protection (for example, the United Kingdom’s Office of Fair Trading’s 2014
principles relating to IAPs in free-to-play games that are directed toward
children 16 and under);

• credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;

• currency exchange rate fluctuations;

• protectionist laws and business practices that favor local businesses in
certain countries;

• double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax
consequences due to changes in the tax laws in the United States or the
foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;

• political, economic, and social instability, such as the conflict in
Ukraine and its impacts on the region and the regional and global economy;

• public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can result in
varying impacts to our employees, clients, users, advertisers, app
developers, and business partners internationally;

• higher costs associated with doing business internationally, including
costs related to local advisors;

• export or import regulations; and
                                     31                                     
Table of Contents
• trade and tariff restrictions.

Our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular
international market is uncertain and, in the past, we have experienced
difficulties and have not been successful in all the countries we have
entered. If we are unable to continue to expand internationally or manage
the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond our control.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond our control. For example, we
have a partner studio located in Belarus with additional operations in
Ukraine. The impact of the current geopolitical environment in those regions
on their operations is unknown at this time. However, we may experience
interruptions or delays in the services they provide to us as a result of
such geopolitical volatilities.

Further, our revenue is driven in part by discretionary consumer spending
habits and preferences, and by advertising spending patterns. Historically,
consumer purchasing and advertising spending have each declined during
economic downturns and periods of uncertainty regarding future economic
prospects or when disposable income or consumer lending is lower. General
macro-economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the
United States or internationally, including those resulting from the
COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical issues, could create uncertainty and
adversely affect discretionary consumer spending habits and preferences as
well as advertising spending. Uncertain economic conditions may also
adversely affect our business clients. As a result, we may be unable to
continue to grow in the event of future economic slowdowns. We are
particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks associated with the
mobile app ecosystem, which also include the popularity, price, and timing
of our Apps, changes in user demographics, the availability and popularity
of other forms of entertainment, and critical reviews and public tastes and
preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.

Additionally, our principal offices are located in the San Francisco Bay
Area, an area known for earthquakes and susceptible to fires, and are thus
vulnerable to damage. All of our facilities are also vulnerable to damage
from natural or man made disasters, including power loss, earthquakes,
fires, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks,
contagious disease outbreak (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and similar
events. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business
at our facilities could be impaired and we could incur significant losses,
recovery from which may require substantial time and expense.

Our business depends in part on our ability to increase in-app purchases,
manage the economies in our Apps and respond to changes with respect to in-
app purchases, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business and future growth depend in part on our ability to increase the
amount of IAPs in our Apps, which requires our studios to effectively design
mobile games and other apps that create features and virtual goods for which
users will pay. Users make IAPs because of the perceived in-app value of
virtual goods, which is dependent on the relative ease of obtaining an
equivalent good by playing our mobile games. The perceived in-app value of
these virtual goods can be impacted by various actions that we take in the
mobile games including offering discounts for virtual goods, giving away
virtual goods in promotions, or providing easier non-paid means to secure
these goods. Managing virtual economies is difficult and relies on our
assumptions and judgement. Further, changes in user preferences, including
with respect to how they interact with mobile apps and general views towards
IAPs, could decrease levels of spending on IAPs on our Apps and in the
mobile app ecosystem generally. If we fail to manage our virtual economies
properly or fail to promptly and successfully respond to any disruption in
such economies, our reputation may be harmed and our users may be less
likely to play our mobile games and to purchase virtual goods from us in the
future, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

In addition, changes in the policies of Apple, Google, or other third-party
platforms, or changes in accounting policies promulgated by the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC), and national accounting standards bodies
affecting software and virtual goods revenue recognition, could further
significantly affect the way we report revenue related to IAPs, which could
adversely affect our results of operations. Any changes in user, third-party
platform, or regulator views towards IAPs, or any inability by us to respond
to changing trends with respect to IAPs, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and we may
not be able to achieve or maintain our profitability in any given period. If
we cannot achieve or maintain our profitability, our business could be
adversely affected.

Although we have been profitable on a GAAP basis and had positive cash flow
from operations in certain prior periods, we may not always achieve
sufficient revenue or manage our expenses in order to achieve positive cash
flow from operations or profitability in any given period. Our operating
expenses may continue to rise as we implement additional initiatives
designed to increase revenue, potentially including: developing our Core
Technologies, Software Platform and technology stack, launching Apps,
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, business client and user
                                     32                                     
Table of Contents
acquisition spending, international expansion, hiring additional employees,
and taking other steps to strengthen and grow our company. We are likely to
recognize costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the
anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower, or
may develop more slowly, than we expect. We also anticipate that the costs
of acquiring new business clients and mobile app users, and otherwise
marketing our Software Platform and Apps, will continue to rise. Further, we
may continue to incur significant costs in connection with strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, which costs may increase or become more
concentrated to the extent we enter into larger transactions. If we are not
able to maintain positive cash flow in the long term, we may require
additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at
all, and which may be dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to
generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur
significant losses in the future and may not be able to maintain positive
cash flow from operations or profitability.

The COVID-19 pandemic and responses thereto across the globe have altered
how individuals interact with each other and affected how we and our
business partners are operating, and the extent to which this situation will
impact our future results of operations remains uncertain.

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social distancing and shelter-
in-place orders put in place around the world have caused widespread
disruption in global economies, productivity, and financial markets and have
altered the way in which we conduct our day-to-day business.

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses
thereto impact our business, operations, and results of operations will
depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately
predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic, including any
potential future waves of the pandemic; governmental, business, and
individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to
the pandemic; the effect on our clients; disruptions or restrictions on our
employees’ ability to work and travel; the availability and cost to access
the capital markets; and interruptions related to our cloud networking and
mobile app infrastructure and that impact our business partners, platform
providers, clients, and customer service and support providers. As a result
of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have temporarily closed some of our offices
around the world and implemented travel restrictions. While substantially
all of our business operations can be performed remotely and we are planning
reopening for certain offices, many of our employees are juggling additional
work-related and personal challenges. With the general shift to remote work,
we are able to tap into candidate pools previously unavailable to us, but
candidates have also sought increased flexibility and may have more options
available to them. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by
the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business
operations, including as may be required by federal, state, local, or
foreign authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our
employees, users, business partners, and stockholders.

In addition to the potential direct impacts to our business, the global
economy has been, and is likely to continue to be, significantly weakened as
a result of the actions taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and
future government intervention remains uncertain. A weakened global economy
may negatively impact our business partners as well as our users’ in-app
purchasing decisions and users’ buying decisions across the globe generally,
which could adversely affect advertiser activity. We may experience
heightened levels of variability in the pricing of advertising both in terms
of user acquisition and as it relates to our Software Platform and Apps. If
these conditions result in significant decreased pricing of advertising, the
revenue we make from our Software Platform and advertisers paying to display
advertisements in our Apps could be adversely affected, particularly if the
levels of user engagement in our Apps are not sufficient to offset these
declines, and we may experience increased pressure on our overall margins.
If we are not able to respond to and manage the direct and indirect impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, then our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain
this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.

We believe that our company culture has been critical to our success and
will be important for our continued growth. We face a number of challenges
that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate culture, including:
failure to identify, attract, reward, and retain people in leadership
positions in our organization who share and further our culture and values;
the increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce; competitive
pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our culture and
values; the continued challenges of a rapidly-evolving industry; the
increasing need to develop expertise in new areas of business that affect
us; a negative perception of our treatment of employees or our response to
employee sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of
management; and the integration of new personnel and businesses from
acquisitions. If we are not able to maintain our culture, we could lose the
innovation, passion, and dedication of our team and as a result, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

If we do not successfully or cost-effectively invest in, establish, and
maintain awareness of the AppLovin brand, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We believe that establishing and maintaining the AppLovin brand is critical
to maintaining and creating favorable relationships with, and our ability to
attract, new business clients, particularly Enterprise Clients, and key
personnel.
                                     33                                     
Table of Contents
Increasing awareness of the AppLovin brand will depend largely upon our
marketing efforts and our ability to successfully differentiate our Software
Platform from the offerings of our competitors. In addition, successfully
globalizing and extending our brand requires significant investment and
extensive management time. If we fail to maintain and increase brand
awareness and recognition of our Software Platform, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We generally do not have long-term agreements with our business clients.

Our business clients are not required to enter into long-term agreements
with us and may choose to stop using our Software Platform at any time. For
example, our advertising agreements can be executed in as little as one day
and can be terminated for convenience on two days’ notice. In order to
continue to grow our Software Platform, we must consistently provide
offerings that clients see as valuable and choose to use. If we fail to
maintain our relationships with our clients, or if the terms of these
relationships become less favorable to us, our results of operations would
be harmed. Additionally, as certain of our clients are also our competitors,
these clients may choose to invest in their own offerings rather than
continue to use our Software Platform. Any failure to maintain our
relationships with business clients could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

If our Apps do not meet user expectations, or contain objectionable content,
our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Expectations regarding the quality, performance, and integrity of our Apps
are high. We must continually adapt to changing user preferences including
the popularity of various game categories, style of play, and IAP options.
Users may be critical of our Apps, business models, or business practices
for a wide variety of reasons, including perceptions about gameplay,
fairness, game content, features, or services. Independent industry analysts
may publish reviews of our Apps from time to time, as well as those of our
competitors, and perception of our Apps in the marketplace may be
significantly influenced by these reviews. We have no control over what
users or these industry analysts report. If users and industry analysts
negatively respond to our Apps or changes that we make to our Apps, or
provide negative reviews of our Apps, our reputation, business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Further, despite reasonable precautions, some users may be offended by
certain mobile app content, advertisements displayed in our Apps or by the
treatment of other users. For example, if users believe that an
advertisement displayed in an App contains objectionable content, we could
experience damage to our brand and reputation and users could refuse to play
such game and pressure platform providers to remove the App from their
platforms. While such content may violate our terms and we may subsequently
remove it, our brand and reputation may nonetheless be harmed and our
clients may become dissatisfied with our services. Furthermore, steps that
we may take in response to such instances, such as temporarily or
permanently shutting off access of a user to our Apps, could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. Any failure to meet user
expectations or provide our Apps without objectionable content could
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

The proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers that seek to
exploit our mobile games and users may adversely affect game-playing
experiences and lead users to stop playing our mobile games. Our failure to
maintain a customer support ecosystem may enhance these risks.

Our users rely on our customer support organization to resolve any issues
relating to our mobile games. Customer support is important for satisfying
user expectations regarding the quality, performance, and integrity of our
mobile games. We currently have limited customer support operations. If we
do not effectively train, supplement, and manage our customer support
organization to assist our users, and if that support organization does not
succeed in helping users quickly resolve issues or provide effective ongoing
support, we could experience decreased user engagement and harm to our
reputation with potential new users.

Additionally, unrelated third parties have developed, and may continue to
develop, “cheating” programs that enable users to exploit vulnerabilities in
our mobile games, play them in an automated way, collude to alter the
intended game play, or obtain unfair advantages over other users who do play
fairly. These programs harm the experience of users who play fairly and may
disrupt the virtual economies of our mobile games and reduce the demand for
certain IAPs. In addition, unrelated third parties have attempted to scam
our users with fake offers for virtual goods or other game benefits. These
unauthorized or fraudulent transactions are usually arranged on third-party
websites and the virtual goods offered may have been obtained through
unauthorized means, such as exploiting vulnerabilities in our mobile games,
or may be fraudulent offers. We do not generate any revenue from these
transactions. These unauthorized purchases and sales from third-party
sellers have in the past and could in the future impede our revenue and
profit growth.

There can be no assurance that our customer support and other efforts to
detect, prevent, or minimize these unauthorized or fraudulent transactions
will be successful, that these actions will not increase over time or that
our customer support efforts will be successful in resolving user issues.
Any failure to maintain adequate customer support or success of third-party
cheating programs or scams may negatively affect game-playing experiences
and lead users to stop playing our mobile games, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
                                     34                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters                             
                                                                            
We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking,
targeting, and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are
continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We receive, store, and process personal information and other data,
including data relating to individuals and households, and we enable our
users to share their personal information with each other and with third
parties, including within our Apps. There are numerous federal, state, and
local laws around the world regarding privacy and the collection, storing,
sharing, use, processing, disclosure, deletion, and protection of personal
information and other data, including data relating to individuals and
households, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing
interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with
other rules.

Various government and consumer agencies have called for new regulation and
changes in industry practices and are continuing to review the need for
greater regulation for the collection of information concerning consumer
behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain
targeted advertising practices. For example, the GDPR, which became
effective in May 2018, created new individual privacy rights and imposed
worldwide obligations on companies processing personal data of European
Union (EU) users, which has created a greater compliance burden for us and
other companies with European users, and subjects violators to substantial
monetary penalties. The United Kingdom has implemented legislation that
substantially implements the GDPR and which also provides for substantial
monetary penalties. In June 2021, the European Commission announced a
decision of “adequacy” concluding that the United Kingdom ensures an
equivalent level of data protection to the GDPR, which provides some relief
regarding the legality of continued personal data flows from the European
Economic Area to the United Kingdom. Such adequacy decision must, however,
be renewed after four years and may be modified or revoked in the interim.
We cannot fully predict how United Kingdom data protection laws or
regulations may develop in the medium to longer term, nor the effects of
divergent laws and guidance regarding how data transfers to and from the
United Kingdom will be regulated,

With regard to transfers to the United States of personal data (as such term
is used in the GDPR and applicable EU member state legislation) from our
employees and European users and other third parties, we have relied upon
the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield as well as certain standard
contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission (the SCCs); however, both
the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the SCCs have been subject to legal
challenge, and on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the EU, Europe’s
highest court, held in the Schrems II case that the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield
was invalid, and imposed additional obligations in connection with the use
of the SCCs. This decision imposes restrictions on the ability to transfer
personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the United States, and with the
exit of the United Kingdom from the EU, we and other companies face
additional restrictions on transfers of personal data from the United
Kingdom. EU regulators since have issued additional guidance regarding these
additional requirements that we and other companies must consider and
undertake when using the SCCs. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission
adopted new SCCs taking into account the Schrems II case and reflecting
requirements under the GDPR. The decision foresees an 18-month grace period
for companies to adopt the new SCCs, subject to obligations to use the SCCs
for new contracts and data processing operations as of September 27, 2021.
We are in the process of assessing these developments and their impact on
our data transfer mechanisms. The SCCs and other cross-border data transfer
mechanisms may face additional legal challenges or be the subject of
additional legislative activity and regulatory guidance. We and many other
companies may need to implement different or additional measures to
establish or maintain legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of
personal data from the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United
Kingdom to the United States, and we may, in addition to other impacts,
experience additional costs associated with increased compliance burdens,
and we and our clients face the potential for regulators to apply different
standards to the transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area,
Switzerland and the United Kingdom to the United States, and to block, or
require ad hoc verification of measures taken with respect to, certain data
flows from the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom to
the United States. We also may be required to engage in contract
negotiations with third parties that aid in processing data on our behalf,
to the extent that any of our service providers, or consultants have been
relying on invalidated or insufficient contractual protections for
compliance with evolving interpretations of and guidance for cross-border
data transfers pursuant to the GDPR, Swiss privacy laws, and UK privacy
laws. In such cases, we may not be able to find alternative service
providers which could limit our ability to process personal data from the
European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom and increase our
costs and/or impact our Core Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings. We and our clients may face a risk of enforcement actions by data
protection authorities in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the
United Kingdom relating to personal data transfers. Any such enforcement
actions could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources,
distract management and technical personnel, and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Similar to GDPR,
in September 2020, Brazil enacted the Brazilian General Data Protection Law
(LGPD). In August 2021, China passed a new data privacy law known as “PIPL”,
effective November 1, 2021, which adopts a stringent data transfer regime
requiring, among other things, data subject consent for certain data
transfers. Any of these developments may have an adverse effect on our
business.

Moreover, the GDPR and other similar regulations require companies to give
specific types of notice and in some cases seek consent from consumers and
other data subjects before collecting or using their data for certain
purposes, including some marketing activities. In addition to the GDPR, the
European Commission has another draft regulation in the
                                     35                                     
Table of Contents
approval process that focuses on a person’s right to conduct a private life.
The proposed legislation, known as the Regulation of Privacy and Electronic
Communications (ePrivacy Regulation), would replace the current ePrivacy
Directive. Originally planned to be adopted and implemented at the same time
as the GDPR, the ePrivacy Regulation is still being negotiated. On February
10, 2021, the Council of the EU agreed on its version of the draft ePrivacy
Regulation. If adopted, the earliest date for entry into force is in 2023,
with broad potential impacts on the use of internet-based services and
tracking technologies, such as cookies. Aspects of the ePrivacy Regulation
remain for negotiation between the European Commission and the Council.

Another example is the State of California’s passage of the CCPA, which went
into effect on January 1, 2020, with implementing regulations taking effect
August 14, 2020, and which created new privacy rights for users residing in
the state, including a private right of action for data breaches. The
California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) was approved by California voters in
November 2020, goes into effect on January 1, 2023, and will significantly
modify the CCPA, potentially resulting in further uncertainty and requiring
us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply.
Additionally, other states appear to be following California’s lead and are
considering new, comprehensive privacy legislation, some of which
contemplate private rights of action, which may increase the likelihood of
class action litigation, that could also adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example,
Nevada, Virginia, and Colorado have similarly enacted comprehensive privacy
laws - The Nevada Privacy Law taking effect October 1, 2019, the Consumer
Data Protection Act taking effect on January 1, 2023 and Colorado Privacy
Act taking effect on July 1, 2023, respectively - all of which emulate the
CCPA and CPRA in many respects. Our efforts to comply with the GDPR, CCPA,
COPPA, and similar legal requirements, such as Brazil's LGPD and China's
PIPL, has required us and will continue to require us to devote significant
operational resources and incur significant expenses. Our privacy and data
protection compliance and oversight efforts will require significant time
and attention from our management and board of directors.

Further, children’s privacy has been a focus of recent enforcement
activities and subjects our business to potential liability that could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.
Enforcement of COPPA, which requires companies to obtain parental consent
before collecting personal information from children known to be under the
age of thirteen or from child-directed websites or online services, has
increased in recent years. In addition, the GDPR prohibits certain
processing of the personal information of children under the age of thirteen
to sixteen (depending on jurisdiction) without parental consent where
consent is used as the lawful basis for processing that personal
information. The CCPA requires companies to obtain the consent of children
in California under the age of sixteen (or parental consent for children
under the age of thirteen) before selling their personal information.
Although we take reasonable efforts to comply with these laws and
regulations, we may in the future face claims under COPPA, the GDPR, the
CCPA, or other laws relating to children’s privacy.

All of our mobile games are subject to privacy policies and terms of service
located in application storefronts, within our mobile games, and on our
respective websites. We endeavor to comply with industry standards and are
subject to the terms of our privacy-related obligations and commitments to
users and third parties. We strive to comply with all applicable laws,
policies, legal obligations, and certain industry codes of conduct relating
to privacy and data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable.
However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another
and may conflict with other rules or our practices. It is also possible that
new laws, policies, legal obligations, or industry codes of conduct may be
passed, or existing laws, policies, legal obligations, or industry codes of
conduct may be interpreted in such a way that could prevent us from being
able to offer services to citizens of a certain jurisdiction or may make it
costlier or more difficult for us to do so. Any failure or perceived failure
by us to comply with our terms of service or privacy policy, or with
applicable laws, regulations, or legal, contractual, or other actual or
asserted obligations to users or third parties, concerning privacy,
information security, data protection, consumer protection, or protection of
minors, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of
security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally
identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental
enforcement actions or other proceedings, claims, demands, and litigation by
private parties, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups
or others and could cause our users to lose trust in us, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of
operations. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as users,
developers, vendors, service providers, or other business partners violate
applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also put our users’
information at risk and could in turn adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which
are unsettled and still developing, which could subject us to claims or
otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad that
affect our business, including state and federal laws regarding consumer
protection, electronic marketing, protection of minors, data protection, and
privacy, competition, taxation, intellectual property, money transmission,
money laundering, investment screening, export, and national security, which
are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of
the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be
conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. There is a risk
that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner that is not
consistent with our current practices and which could adversely affect our
business. As our Software Platform grows and evolves and our Software
Platform and our Apps are
                                     36                                     
Table of Contents
used in a greater number of countries, we may also become subject to laws
and regulations in additional jurisdictions or other jurisdictions may claim
that we are required to comply with their laws and regulations.

With respect to our Apps, we are potentially subject to a number of foreign
and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering of certain types
of content, such as content that depicts violence, the social casino game
genre, or loot boxes, many of which are ambiguous or still evolving and
could be interpreted in ways that could adversely affect our business or
expose us to liability. Some state attorney generals as well as other
international regulatory bodies have brought and may continue to bring legal
actions against social casino app developers and the third-party
distribution platforms for such apps. Further, several jurisdictions have
been regulating and continue to regulate the use of loot boxes in mobile
games. Loot boxes are a commonly used monetization technique in free-to-play
mobile games in which a user can acquire a virtual loot box, typically
through mobile game play or by using virtual goods, but the user does not
know which virtual good(s) he or she will receive (which may be a common,
rare, or extremely rare item, and may be a duplicate of an item the user
already has in his or her inventory) until the loot box is opened. The user
will always receive one or more virtual goods when he or she opens the loot
box, but the user does not know exactly which item(s) until the loot box is
opened. In April 2018, each of the Belgian Gaming Commission and the Dutch
Gambling Authority declared that loot boxes as implemented in certain games
by other companies that they reviewed constituted illegal gambling under
each country’s laws. Further, the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC) has
examined consumer protection issues related to loot boxes and various other
jurisdictions, including certain U.S. states, Australia, Brazil, and the
United Kingdom are reviewing or have indicated that they intend to review
the legality of loot boxes and whether they constitute gambling.
Additionally, in 2021, Germany approved a new Youth Protection Act, that
came into effect on May 1, 2021, which makes it unlawful to sell video games
that contain loot boxes to minors. In some of our mobile games, certain
mechanics may be deemed as “loot boxes”. New regulation by the FTC, U.S.
states, or other international jurisdictions could require that these game
mechanics be modified or removed from games or that such apps be changed
entirely, both of which could increase the costs of operating our mobile
games, impact user engagement and monetization, or otherwise adversely
affect our business. In addition, the increased attention focused upon
liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could
harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. It is
difficult to predict how existing or new laws may be applied to these or
similar game mechanics or genres. Further, laws or regulations may vary
significantly across jurisdictions.

It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or
construed to apply to us in the United States and elsewhere that could
restrict the mobile app ecosystem, including user privacy, data protection,
advertising, communications, taxation, content suitability, copyright,
distribution, and antitrust. Furthermore, the growth and development of
electronic commerce and virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent
consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies
such as ours conducting business through the internet and mobile devices.
For example, China implemented a new policy in September 2021 that restricts
online gaming for those under age 18 to one hour in the evening on Fridays,
weekends, and public holidays. We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of
our industry will increase and we will be required to devote legal and other
resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new
laws regarding the marketing of IAPs, labeling of free-to-play mobile games,
or regulation of currency, banking institutions, unclaimed property or money
transmission may be interpreted to cover our mobile games and the virtual
currency, goods, or payments that we receive. We may also expand into new
business opportunities that subject us to additional laws and regulations.
As such, we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals
from relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us
meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be subject to
additional regulation and oversight, all of which could significantly
increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws or regulations or the
imposition of new laws and regulations in the United States or elsewhere
regarding these activities may lessen the growth of the mobile app
ecosystem. Any costs incurred as a result of adapting to laws and
regulations, or as a result of liability in connection therewith, could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar anti-
corruption and anti- bribery laws, and non-compliance with such laws could
subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and adversely affect
our business and reputation.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA), the U.S.
domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the U.S. Travel Act,
and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws applicable in the
jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery
laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years, are interpreted
broadly and prohibit companies, their employees, and third party business
partners, representatives, and agents from promising, authorizing, making or
offering improper payments or other benefits, directly or indirectly, to
government officials and others in the private sector in order to influence
official action, direct business to any person, gain any improper advantage,
or obtain or retain business. As we continue to expand our business
internationally, our risks under these laws increase.

We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may
have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of
government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held
liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, third-
party business partners, representatives, and agents, even if we do not
explicitly authorize such activities. These laws also require that we keep
accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance
procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and
                                     37                                     
Table of Contents
procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that
our employees, third-party business partners, representatives, and agents
will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for
which we may be ultimately held responsible and our exposure for violating
these laws increases as our international presence expands and as we
increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions.

Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could
result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations,
loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, suspension or
disbarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion of
management’s attention, significant legal fees and fines, severe criminal or
civil sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, disgorgement of
profits, other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the
conduct of our business, any of which could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws
that could impair our ability to compete in global markets or subject us to
liability if we violate the controls.

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps may be subject to U.S.
export controls. Exports of our products and the underlying technology may
require export authorizations, including by license, a license exception, or
other appropriate government authorizations, including the filing of an
encryption classification request or self-classification report, as
applicable.

Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions laws and
regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Control that prohibit the shipment of most technologies to
embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without the required export
authorizations. If we need to obtain any necessary export license or other
authorization for a particular sale, the process may be time-consuming and
may result in the delay or loss of opportunities to sell our products.

We take precautions to prevent our products and the underlying technology
from being provided, deployed or used in violation of export control and
sanctions laws, including implementation of IP address blocking and
sanctioned person screening, and are in the process of further enhancing our
policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance.
However, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures relating to
export control and sanctions compliance will prevent violations in the
future by us or our partners or agents. If we are found to be in violation
of U.S. sanctions or export control regulations, including failure to obtain
appropriate import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, it can result
in significant penalties and government investigations, as well as
reputational harm and loss of business. Knowing and willful violations can
result in possible incarcerations for responsible employees and managers.

In addition to the United States, various other countries regulate the
import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including
import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could
limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our clients’
ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps, or future changes in export and
import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products and
the underlying technology in international markets, prevent our clients with
global operations from deploying our products globally, or, in some cases,
prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries,
governments, or persons altogether. From time to time, various governmental
agencies have proposed additional regulation of encryption technology.

Our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and client and
user base in international markets and acquiring companies that may operate
in countries where we do not already do business. Such acquisitions may
subject us to additional or expanded export regulations. Further, any change
in export or import regulations or controls, economic sanctions or related
legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or
technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of
our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products
to, existing or potential clients with global operations. Any decreased use
of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products
in major international markets could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax
rates, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under are unsettled and may be
subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws (including in response to
the COVID-19 pandemic) or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of
existing laws, could cause us to be subject to additional income-based taxes
and non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value added, digital, net
worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For
example, in December 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted the tax
reform legislation known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 2017 Tax Act).
The 2017 Tax Act significantly changed the existing U.S. corporate income
tax laws by, among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate,
implementing a partially territorial tax system, and imposing a one-time
deemed repatriation tax on certain post-1986 foreign earnings. There is
currently significant tax legislation pending before Congress which, among
other tax provisions, repeals and/or modifies key provisions of the 2017 Tax
Act. If passed, this legislation could materially impact our tax
obligations, including by
                                     38                                     
Table of Contents
increasing our effective tax rate In addition, beginning in 2022, the Tax
Act will require U.S. research and experimental expenditures to be
capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year period. Any such
expenditures attributable to research conducted outside the U.S. must be
capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. Furthermore, many countries
in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and
organizations such as the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development, have recently proposed or recommended changes to existing tax
laws or have enacted new laws that could impact our tax obligations. Some of
these or other new rules could result in double taxation of our
international earnings. Any significant changes to our future effective tax
rate could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.

Our income tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating
structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we
develop, value, manage, and use our intellectual property and the valuation
of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our business,
including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject
to interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting
their laws in new ways in an effort to raise additional tax revenue. Our
existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been
implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current prevailing
tax laws. However, the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we
operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or
intercompany arrangements, which could impact our worldwide effective tax
rate and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
Moreover, changes to our corporate structure and intercompany agreements,
including through acquisitions, could impact our worldwide effective tax
rate and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

In addition, we are subject to federal, state, and local taxes in the United
States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
in evaluating our tax positions and our worldwide provision for (benefit
from) taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many
activities and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. Our tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely
affected by changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws,
regulations, principles, and interpretations, including those relating to
income tax nexus, by our earnings being lower than anticipated in
jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than
anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, by
challenges to our intercompany relationships and transfer pricing
arrangements. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our
determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific
jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position were
not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and
penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax
rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our business,
with some changes possibly affecting our tax obligations in future or past
years. We believe that our financial statements reflect adequate reserves to
cover such a contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard.

Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or
in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes,
and any such assessments could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We do not collect sales and use, value added, and similar taxes in all
jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that such taxes
are not applicable in certain jurisdictions. Sales and use, value added, and
similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain
jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such
taxes are applicable or that our presence in such jurisdictions is
sufficient to require us to collect taxes, which could result in tax
assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to collect such
taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties, and interest or future
requirements may adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. Further, in June 2018, the Supreme Court held in South Dakota v.
Wayfair, Inc. that states could impose sales tax collection obligations on
out-of-state sellers even if those sellers lack any physical presence within
the states imposing the sales taxes. Under the Wayfair decision, a person
requires only a “substantial nexus” with the taxing state before the state
may subject the person to sales tax collection obligations therein. An
increasing number of states (both before and after the publication of the
Wayfair decision) have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose
sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state sellers. The Supreme
Court’s Wayfair decision has removed a significant impediment to the
enactment and enforcement of these laws, and it is possible that states may
seek to tax out-of-state sellers on sales that occurred in prior tax years,
which could create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a
competitive disadvantage if such states do not impose similar obligations on
our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or
advertising that is served through our Software Platform or Apps, our
business could be adversely affected.

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence,
copyright, patent or trademark infringement, public performance royalties,
or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we
distribute. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the DMCA) is intended, in
part, to limit the liability of eligible service providers for caching,
hosting, or linking to user content that includes materials that infringe
copyrights or other rights. We rely on the protections provided by the DMCA
in conducting our business. Similarly, Section 230 of the Communications
Decency Act (Section
                                     39                                     
Table of Contents
230) protects online distribution platforms, such as ours, from actions
taken under various laws that might otherwise impose liability on the
platform provider for what content creators develop or the actions they take
or inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines that we
may rely on in the future are subject to uncertain judicial interpretation
and regulatory and legislative amendments. Future regulatory or legislative
changes may ultimately require us to take a more active approach towards
content moderation, which could diminish the depth, breadth, and variety of
content we offer and, in so doing, reduce our revenue. Moreover, the DMCA
and Section 230 provide protections primarily in the United States. If the
rules around these statutes and doctrines change, if international
jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections, or if a court were to
disagree with our application of those rules to our business, we could incur
liability and our business could be adversely affected. If we become liable
for these types of claims as a result of the content that is included in our
Apps or the advertisements that are served through our Software Platform,
then our business may be adversely affected. Litigation to defend these
claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any
liability could adversely affect our business. Our insurance may not be
adequate to cover these types of claims or any liability that may be imposed
on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our
liability for the actions of third parties, we may incur significant legal
expenses and other costs if copyright holders assert claims, or commence
litigation, alleging copyright infringement against our third-party
developers. While we prohibit mobile apps without distribution rights from
the copyright holder, and we maintain processes and systems for the
reporting and removal of infringing mobile apps, such prohibitions,
processes, and systems may not always be successful. If other developers,
licensees, platform providers, business partners, and personnel are
influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and are
deterred from working with us as a consequence, our ability to maintain or
expand our business, including through international expansion plans, could
be adversely affected.

We have incurred, and will continue to incur, increased costs and demands
upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations
affecting public companies, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank
Act), and the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing
standards. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file
annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and
results of operations. Compliance with these requirements has increased and
will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance
costs and increase demand on our systems, making some activities more time-
consuming and costly. We expect these rules and regulations to make it more
expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we
may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur
substantially higher costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. As a
result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
individuals to serve on our board of directors or as our executive officers.
As a public company, we have incurred and expect to incur significant
expenses and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act. In that regard, we will need to hire additional accounting and
financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical
accounting knowledge. In addition, as a public company, we may be subject to
shareholder activism, which can lead to substantial costs, distract
management, and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways
we cannot currently anticipate.

As a result of disclosure of information in our public filings with the SEC
as required of a public company, our business and financial condition will
become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual
litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims
are successful, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected, and even if the claims do not result in
litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and
resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our
management and our board of directors and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements could cause us to incur
additional expenses or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are involved in or may become involved in claims, suits, government
investigations, including formal and informal inquiries from government
authorities and regulators, and proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of our business, including actions with respect to intellectual property
claims, securities claims, privacy, data protection, or law enforcement
matters, tax matters, labor and employment claims, commercial and
acquisition-related claims, and other matters. We may become the subject of
investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions,
and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly
in the areas of privacy, data protection, law enforcement, consumer
protection, and competition, as we continue to grow and expand our
operations. In addition, we are currently, and may in the future be, subject
to regulatory orders or consent decrees. For example, data protection,
competition, and consumer protection authorities in the European Union have
initiated actions, investigations, or administrative orders seeking to
restrict the ways in which we collect and use information, or impose
sanctions, and other authorities may do the same.
                                     40                                     
Table of Contents
Any such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are
inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty.
Regardless of their outcomes, such legal or regulatory proceedings can have
an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management and
other personnel attention, and other factors. In addition, it is possible
that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in
substantial costs, civil and criminal liability, penalties, or sanctions, as
well as judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering
certain features, functionalities, products or services, or requiring a
change in our business practices, products or technologies, which could
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.
                                                                            
  Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property                                
                                                                            
Failure to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual property
rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We regard our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps and related
source code as proprietary and rely on a variety of methods, including a
combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws and
employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements, to protect our
proprietary rights. We view the protection of our trade secrets, copyrights,
trademarks, service marks, trade dress, domain names, patents, and other
product rights as critical to our success. We strive to protect our
intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law
rights, as well as contractual restrictions and business practices. We also
enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our
employees and contractors and confidentiality agreements with parties with
whom we conduct business in order to limit access to, and disclosure and use
of, our proprietary information. However, these contractual arrangements and
business practices may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary
information or deter independent development of similar technologies by
others.

We own or license, and pursue the registration of, copyrights, trademarks,
service marks, domain names, and patents in the United States and in certain
locations outside the United States. This process can be expensive and time-
consuming, may not always be successful depending on local laws or other
circumstances, and we also may choose not to pursue registrations in every
location depending on the nature of the project to which the intellectual
property rights pertain. We may, over time, increase our investments in
protecting our creative works.

We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our Apps occurs, and if a
significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying of our Apps were to
occur, it could adversely affect our business. In addition, even if
authorized copying of our Apps occurs, third-party platforms may not remove
infringing material. We also cannot be certain that existing intellectual
property laws will provide adequate protection for our products in
connection with emerging technologies. Litigation may be necessary to
enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or
determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others.
Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result
in substantial costs, adverse publicity, and diversion of management and
technical resources. If we fail to maintain, protect, and enhance our
intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected.

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes,
which are costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages
and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.

From time to time, we have faced, and we may face in the future, allegations
that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents, and other
intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our
competitors, non-practicing entities and former employers of our personnel.
Intellectual property litigation may be protracted and expensive, and the
results are difficult to predict. As the result of any court judgment or
settlement, we may be obligated to alter our Software Platform or Apps, in a
particular geographic region or worldwide, pay royalties or significant
settlement costs, purchase licenses, or develop substitutes.

In certain of our agreements, we also indemnify our licensees and other
business partners. We may incur significant expenses defending these
business partners if they are sued for intellectual property infringement
based on allegations related to our technology. If a business partner were
to lose a lawsuit and in turn seek indemnification from us, we also could be
subject to significant monetary liabilities. In addition, because our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps often involve the use of third-
party technology, this increases our exposure to litigation in circumstances
where there is a claim of infringement asserted against one of our mobile
games or other products and services in question, even if the claim does not
pertain to our technology.

Many of our products and services contain open source software, and we
license some of our software through open source projects, which may pose
particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a
manner that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We use open source software in our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and
Apps and expect to continue to use open source software in the future. In
addition, we contribute software source code to open source projects under
open source licenses or release internal software projects under open source
licenses, and anticipate continuing to do so in the future. The terms of
many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted
by U.S. or foreign
                                     41                                     
Table of Contents
courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be
construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions
on our ability to provide or distribute our products or services.
Additionally, under some open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary
software with open source software in a certain manner, third parties may
claim ownership of, a license to, or demand release of, the open source
software or derivative works that we developed using such software, which
could include our proprietary source code. Such third parties may also seek
to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license through
litigation which, if successful, could require us to make our proprietary
software source code freely available, purchase a costly license, or cease
offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can re-
engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could
require significant additional research and development resources, and we
may not be able to complete it successfully. In addition to risks related to
open source license requirements, use of certain open source software may
pose greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, since open
source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the
origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or
manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property may
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our
costs.

While most of the intellectual property we use in our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, and Apps is created by us, from time to time, we also
acquire rights to third-party intellectual property. Proprietary licenses
may limit our use of intellectual property to specific uses and for specific
time periods, require time and attention of licensors in providing guidance
and related approvals, and include other contractual obligations with which
we must comply. Additionally, competition for these licenses is intense and
often results in increased advances, minimum payment guarantees, and
royalties to the licensor, and as such we may be unable to identify suitable
licensing targets or complete licensing arrangements. If we are unable to
obtain and remain in compliance with the terms of these licenses or obtain
additional licenses on reasonable economic terms, our business and results
of operations could be adversely affected. Further, if the mix of IAPs
shifts toward mobile games in which we use licensed intellectual property or
if we develop additional Apps that require licensing of third-party
intellectual property, our overall margins may be reduced due to royalty
obligations.

In addition, many of our Apps are built on proprietary source code of third
parties, such as Unity Software. Unity Software offers certain solutions
that may compete with our offerings. If we are unable to renew licenses to
proprietary source code underlying our mobile games, or the terms and
conditions of these licenses change at the time of renewal, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We rely on third parties, including Unity Software, to maintain versions of
their proprietary engines that allow us to distribute our mobile games on
multiple platforms. If a third party from whom we license source code
discontinues support for one or more of these platforms, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
                                                                            
  Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters                         
                                                                            
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and
accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be
impaired.

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the
applicable Nasdaq listing standards. We expect that the requirements of
these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting,
and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-
consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel,
systems, and resources.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain
effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be
disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to
improve our internal control over financial reporting, which includes hiring
additional accounting and financial personnel to implement such processes
and controls.

In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we
have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant
resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management
oversight. If any of these new or improved controls and systems do not
perform as expected, we may experience further deficiencies in our controls.

Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, to the
extent we acquire other businesses, the acquired company may not have a
sufficiently robust system of controls and we may discover deficiencies. Any
failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties
encountered in their implementation or improvement could adversely affect
our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for
prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting also could
                                     42                                     
Table of Contents
adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual
independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we
will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be
filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would
likely cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. In
addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may
not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Prior to
our initial public offering, we were not required to comply with the SEC
rules that implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and were
therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. As a public
company, we are required to provide an annual management report on the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting commencing
with our second annual report on Form 10-K.

Our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to
formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting commencing with our second annual report on Form 10-K. At such
time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report
that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our
internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed, or
operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the
market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in
financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future
accounting standards to our business as it evolves.

Our reported results of operations are impacted by the accounting standards
promulgated by the SEC and accounting standards bodies and the methods,
estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. A
change in accounting standards could have a significant effect on our
reported financial results, and may even affect the reporting of
transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change.
The frequency of accounting standards changes could accelerate, including
conversion to unified international accounting standards. Accounting
standards affecting revenue recognition have affected, and could further
significantly affect, the way we account for revenue. Any future changes to
accounting standards may cause our results of operations to fluctuate. For
example, if the accounting standards for revenue derived from free-to-play
mobile games were to change, particularly with respect to revenue generated
from digital storefronts, our results of operations could be adversely
affected.

Further, although we believe our estimates are reasonable based on available
user information, we may revise such estimates in the future in the event
our users’ average playing period changes. Any adjustments arising from
changes in the estimates of the lives of these virtual goods would be
applied to the current quarter and prospectively on the basis that such
changes are caused by new information indicating a change in the user
behavior patterns of our users. As we enhance, expand and diversify our
business and product offerings, the application of existing or future
financial accounting standards could adversely our results of operations.

We rely on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our key
metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics could adversely
affect our reputation and our business.

Certain of the metrics that we disclose are calculated using internal
company data that has not been independently verified or data from third-
party attribution partners. While these metrics and figures are based on
what we believe to be reasonable calculations for the applicable period of
measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring these metrics and
figures across our worldwide client base and user base. We regularly review
and may adjust our processes for calculating our metrics and other figures
to improve their accuracy, but these efforts may not prove successful and we
may discover material inaccuracies. In addition, our methodology for
calculating these metrics may differ from the methodology used by other
companies to calculate similar metrics and figures. We may also discover
unexpected errors in the data that we are using that resulted from technical
or other errors. If we determine that any of our metrics or figures are not
accurate, we may be required to revise or cease reporting such metrics or
figures. Any real or perceived inaccuracies in our metrics and other figures
could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

Conversion of key internal systems and processes, particularly our
enterprise resource planning system, and problems with the design,
implementation, or operation of these systems and processes could interfere
with, and therefore adversely affect, our business and operations.

We converted certain key internal business systems and processes, including
our enterprise resource planning system, to a cloud-based system. We have
invested, and will continue to invest, significant capital and human
resources in the design, implementation, and operation of these business
systems and processes. Any problems in the functioning of these systems or
processes, particularly any that impact our operations, could adversely
affect our ability to process payments, record and transfer information in a
timely and accurate manner, recognize revenue, file SEC reports in a timely
manner, or otherwise run our business and could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.
                                     43                                     
Table of Contents
We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our
goodwill becomes impaired.

We are required under GAAP to review our goodwill for impairment at least
annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate
the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a
change in circumstances, indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our
goodwill continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in the
market price of our Class A common stock and our market capitalization,
slower growth rates in our industry, underperformance of certain assets, or
other materially adverse events. We may be required to record a significant
charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which
any impairment of our goodwill is determined.

We have substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities
and our obligations thereunder may limit our operational flexibility or
otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are party to a credit agreement that provides for senior secured credit
consisting of term loans and a revolving credit facility, with varying
maturity dates through 2028. As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate
principal amount of our outstanding indebtedness under our credit facilities
was $3.27 billion. There can be no assurance that we will be able to repay
this indebtedness when due, or that we will be able to refinance this
indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all.

Our indebtedness could adversely impact us. For example, these obligations
could among other things:

• make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;

• increase our cost of borrowing;

• make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary future
financing for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions
and partnerships, debt service requirements, or other purposes;

• restrict us from making strategic acquisitions and partnerships or cause
us to make divestitures or similar transactions;

• adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse effect on
our financial condition upon repayment of the indebtedness;

• require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from
operations to service and repay the indebtedness, reducing the amount of
cash flow available for other purposes;

• increase our vulnerability to adverse and economic conditions;

• increase our exposure to interest rate risk from variable rate
indebtedness;

• place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged
competitors; and

• limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our
business.

In addition, from time to time we have entered into interest rate swap
instruments to limit our exposure to changes in variable interest rates.
While our hedging strategy is designed to minimize the impact of increases
in interest rates applicable to our variable rate debt, including our credit
facility, there can be no guarantee that our hedging strategy will be
effective, and we may experience credit- related losses in some
circumstances.

Our credit agreement also imposes restrictions on us and requires us to
maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to comply with
these covenants may be affected by market, economic, financial, competitive,
legislative, and regulatory factors, as well as other factors that are
beyond our control. A breach of any of the covenants in the credit agreement
governing our credit facilities could result in an event of default, which,
if not cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness and
an increase in the interest rates applicable to such indebtedness, and may
result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt we may incur
in the future to which a cross- acceleration or cross-default provision
applies. In addition, we have granted a security interest in a significant
portion of our assets to secure our obligations under our credit facility.
During the existence of an event of default under our credit agreement, the
applicable lenders could exercise their rights and remedies thereunder,
including by way of initiating foreclosure proceedings against any assets
constituting collateral for our obligations under the credit facility. The
acceleration of the indebtedness under our credit agreement or under any
other indebtedness could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant
debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt
obligations depends on our financial condition and results of operations,
which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to
certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors
beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows
from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal,
premium, if any, or interest on our indebtedness. If our
                                     44                                     
Table of Contents
cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service
obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, capital expenditures, and payments on account of other
obligations, seek additional capital, restructure or refinance our
indebtedness, or sell assets. These alternative measures may not be
successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service
obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on
the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such
time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and
could require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further
restrict our business operations. In addition, we cannot assure you that we
will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all.

If we are unable to repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness when due,
or if any other event of default is not cured or waived, the applicable
lenders could accelerate our outstanding obligations or proceed against the
collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which could force us
into bankruptcy or liquidation. In the event the applicable lenders
accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not
have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Any acceleration of
amounts due under the agreements governing our credit facility or the
exercise by the applicable lenders of their rights under the security
documents could have a material and adverse effect on our business.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and
support business growth, and this capital may not be available on acceptable
terms or at all.

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support our
business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business
challenges, including the need to continue to develop our Core Technologies
and Software Platform, enhance our existing Apps and develop new Apps and
features, improve our operating infrastructure, or enter into strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity,
equity-linked, or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise
additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt
securities, our existing stockholders could experience significant dilution,
and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and
privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any
debt financing that we secure in the future could involve offering
additional security interests and undertaking restrictive covenants relating
to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational
matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional
capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential
acquisitions. Our credit agreement, which provides for a term loan and
revolving credit facility, contains financial covenants with which we must
comply. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable
to us, if at all. Additionally, if we seek to access additional capital or
increase our borrowing, there can be no assurance that financing and credit
may be available on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain
adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require
it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to
business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business,
financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected.

The London Interbank Offered Rate calculation method may change and LIBOR is
expected to be phased out after 2023.

Interest on our term loan and revolving credit facility, which are scheduled
to mature in 2028, may be calculated based on the London Interbank Offered
Rate (LIBOR). LIBOR is the subject of national, international and other
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. On July 27, 2017, the U.K.’s
Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that administers LIBOR) announced
that it intends to phase out LIBOR by June of 2023. The United States
Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts
that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. It is unclear whether new methods of
calculating LIBOR will be established such that it continues to exist after
June of 2023, or if alternative rates or benchmarks will be adopted. The
Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal
Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has identified the
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), a new index calculated by short-
term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred
alternative rate for LIBOR. At this time, it is not possible to predict how
markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the
transition away from the LIBOR benchmarks is anticipated in coming years.
Accordingly, the outcome of these reforms is uncertain and any changes in
the methods by which LIBOR is determined or regulatory activity related to
LIBOR’s phaseout could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past
or cease to exist. This could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations, cash flows, and liquidity. We cannot predict the effect of the
potential changes to LIBOR or the establishment and use of alternative rates
or benchmarks, including SOFR. We may need to renegotiate our credit
facility or incur other indebtedness, and changes in the method of
calculating LIBOR, or the use of an alternative rate or benchmark, including
SOFR, may negatively impact the terms of such renegotiated credit facility
or such other indebtedness. If changes are made to the method of calculating
LIBOR or LIBOR ceases to exist, we may need to amend certain contracts and
cannot predict what alternative rate or benchmark would be negotiated. This
may result in an increase to our interest expense.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and Governance

The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting Agreement among
the Voting Agreement Parties have the effect of concentrating voting power
with the Voting Agreement Parties, which will limit your ability to
influence the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval,
including the election of our board
                                     45                                     
Table of Contents
of directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or
substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction.

We have three classes of common stock. Our Class A common stock has one vote
per share, our Class B common stock has 20 votes per share, and our Class C
common stock has no voting rights, except as otherwise required by law. Adam
Foroughi, our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, our President
and Chief Financial Officer, and a member of our board of directors; and KKR
Denali Holdings L.P. (collectively with certain affiliates, the Voting
Agreement Parties) together hold all of the issued and outstanding shares of
our Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2021, the Voting Agreement
Parties collectively held approximately 84% of the voting power of our
outstanding capital stock in the aggregate. This voting power includes
shares of Class A common stock deemed beneficially owned in accordance with
Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the Exchange Act. The Voting Agreement Parties have
entered into a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement) whereby all Class B
common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their respective
permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by
two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (one of which
must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Voting Agreement Parties will
collectively be able to determine or significantly influence any action
requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our
board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation,
sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate
transaction. The Voting Agreement Parties may have interests that differ
from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree, and which may be
adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of
delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control of our company, could
deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their
capital stock as part of a sale of our company, and might ultimately affect
the market price of our Class A common stock.

Future transfers by the holders of Class B common stock will generally
result in those shares automatically converting into shares of Class A
common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers
effected for estate planning, transfers among affiliates of KKR Denali
Holdings L.P., or other transfers among the Voting Agreement Parties. In
addition, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into
one share of Class A common stock upon certain events specified in our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

In addition, because our Class C common stock carries no voting rights
(except as otherwise required by law), if we issue Class C common stock in
the future, the holders of Class B common stock may be able to elect all of
our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a
vote of our stockholders for a longer period of time than would be the case
if we issued Class A common stock rather than Class C common stock in such
transactions.

We are considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, and, as a result, we qualify for, and
currently rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements.

As a result of our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting
Agreement, the Voting Agreement Parties collectively hold greater than a
majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock and the Voting
Agreement Parties have the authority to vote the shares of all Class B
common stock, subject to the terms of the Voting Agreement, at their
discretion on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. Therefore, we
are considered a “controlled company” as that term is set forth in the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Under these corporate governance
requirements, a company in which over 50% of the voting power for the
election of directors is held by an individual, a group, or another company
is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements, including:

• the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist of
independent directors;

• the requirement that we have a nominating/corporate governance committee
that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter
addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities;

• the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is comprised
entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the
committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and

• the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and
corporate governance and compensation committees.

We currently utilize, and intend to continue to utilize, certain of these
exemptions. As a result, our compensation committee does not consist
entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, you will not have the same
protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of
the corporate governance requirements. In the event that we cease to be a
“controlled company” and our Class A common stock continues to be listed on
Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with these provisions within the
applicable transaction periods.

We cannot predict the effect our multi-class structure may have on the
market price of our Class A common stock.

We cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower
or more volatile market price of our Class A common stock, in adverse
publicity, or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index
providers have
                                     46                                     
Table of Contents
announced restrictions on including companies with multi-class share
structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE Russell announced
that it plans to require new constituents of its indices to have greater
than 5% of the company’s voting rights in the hands of public stockholders,
and S&P Dow Jones announced that it will no longer admit companies with
multi-class share structures to certain of its indices. Affected indices
include the Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, and S&P SmallCap
600, which together make up the S&P Composite 1500. Also in 2017, MSCI, a
leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on their treatment
of no-vote and multi-class structures and temporarily barred new multi-class
listings from certain of its indices and in October 2018, MSCI announced its
decision to include equity securities “with unequal voting structures” in
its indices and to launch a new index that specifically includes voting
rights in its eligibility criteria. Under such announced policies, the
multi-class structure of our common stock would make us ineligible for
inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded
funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to track those indices
would not invest in our Class A common stock. These policies are relatively
new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations
of publicly-traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible
that they may depress valuations, as compared to similar companies that are
included. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive
strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock
indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could
make our Class A common stock less attractive to other investors. As a
result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely
affected.

The market price of our Class A common stock could be volatile, and you
could lose all or part of your investment.

The market price of our Class A common stock has, and may continue to,
fluctuate substantially depending on a number of factors, including those
described in this “Risk Factors” section, many of which are beyond our
control and may not be related to our operating performance. These
fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our
Class A common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market
price of our Class A common stock include the following:

• price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to
time, including fluctuations due to general economic uncertainty or negative
market sentiment, in particular related to the COVID-19 pandemic;

• volatility in the market and trading volumes of technology stocks;

• changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other
technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular;

• sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our stockholders;

• rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our
industry;

• failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in
financial estimates by securities analysts who follow our company, or our
failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;

• actual or perceived significant data breaches involving our Core
Technologies, Software Platform or Apps;

• the financial or non-financial metric projections we may provide to the
public, any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those
projections;

• third-party data published about us or other mobile gaming companies,
whether or not such data accurately reflects actual levels of usage;

• announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services;

• the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements,
and filings with the SEC;

• fluctuations in the trading volume of shares of our Class A common stock
or the size of our public float;

• short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative
securities;

• actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of
operations;

• actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors’
businesses, or the competitive landscape generally;

• our issuance of shares of our Class A common stock;

• litigation or regulatory action involving us, our industry or both, or
investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our
competitors;

• developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other
proprietary rights;

• announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or
our competitors;

• new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or
regulations applicable to our business;

• changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or
principles;
                                     47                                     
Table of Contents
• major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets;

• any significant change in our management; and

• general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets.

In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in
general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the market price of our
Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. The market price of our Class
A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other
companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity of any trading market,
your ability to sell your shares of our Class A common stock when desired,
or the prices that you may obtain for your shares of our Class A common
stock.

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been
brought against that company. If the market price of our Class A common
stock is volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation.
Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our
management’s attention and resources from our business. Such litigation
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We may not realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of our share
repurchase programs and any failure to repurchase our Class A common stock
after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our
stock price.

In February 2022, we announced that our board of directors authorized the
repurchase of up to $750.0 million of our Class A common stock over time.
Under this or any other future share repurchase programs, we may make share
repurchases through a variety of methods, including open share market
purchases, block transactions or privately negotiated transactions, in
accordance with applicable federal securities laws. Our share repurchase
program has no time limit, does not obligate us to repurchase any specific
number of shares and may be suspended at any time at our discretion and
without prior notice. The timing and amount of any repurchases, if any, will
be subject to liquidity, stock price, market and economic conditions,
compliance with applicable legal requirements such as Delaware surplus and
solvency tests, compliance with our credit agreement, and other relevant
factors. Any failure to repurchase stock after we have announced our
intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor
confidence in us and may negatively impact our stock price.

The existence of this share repurchase program could cause our stock price
to be higher than it otherwise would be and could potentially reduce the
market liquidity for our stock. Although this program is intended to enhance
long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance it will do so because the
market price of our Class A common stock may decline below the levels at
which we repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could
reduce the effectiveness of the program.

Repurchasing our Class A common stock will reduce the amount of cash we have
available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic
acquisitions or business opportunities, and other general corporate
requirements, and we may fail to realize the anticipated long-term
stockholder value of any share repurchase programs.

Future sales of our Class A common stock could depress the market price of
our Class A common stock.

The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of
sales of a large number of shares of our Class A common stock in the market,
and the perception that these sales could occur may also depress the market
price of our Class A common stock.

Certain stockholders are entitled, under our investors’ rights agreement
(our IRA), to certain demand registration rights. In addition, we filed a
registration statement to register shares reserved for future issuance under
our equity compensation plans and a registration statement to register
shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan for resale. As a result, subject to the satisfaction of applicable
exercise periods, the registered shares, including those issued upon
exercise of outstanding stock options, will be available for immediate
resale in the United States in the open market.

Sales of our Class A common stock as restrictions end or pursuant to
registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell equity
securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.
These sales also could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to
fall and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Class A common
stock.

The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise will
dilute all othe r stockholders.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue
up to 1,500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, up to 150,000,000 shares
of Class C common stock, and up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock
with such rights and preferences as may be determined by our board of
directors. Subject to compliance with applicable rules
                                     48                                     
Table of Contents
and regulations, we may issue shares of Class A common stock or securities
convertible into shares of our Class A common stock from time to time in
connection with a financing, acquisition, investment, our equity incentive
plans, or otherwise. For example, in connection with our acquisition of
Adjust in April 2021, we issued convertible securities that converted into
an aggregate of 6,320,688 shares of our Class A common stock. Any such
issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders
and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Our multi-class stock structure, the Voting Agreement, and other provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest
difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our
company more difficult, including the following:

• our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement, which
provide the Voting Agreement Parties with the ability to determine or
significantly influence the outcome of matters requiring stockholder
approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares
of our outstanding common stock;

• vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by our board of
directors and not by stockholders;

• a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by a majority of
our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief
Executive Officer, or our President;

• advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates
for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of
stockholders;

• our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for
cumulative voting;

• our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes
undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and
shares of which may be issued by our board of directors, without further
action by our stockholders;

• after the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B common
stock represent less than a majority of the total combined voting power of
our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock (the Voting Threshold
Date), our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of
stockholders and will not be able to take action by written consent for any
matter; and

• certain litigation against us may only be brought in Delaware.

These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a
transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take
other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain
circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a
premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect
the market price of our Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court located
within the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United
States as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and
our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or
employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or
proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of
breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other
employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to
any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws,
or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal
affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
(or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal
district court for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the
court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants,
and provided that this exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits
brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act.

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal
and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both
state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To
prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat
of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other
considerations, our amended and restated bylaws also provide that the
federal district courts of the United States of America will be the
exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action
arising under the Securities Act. However, while the Delaware Supreme Court
ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to
require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are
“facially valid” under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether
other courts will enforce our federal forum provision. If the federal forum
provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters.
                                     49                                     
Table of Contents
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning
(or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall
be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions.
Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing
increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal
securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the
exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a
claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our
directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits with respect to such claims against us and our current and former
directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees. Our stockholders will
not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum
provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum
provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be unenforceable
or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with
resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results
of operations.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                                      │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable .
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 2. Properties                                                      │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our corporate headquarters is in Palo Alto, California, where we currently
lease approximately 72,812 square feet under a lease agreement that expires
in March 2027. We also lease and license additional facilities in the United
States in Carlsbad, Palo Alto, San Francisco, San Jose, and Santa Clara,
California; Las Vegas, Nevada; Secaucus, New Jersey; New York, New York;
Raleigh, North Carolina; and Richardson, Texas; and internationally in San
Paulo, Brazil; Toronto, Canada; Beijing, Hangzhou and Shanghai, China;
Limassol, Cyprus; Prague, Czech Republic; London, England; Paris, France;
Berlin, Germany; Jakarta, Indonesia; Dublin, Ireland; Herzliya and Tel Aviv,
Israel; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, South Korea; Singapore; Madrid, Spain;
Istanbul, Turkey; and Dubai, United Arab Emirates.

We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current needs.
However, we intend to expand our facilities and add new facilities as we add
employees and enter new geographic markets, and we believe that suitable
additional or alternative space will be available as needed to accommodate
any such growth. We expect to incur additional expenses in connection with
such new or expanded facilities.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                               │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that
arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as governmental and other
regulatory investigations and proceedings. In addition, third parties may
from time to time assert claims against us in the form of letters and other
communications. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings that,
if determined adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and
our business partners and to determine the scope, enforceability, and
validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary
rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted
with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an
adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of
management resources, and other factors.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
                                     50                                     
Table of Contents
╔═ § ══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                          ║
║                                 Part II                                  ║
║                                                                          ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder      │
│  Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                       │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                            
  Market Information for Common Stock                                       
                                                                            
Our Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under
the symbol “APP.” Our Class B and Class C common stock are neither listed
nor traded.
                                                                            
  Holders of Record                                                         
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2021, there were approximately 42 stockholders of record
of our Class A common stock, 10 stockholders of records of our Class B
common stock and no holders of record of our Class C common stock. Because
many of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and other
institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total
number of stockholders represented by these record holders. All shares of
Class B common stock are beneficially held by Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen,
and KKR Denali Holdings L.P., collectively with certain affiliated trusts.
                                                                            
  Dividend Policy                                                           
                                                                            
We have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
                                                                            
  Stock Performance Graph                                                   
                                                                            
This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be
“filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the
liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated
by reference into any filing of AppLovin Corporation under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act").

The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our
Class A common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard &
Poor's 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the S&P 500 Information Technology
Index (S&P IT) through December 31, 2021. The graph assumes $100 was
invested at the market close on April 15, 2021, which was the first day our
Class A common stock began trading. Data for the S&P and S&P IT assumes
reinvestment of dividends. The offering price of our Class A common stock in
our initial public offering on April 15, 2021 was $80.00 per share. The
graph uses the closing market price on April 15, 2021 of $65.20 per share as
the initial value of our Class A common stock.

The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are
not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future performance of our Class
A common stock.
                                     51                                     
Table of Contents

Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
                                                                            
  Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities                                    
                                                                            
During the three months ended December 31, 2021, we issued 44,539 shares of
our Class A common stock upon the vesting of RSUs under our 2021 Partner
Studio Incentive Plan.

The foregoing transactions did not involve any underwriters, any
underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We believe
the offer, sale, and issuance of the above securities was exempt from
registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act,
because the issuance of securities to the recipients did not involve a
public offering. The recipients of the securities in the transaction
represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only
and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution
thereof, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates
issued in the transaction. All recipients had adequate access, through their
relationships with us or otherwise, to information about us. The issuance of
these securities was made without any general solicitation or advertising.
                                                                            
  Use                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  o                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  f Proceeds                                                                
                                                                            
On April 19, 2021, we completed our initial public offering (IPO), in which
we sold 22,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock and KKR Denali
Holdings L.P. sold 2,500,000 shares of Class A common stock at a price to
the public of $80.00 per share. We received aggregate net proceeds of $1.75
billion, net of underwriting discounts and commissions of $47.2 million and
offering expenses of $7.9 million subject to certain cost reimbursements.

We utilized approximately $400.0 million of the net proceeds from our IPO to
repay the entire outstanding amount under our revolving credit facility. We
intend to use the net proceeds we received from our IPO for general
corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses and
capital expenditures. Additionally, we may use a portion of the net proceeds
we received from our IPO to enter into strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. The representatives of the underwriters of our IPO were Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. No payments were made by
us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our
common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates, other than
payments in the ordinary course of business to officers for salaries and to
non-employee directors pursuant to our director compensation policy.

There has been no material change in the planned use of the IPO proceeds as
described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021,
pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act.
                                                                            
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                                     
                                                                            
None.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 6. [Reserved]                                                      │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                     52                                     
Table of Contents
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION     │
│  AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                                               │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with the section titled
“Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data” and the consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or
contribute to such differences include those identified below and those
discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” and other parts of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future.
A discussion of the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2019 has been reported previously in our final prospectus dated
April 14, 2021 filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021 pursuant to Rule
424(b)(4) (File No. 333-253800) of the Securities Act, under the heading
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.”
                                                                            
  Overview                                                                  
                                                                            
Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of
mobile app developers. Our software solutions provide advanced tools for
mobile app developers to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing
the marketing and monetization of their apps. Our software, coupled with our
deep industry knowledge and expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale a
successful and diversified portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and
partnership strategy. Our scaled and integrated business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong growth.

Since our founding in 2011, we have been focused on building a software-
based platform for mobile app developers to improve the marketing and
monetization of their apps. Our founders, who are mobile app developers
themselves, quickly realized the real impediment to success and growth in
the mobile app ecosystem was a discovery and monetization problem—breaking
through the congested app stores to efficiently find users and successfully
grow their business. Their first-hand experience with these developer
challenges led to the development of our infrastructure and
software—AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software Platform. We
capitalized on our success and understanding of the mobile app ecosystem by
launching AppLovin Apps in 2018. Our Apps now consist of a globally
diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-play mobile games across five
genres, run by nineteen studios.

Our focus on building a market-leading software platform, coupled with our
unique approach to developing and growing our Apps portfolio, as well as our
strategic investments to date, has produced a business model characterized
by rapid growth and strong cash flow generation. For 2021, our revenue grew
92% year-over-year from 2020, from $1.45 billion in 2020 to $2.79 billion in
2021. For 2020, our revenue grew 46% year-over-year from 2019, from $994.1
million in 2019 to $1.45 billion in 2020. We generated net income of $35.3
million in 2021, net loss of $125.9 million in 2020, and net income of
$119.0 million in 2019. We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $726.8 million,
$345.5 million, and 301.2 million in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
Additionally, we have generated strong cash flows, with net cash provided by
operating activities of $361.9 million, $222.9 million, and $198.5 million
in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Given our strong financial position,
we have been able to reinvest in our expansion and growth and consummate
strategic acquisitions and partnerships. See the section titled “—Non-GAAP
Financial Measures” for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation
of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable
financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.

In February 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase
program to repurchase $750.0 million of our Class A common stock over time.
The program is effective immediately. We will continuously evaluate
efficient alternatives to using cash on hand to fund the program, including
accessing the capital markets, subject to market conditions.
                                                                            
  Our Business Model                                                        
                                                                            
We collect revenue from business clients, comprised of Business—Software
Platform and Business—Apps revenue (collectively, "Business Revenue") and
consumers. In 2021, Business Revenue represented 48% of total revenue and
Consumer Revenue represented 52% of total revenue.
                                                                            
  Business Revenue                                                          
                                                                            
We generate Business—Software Platform revenue from fees paid by mobile app
advertisers, or business clients, that use our Software Platform to grow and
monetize their apps. We also collect Business—Apps revenue from business
clients that purchase the digital advertising inventory of our portfolio of
Apps. We are able to grow our Business Revenue by improving our Software
Platform, adding more apps to our Apps portfolio and increasing engagement
on our existing Apps. While we have thousands of business clients as of
December 31, 2021, the vast majority of our revenue is derived from our
Enterprise Clients. See “—Key Metrics” below for additional information on
how we calculate Enterprise Clients. Approximately 96% of our Business
Revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 came from our 407
                                     53                                     
Table of Contents
Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2021. Our Enterprise Clients had a Net
Dollar-Based Retention Rate of approximately 176% for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021. 1

Business—Software Platform clients include a wide variety of advertisers and
publishers, from indie developer studios to some of the largest global
internet platforms, such as Facebook and Google. We have rapidly grown the
number of Software Platform Enterprise Clients from 158 as of December 31,
2020 to 461 as of December 31, 2021, which generated approximately 94% of
our Business Revenue from our Software Platform for the three months ended
December 31, 2021. Our Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate from existing
Software Platform Enterprise Clients (SPECs) was 204% for SPECs as of
December 31, 2021. 2 We see multiple opportunities to gain new business
clients, and to increase spend from existing business clients, as we help
them grow their businesses and make them more successful. Business Software
Platform represented 51% of total Business Revenue in the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021.

Our Software Platform includes AppDiscovery, Adjust, and MAX. Business
clients use AppDiscovery to automate, optimize, and manage their user
acquisition investments. They set marketing and user growth goals, and
AppDiscovery optimizes their ad spend in an effort to achieve their return
on advertising spend targets and other marketing objectives. AppDiscovery
comprises the vast majority of revenue from our Software Platform. Revenue
is generated from our advertisers, typically on a performance-based, and
shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a cost per impression
model.

Business clients use Adjust’s SaaS mobile marketing platform to better
understand their users’ journey while allowing marketers to make smarter
decisions through measurement, attribution, and fraud prevention. Revenue
from Adjust is primarily generated from an annual software subscription fee.

Business clients use MAX to optimize purchases of app ad inventory. Revenue
from MAX is generated based on a percentage of client spend. As more
developers move to in-app bidding monetization, we expect growth in the
adoption of, and revenue from, MAX.

Our Business—Apps revenue clients purchase advertising inventory from our
Apps and are able to target highly relevant users from our diverse and
global portfolio of over 350 mobile games. Our clients leverage a broad set
of high-performing mobile ad formats, including playable and rewarded video,
and are able to match these ads with relevant users resulting in a better
return on their advertising spend. By increasing the number of users and
their engagement, as well as better matching ads with the appropriate target
audience, we are able to increase our revenue from business clients that
purchase advertising inventory from our Apps. Revenue from business clients
related to our Apps is generated from ads purchased by advertisers, as well
as from revenue-sharing agreements between some of our studios and a
selection of third-party studios for which they publish and monetize games.
                                                                            
  Consumer Revenue                                                          
                                                                            
Consumer Revenue is generated when a user of one of our Apps makes an in-app
purchase (IAP). Our Apps are generally free-to-play mobile games and
generate Consumer Revenue through IAPs. IAPs consist of virtual goods used
to enhance gameplay, accelerate access to certain features or levels, and
augment other mobile game progression opportunities for the user. IAPs drive
more engagement and better economics from our Apps. The vast majority of our
IAP revenue flows through two app stores, Apple App Store and Google Play,
which charge us a standard commission on IAPs.

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we had an average of 3.0
million Monthly Active Payers (MAPs) across our portfolio of Apps. Over that
period, we had an Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer (ARPMAP) of $43.
Leveraging the benefit of our integrated Core Technologies, Software
Platform, and Apps, we see opportunities to grow our App-related revenue
streams by increasing MAPs and expanding ARPMAP within existing games and
through new game development, acquisitions and partnerships. See “—Key
Metrics” below for additional information on how we calculate MAPs and
ARPMAP.
                                                                            
  Key Metrics                                                               
                                                                            
We review the following key metrics on a regular basis in order to evaluate
the health of our business, identify trends affecting our performance,
prepare financial projections, and make strategic decisions. As a result of
our continued focus on our Software Platform, we plan to phase out several
metrics including Enterprise Clients, Revenue Per Enterprise

1 We measure Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2021 for our Enterprise Clients as current period revenue
divided by prior period revenue. Prior period revenue is measured as revenue
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 from our Enterprise Clients as
of December 31, 2020 . Current period revenue is revenue for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2021 from our Enterprise Clients as of December
31, 2021 , and excludes revenue from any new Enterprise Clients during the
twelve months ended December 31, 2021 .
2 We measure Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate for the three months ended
December 31, 2021 for our Software Platform Enterprise Clients (SPECs) as
current period revenue divided by prior period revenue. Prior period revenue
is measured as revenue for the three months ended December 31, 2020 from our
Software Platform Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2020 . Current
period revenue is revenue for the three months ended December 31, 2021 from
Software Platform Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2020 .
                                     54                                     
Table of Contents
Client and Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate for Enterprise Clients beginning
with the quarter ended March 31, 2022 in favor of similar software-focused
Key Metrics. See “Update to our Key Metrics” below for further details.

Our key metrics are not based on any standardized industry methodology and
are not necessarily calculated in the same manner or comparable to similarly
titled measures presented by other companies. Similarly, our key metrics may
differ from estimates published by third parties or from similarly titled
metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. The numbers
that we use to calculate TSTV, MAP, and ARPMAP are based on internal data.
While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable judgments
and estimates for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent
challenges in measuring usage and engagement. We regularly review and may
adjust our processes for calculating our internal metrics to improve their
accuracy.
                                                                            
  Annual Key Metrics                                                        
                                                                            
Enterprise Clients. We focus on the number of Enterprise Clients, which are
third-party business clients from whom we have collected greater than
$125,000 of revenue in the trailing 12 months to a given date. Enterprise
Clients generate the vast majority of our Business Revenue and Business
Revenue growth. We expect to increase the revenue from Enterprise Clients
over time.

Revenue Per Enterprise Client (RPEC). We define RPEC as (i) the total
revenue derived from our Enterprise Clients in a twelve-month period,
divided by (ii) Enterprise Clients as of the end of that same period. RPEC
shows how efficiently we are monetizing each Enterprise Client. We expect to
increase RPEC over time as we enhance our Software Platform and Apps.

The following table shows our Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2021,
2020 and 2019, and our RPEC for 2021, 2020 and 2019.
                                                                            
                                        Year Ended                          
                                      December 31,                          
                                              2021        2020        2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Enterprise Clients                           407         172         167  
  Revenue Per Enterprise Client                                             
  (in                              $         3,146    $  4,081    $  3,515  
  thousands)                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Quarterly Key Metrics                                                     
                                                                            
Software Platform Enterprise Clients (SPECs). We focus on the number of
SPECs, which are third-party business clients from whom we have collected
greater than $31,250 of Software Platform revenue in the three months to a
given date, equating to an annual run-rate of $125,000 in revenue. SPECs
generate the vast majority of our Business Revenue—Software Platform and
Business Revenue—Software Platform growth.

Revenue Per Software Platform Enterprise Client (Revenue per SPEC). We
define Revenue per SPEC as (i) the total revenue derived from our Software
Platform Enterprise Clients in a three- month period, divided by (ii)
Software Platform Enterprise Clients as of the end of that same period.
Revenue per SPEC shows how efficiently we are monetizing each SPEC. We
expect to increase Revenue per SPEC over time as we enhance our Software
Platform and Apps.

The following table shows our SPECs and Revenue per SPEC as of the three-
months ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
                                                                            
                                  Three Months Ended                        
                                        December 31,                        
                                                2021       2020       2019  
  SPEC                                           461        158        133  
  Revenue per SPEC (in         $                 503    $   500    $   338  
  thousands)                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Update to our Key Metrics                                                 
                                                                            
Beginning with the three months ended June 30, 2022, the revenue measurement
period used to determine the number of SPECs in a period will be updated to
include clients from whom we have collected greater than $125,000 in
Software Platform revenue over the trailing 12 months. The current
definition of SPEC includes third-party clients who had more than $31,250 in
Software Platform revenue for the prior three months. We believe this change
in revenue measurement period will provide additional information regarding
the scale and growth of our more-mature clients. Going forward, when Net
Dollar-Based Revenue Retention (NDBRR) measures are provided, we will also
calculate such measures using the updated definition of SPECs.
                                     55                                     
Table of Contents
The table below shows our SPEC and Revenue per SPEC as of December 31, 2021,
2020 and 2019 under the updated calculations.
                                                                            
                                        Year Ended                          
                                      December 31,                          
                                              2021        2020        2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  SPEC (trailing 12 months)                    380         142         146  
  Revenue per SPEC (trailing 12                                             
  months)                          $         1,634    $  1,404    $  1,300  
  (in thousands)                                                            
                                                                            
Total Software Transaction Value (TSTV). Business Software Platform revenue
is from third- party clients using our software platform to find new
customers. We do not recognize revenue from our own spend on our software
platform. Therefore, we use TSTV to measure the scale and growth rates of
our software platform, as it reflects the total value on our software
platform including our first-party studios as though they were stand-alone
businesses.

The following table shows our TSTV for the years ended December 31, 2021,
2020 and 2019.
                                                                            
                                    Year Ended                              
                                  December 31,                              
                                          2021          2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Total Software               $       982,248    $  295,698    $  281,079  
  Transaction Value                                                         
                                                                            
Monthly Active Payers (MAPs). We define a MAP as a unique mobile device
active on one of our Apps in a month that completed at least one IAP during
that time period. A consumer who makes IAPs within two separate Apps on the
same mobile device in a monthly period will be counted as two MAPs. MAPs for
a particular time period longer than one month are the average MAPs for each
month during that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating
certain data from third-party attribution partners. Some of our Apps do not
utilize such third-party attribution partners, and therefore our MAPs figure
for any period does not capture every user that completed an IAP on our
Apps. We estimate that our counted MAPs generated approximately 97% of our
Consumer Revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021, and as such,
management believes that MAPs are still a useful metric to measure the
engagement and monetization potential of our games. We expect to increase
our MAPs over time as we increase the number of our Apps and enhance the
engagement and monetization of our Apps.

Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer (ARPMAP). We define ARPMAP as (i)
the total Consumer Revenue derived from our Apps in a monthly period,
divided by (ii) MAPs in that same period. ARPMAP for a particular time
period longer than one month is the average ARPMAP for each month during
that period. ARPMAP shows how efficiently we are monetizing each MAP. We
expect to increase ARPMAP over time as we enhance the monetization of our
Apps.

The following table shows our Monthly Active Payers and Average Revenue Per
Monthly Active Payer for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.
                                                                            
                                          Year Ended                        
                                        December 31,                        
                                                2021       2020       2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Monthly Active Payers                          3.0        1.5        1.0  
  (millions)                                                                
  Average Revenue Per Monthly        $            43    $    41    $    32  
  Active Payer                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Non-GAAP Financial Metrics                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                
                                                                            
We define Adjusted EBITDA for a particular period as net income (loss)
before interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, other (income)
expense, net, provision for (benefit from) income taxes, amortization,
depreciation and write-offs and as further adjusted for stock-based
compensation expense, acquisition-related expense and transaction bonus,
customer acquisition bonuses, loss (gain) on extinguishments of acquisition
related continent consideration, non-operating foreign exchange losses,
lease modification and abandonment of leasehold improvements, and change in
the fair value of contingent consideration. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin
as Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue for the same period.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are key measures we use to assess
our financial performance and are also used for internal planning and
forecasting purposes. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
are helpful to investors, analysts, and other interested parties because
they can assist in providing a more consistent and comparable overview of
our operations across our historical financial periods. In addition, these
measures are frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested
parties to evaluate and assess performance. We use Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our
overall assessment of our performance,
                                     56                                     
Table of Contents
including the preparation of our annual operating budget and quarterly
forecasts, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, and to
communicate with our board of directors concerning our financial
performance.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures
and are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should
not be considered as alternatives or substitutes to financial information
presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures have certain limitations
in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are
reflected in our consolidated statement of operations that are necessary to
run our business. Our definitions may differ from the definitions used by
other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition,
other companies may not publish these or similar metrics. Furthermore, these
metrics have certain limitations in that they do not include the impact of
certain expenses that are reflected in our consolidated statement of
operations that are necessary to run our business. Thus, our Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA margin should be considered in addition to, not as
substitutes for, or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with
GAAP.

The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
for 2021, 2020 and 2019, and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to
Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                                        
                                2021              2020             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Net income       $          35,338       $  -125,934       $  119,040     
  (loss)                                                                    
  Adjusted as                                                               
  follows:                                                                  
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on                    103,170            77,873           73,955     
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other                                                                     
  (income)                    -7,545            -6,183           -5,818     
  expense, net3                                                             
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit                    10,973            -9,772            7,194     
  from) income                                                              
  taxes                                                                     
  Amortization,                                                             
  depreciation               431,063           254,951           92,806     
  and                                                                       
  write-offs                                                                
  Non-operating                                                             
  foreign                     -1,537             1,210                —     
  exchange                                                                  
  losses                                                                    
  Stock-based                135,469            62,387           10,222     
  compensation4                                                             
  Acquisition-…                                                             
  expense and                 16,887             7,850            3,798     
  transaction                                                               
  bonus                                                                     
  Customer                                                                  
  acquisition                  3,227                 —                —     
  bonuses5                                                                  
  Loss on                                                                   
  extinguishme…                                                             
  of                                                                        
  acquisition                      —            74,820                —     
  related                                                                   
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Lease                                                                     
  modification                                                              
  and                                                                       
  abandonment                      —             7,851                —     
  of                                                                        
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Change in the                                                             
  fair value of                 -230               442                —     
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Adjusted         $         726,815       $   345,495       $  301,197     
  EBITDA                                                                    
  Net income                     1.3  %           -8.7  %          12.0  %  
  (loss) margin                                                             
  Adjusted                      26.0  %           23.8  %          30.3  %  
  EBITDA margin                                                             
                                                                            
In 2021, 2020, and 2019, our net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA included
$1.8 million, $62.0 million, and $0.2 million related to the fair value
adjustment of the deferred revenue balance assumed as a result of the
acquisitions of Adjust in 2021, Machine Zone in 2020, and SafeDK in 2019.
                                                                            
  Factors Affecting Our Performance                                         
                                                                            
We believe that the future success of our business depends on many factors,
including the factors described below. While each of these factors presents
significant opportunities for our business, they also pose important
challenges that we must successfully address in order to continue to grow
profitably while maintaining strong cash flow.
                                                                            
  Continue to invest in innovation                                          
                                                                            
We have made, and intend to continue to make, significant investments in our
Core Technologies and Software Platform to enhance their effectiveness and
value proposition for our business clients. We expect that these investments
will require spending on research and development, and acquisitions and
partnerships related to technology components and products. We believe
investments in our software, including AXON, AppDiscovery, Adjust, and MAX,
will further improve their effectiveness for developers. Our investments
will also allow us to enter new mobile app sectors outside of

3 Excludes recurring operational foreign exchange gains and losses and
write-off of an investment that is included in Amortization, depreciation
and write-offs line item above

4 The twelve months ended December 31, 2021 includes $2.3 million of bonus
compensation settled in stock outside of the scope of ASC 718.

5 In association with the MoPub acquisition, we incurred certain costs to
incentivize publishers to migrate to our MAX mediation solution, including
existing publishers of MoPub as well as publishers on other competitor
offerings. We have not historically incurred significant publisher migration
costs, nor do we currently intend to incur significant publisher migration
costs in the future. As such, we have removed the impact of these costs from
Adjusted EBITDA.
                                     57                                     
Table of Contents
gaming. While our investments in research and development and acquisitions
and partnerships may not result in revenue in the near term, we believe
these investments position us to increase our revenue over time.
                                                                            
  Retain and grow existing business clients                                 
                                                                            
We rely on existing business clients for a significant portion of our
revenue. As we improve our Software Platform and Apps, we can attract
additional spend from these business clients. Our business clients include
indie studio developers and some of the largest mobile advertising platforms
in the world. We believe there is significant room for us to further expand
our relationships with these clients and increase their usage of our
Software Platform. We have invested in targeted sales and account- based
marketing efforts, including through Adjust’s sales and marketing teams, to
identify and showcase opportunities to business clients and plan to continue
to do so in the future.

In the past, our business clients have generally increased their usage of
our Software Platform and Apps, and as a result, growth from existing
business clients has been a primary driver of our revenue growth. We must
continue to retain our existing business clients and expand their spend with
us over time to continue to grow our revenue, increase profitability and
drive greater cash flow.
                                                                            
  Add new business clients globally                                         
                                                                            
Our future success depends in part on our ability to acquire new business
clients. We recently increased our focus on markets outside the United
States to serve the needs of business clients globally. In 2021, only 42% of
our revenue from business clients was generated from outside of the United
States. We believe that the global opportunity is significant and will
continue to expand as developers and advertisers outside the United States
adopt our Software Platform and advertise on our Apps. We also see
opportunities to acquire new business clients outside of mobile gaming, as
the capabilities of our Core Technologies and Software Platform are relevant
to the broader mobile app ecosystem. We are investing in direct sales,
product development, education, and other capabilities to drive increased
awareness and adoption of our Software Platform and Apps, which investments
may impact our profitability in the near term as we seek further scale. We
must continue to acquire new business clients to grow our revenue, increase
profitability, and drive greater cash flow.
Optimization, growth, and expansion of our AppLovin Apps
We plan to continue to invest in developing new Apps and enhancing existing
Apps. Because our Apps are typically free to download and use, economically
acquiring users and monetizing through advertising and IAPs is critical to
the future success of our Apps. We plan to launch several new Apps per year,
as well as continue to evaluate investments in mobile gaming and other
mobile app sectors.

Given our expertise in app marketing, we are able to pursue a highly-
optimized and scaled user acquisition investment playbook. For the twelve
months ended December 31, 2021, we invested $1.13 billion in sales and
marketing, a large percentage of which was invested in user acquisition to
grow the number of users engaging with our Apps. We believe the scale,
insights, and effective monetization strategies provided through our Core
Technologies and Software Platform, and our integrated business model allow
us to optimize ad spend across our portfolio of Apps. We also invest in the
growth of our Apps by improving in-game monetization, optimizing game
economies and in-game conversion, and opt-in business services, such as
creative services and localization. We must continue to optimize, grow, and
expand our Apps portfolio to grow our revenue, increase profitability, and
drive greater cash flow.
Continued execution of strategic acquisitions and partnerships
We intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions and add complementary
software and tools to our Software Platform and enter into strategic
partnerships to grow our portfolio of Apps. From the beginning of 2018
through December 31, 2021, we have invested over $2.5 billion in 27
strategic acquisitions and partnerships with mobile app developers and for
technologies to enhance our Software Platform. We have been very successful
in growing mobile apps that we have added to our Apps portfolio. We have
also invested strategically to enhance our Software Platform. For example,
in 2022 we acquired MoPub, a monetization platform for mobile apps from
Twitter, Inc. in 2021 we acquired Adjust GmbH, a leading app attribution,
measurement, and analytics company and in 2018 we acquired MAX, an in-app
bidding platform, which improves monetization on apps. On February 23, 2022,
we also entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Wurl, a high-growth
software platform in the Connected TV (CTV) market.

While we have a strong pipeline of strategic acquisition and partnership
opportunities, we believe our future results of operations will be affected
by our ability to continue to identify and execute such transactions that
are accretive to our growth and profitability.
                                                                            
  Growth and structure of the mobile app ecosystem                          
                                                                            
Our business and results of operations will be impacted by industry factors
that drive overall performance of the mobile app ecosystem. The mobile app
ecosystem has grown rapidly in recent years. We expect that any
acceleration, or slowing, of this growth would affect our business and
results of operations. In addition, even if the mobile app ecosystem
                                     58                                     
Table of Contents
continues to grow at its current rate, our ability to position ourselves
within the market will impact our business and results of operations.

Mobile app developers, including AppLovin, rely on third-party platforms,
such as the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, among others, to
distribute games, collect payments made for IAPs, and target users with
relevant advertising. We expect this to continue for the foreseeable future.
These third-party platforms have significant market power and discretion to
set platform fees, select which apps to promote, and decide how much
consumer information to provide to advertising networks that enable our Core
Technologies and Software Platform to target users with personalized and
relevant advertising and allocate marketing campaigns in an efficient and
cost-effective manner. Any changes made in the policies of third-party
platforms could drive rapid change across the mobile app ecosystem. For
example, in April 2021, Apple started implementing its application tracking
transparency framework that, among other things, requires users' opt-in
consent for certain types of tracking. While this transparency framework has
not had a significant impact on our overall business, it may in the future
continue to have an impact on it, including the effectiveness of our
advertising practices and/or our ability to efficiently generate revenue for
our Apps. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with data that helps our
Software Platform better market and monetize Apps. The IDFA and transparency
changes may require us to engage in significant changes to our data
collection practices, which may require our expenditure of substantial costs
and resources, and to the extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar
offering, or if the transparency changes and any related opt-in or other
requirements result in decreases in the availability or utility of data
relating to Apps, our Software Platform may not be as effective, we may not
be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and our
revenue and results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, Apple
implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy and
data processing practices in December 2020, which has resulted in increased
compliance requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps.
These or any similar changes to the policies of Apple or Google may
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. To date, these data privacy changes have had a
relatively muted aggregate impact on our overall results of operations

New tools for developers, industry standards, and platforms may emerge in
the future. We believe our focus on the mobile app ecosystem has allowed us
to understand the needs of our business clients and our relentless
innovation has enabled us to quickly adapt to changes in the industry and
pioneer new solutions. We must continue to innovate and stay ahead of
developments in the mobile app ecosystem in order for our business to
succeed and our results of operations to continue to improve.
                                                                            
  Acquisition of MoPub                                                      
                                                                            
On October 6, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire from
Twitter, Inc. the MoPub business for approximately $1.0 billion and the
acquisition closed in January 2022. We plan to integrate MoPub’s reach and
product features into our existing Software Platform to better maximize
revenue growth and improve efficiencies for our combined customers. We
expect to see strong growth in our unified MAX solution and to facilitate
successful migration to our MAX platform, we expect to pay approximately
$200 million in migration fees to publishers.
                                                                            
  Definitive Agreement to Acquire Wurl                                      
                                                                            
On February 23, 2022 we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Wurl,
Inc., a software platform company in the Connected TV (CTV) market, for
approximately $430 million in cash and Class A common stock. Concurrent with
entering into the definitive agreement, we also adopted a multi-year
performance-based incentive plan for certain key employees of Wurl, under
which such employees may earn up to a total of $600.0 million in additional
shares of the Company's Class A common stock through 2025, subject to the
achievement of certain revenue and other performance targets by the acquired
business. Such plan will become effective at the closing of the transaction.
The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and expected to
close in the first half of 2022. We believe our software marketing expertise
will further optimize the experience for our advertisers and consumers while
enabling content companies to expand their audiences and increase
monetization.
                                                                            
  Term Loans and Amendment to Credit Agreement                              
                                                                            
On October 25, 2021, we entered into Amendment No. 6 (Amendment No. 6), to
that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2018, by and among us,
as borrower, Bank of America,N.A., as administrative agent and collateral
agent, and the other parties thereto, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the
Credit Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2019, Amendment No. 2 to the Credit
Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2020, Amendment No. 3 to the Credit
Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2020, Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement,
dated as of October 27, 2020 and Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement,
dated as of February 12, 2021 (the Credit Agreement; and as amended by
Amendment No. 6, the Amended Credit Agreement).

Pursuant to Amendment No. 6 and the Amended Credit Agreement, certain
additional lenders agreed to provide incremental loans in an aggregate
amount of $1.50 billion (such incremental loans, the Amendment No. 6 New
Term Loans). The Amendment No. 6 New Term Loans have (a) a maturity date of
October 25, 2028 (or if not a business day, the immediately preceding
business day), (b) a floor on LIBOR Loans of 50 basis points, and (c) an
applicable margin for LIBOR Loans equal to 3.00% (or 2.00% for ABR Loans),
in each case, subject to and in accordance with the terms and
                                     59                                     
Table of Contents
conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement. Except as set forth in Amendment
No. 6 and the Amended Credit Agreement, the other terms and conditions of
the Amendment No. 6 New Term Loans are consistent with the term loans
outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 6.
                                                                            
  Impact of COVID-19                                                        
                                                                            
The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social distancing and shelter-in-place
orders put in place around the world have caused widespread disruption in
global economies, productivity, and financial markets and have altered the
way in which we conduct our day-to-day business. As a result of the COVID-19
pandemic we have temporarily closed our offices around the world, including
our corporate headquarters in Palo Alto, California, and implemented travel
restrictions. Our Software Platform and Apps do not require physical
interaction, thus, our ability to meet the needs of our clients and users
has not been materially affected. The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the global economy and the extent to which the pandemic may impact our
business, financial condition, and results of operations in the future
remains uncertain. See the section titled “Risk Factors—The COVID-19
pandemic and responses thereto across the globe have altered how individuals
interact with each other and affected how we and our business partners are
operating, and the extent to which this situation will impact our future
results of operations remains uncertain” for additional information.
                                                                            
  Components of Results of Operations                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
We collect Business Revenue from advertisers spending on our Software
Platform and Apps. The majority of our Business Revenue comes from our
Software Platform and is generated from our advertisers, typically on a
performance-based , then shared with our advertising publishers, typically
on a cost per impression model. Business Revenue generated from our Apps
comes from advertisers that purchase ad inventory from our diverse portfolio
of Apps. Business Revenue from our Software Platform was 51%, 29%, and 33%
of total Business Revenue in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

We generate Consumer Revenue from IAPs made by users within our Apps.
                                                                            
  Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses                                    
                                                                            
Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees for distribution partners, amortization of acquired
technology-related intangible assets, and expenses associated with operating
our network infrastructure. Third-party payment processing fees relate to
Consumer Revenue. The fees for IAPs are processed and collected by third-
party distribution partners.

Network operating costs include bandwidth, energy, other equipment costs
related to our co-located data centers, and costs for third-party cloud
service providers. We expect our cost of revenue to increase in absolute
dollars over the long term as our business and revenue continue to grow. We
also expect our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate
period-over-period.

Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses, personnel-related expenses
for salaries, employee benefits, and stock- based compensation for employees
engaged in sales and marketing, and amortization of acquired user-related
intangible assets, marketing programs, travel, customer service costs, and
allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to grow our customer
base and increase brand awareness. As a result, we expect sales and
marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our sales
and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period- over-
period in the near term as we invest to grow our customer base and increase
brand awareness, and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from
greater scale.

Research and development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of product development costs, including personnel-related expenses
for salaries, employee benefits, and stock- based compensation for employees
engaged in research and development, professional services costs related to
development of new apps by third parties, consulting costs, regulatory
compliance costs, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in research and development to continue to
enhance our Core Technologies and Software Platform, and to improve existing
games and develop new apps. As a result, we expect research and development
expenses to increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our research and
development expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-
period in the near term as we invest to enhance our Core Technologies and
Software Platform and improve our existing Apps and develop new Apps, and to
decrease over the long term as we benefit from greater scale.

General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of costs incurred to support our business, including personnel-
related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in finance, accounting, legal, human
resources and administration, professional services fees for
                                     60                                     
Table of Contents
legal, accounting, recruiting, and administrative services (including
acquisition-related expenses), insurance, travel, and allocated facilities
and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in our general and administrative function to
support the growth of our business. In addition, we expect to incur
additional general and administrative expenses as a result of operating as a
public company, including expenses related to compliance and reporting
obligations of a public company, increased insurance and investor relations
expenses, and increased professional services fees (including acquisition-
related expenses). As a result, we expect general and administrative
expenses to increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our general and
administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-
period in the near term as we invest to support the growth of our business,
and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from greater scale.

Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt. Interest expense and loss
on settlement of debt consists primarily of loss related to debt
extinguishment, interest expense associated with our outstanding debt,
including accretion of debt discount, and changes in fair value of interest
rate swap accounted for as a cash flow hedge related to the stream of
variable interest payments associated with a portion of our outstanding
debt.

Other income (expense), net. Other income (expense), net, includes interest
earned on our cash and cash equivalents, gains and losses related to
embedded derivatives and other financial instruments accounted for at fair
value, and foreign currency exchange gains (losses), which consist primarily
of remeasurement of transactions and monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency at the end of
the period.

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. We are subject to income taxes in
the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. These
foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates than those in the
United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign earnings may also be
taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary
depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, impacts
from acquisition restructuring, deduction benefits related to foreign-
derived intangible income, future changes in the valuation of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws. Additionally, our
effective tax rate can vary based on the amount of pre-tax income or loss.
                                                                            
  Results of Operations                                                     
                                                                            
The following tables summarize our consolidated statement of operations in
dollar amounts. The period to period comparisons of results is not
necessarily indicative of results for future periods.
                                                                            
                                 Years Ended                                
                                December 31,                                
                                        2021                                
                              (in thousands)            2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue              $           2,793,104    $  1,451,086    $  994,104  
  Costs and                                                                 
  expenses                                                                  
  Cost of                            988,095         555,578       241,274  
  revenue(1)(2)                                                             
  Sales and                        1,129,892         627,796       481,781  
  marketing(1)(2)                                                           
  Research and                       366,402         180,652        44,966  
  development(1)                                                            
  General and                        158,699          66,431        31,712  
  administrative(1)                                                         
  Extinguishments                                                           
  of                                                                        
  acquisition-rela…                        —          74,820             —  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Lease                                                                     
  modification and                                                          
  abandonment of                           —           7,851             —  
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Total costs and                  2,643,088       1,513,128       799,733  
  expenses                                                                  
  Income (loss)                      150,016         -62,042       194,371  
  from operations                                                           
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest expense                                                          
  and loss on                       -103,170         -77,873       -73,955  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income                          -535           4,209         5,818  
  (expense), net                                                            
  Total other                       -103,705         -73,664       -68,137  
  expense                                                                   
  Income (loss)                                                             
  before income                       46,311        -135,706       126,234  
  taxes                                                                     
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit from)                      10,973          -9,772         7,194  
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income (loss)    $              35,338    $   -125,934    $  119,040  
                                                                            
                                     61                                     
Table of Contents
_______
(1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
                                                                            
                            Years Ended December                            
                                             31,                            
                                            2021                            
                                  (in thousands)         2020         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue        $                 2,335    $     982    $     124  
  Sales and marketing                     15,224       10,668        1,922  
  Research and                            63,344       36,852        5,009  
  development                                                               
  General and                             52,274       13,885        3,167  
  administrative                                                            
  Total stock-based      $               133,177    $  62,387    $  10,222  
  compensation                                                              
                                                                            
_______
(2) Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as
follows:
                                                                            
                                    Years Ended                             
                                   December 31,                             
                                           2021                             
                                 (in thousands)          2020         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue        $              373,726    $  228,339    $  74,787  
  Sales and marketing                    22,661        11,587        7,641  
  Total amortization                                                        
  expense related to     $              396,387    $  239,926    $  82,428  
  acquired                                                                  
  intangibles                                                               
                                                                            
The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements
of operations for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue
(1) :
                                                                            
                             Years Ended December                           
                                              31,                           
                                             2021       2020       2019     
                                    -in thousands                           
  Revenue                                     100  %     100  %     100  %  
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                              35  %      38  %      24  %  
  Sales and marketing                          40  %      43  %      48  %  
  Research and                                 13  %      12  %       5  %  
  development                                                               
  General and                                   6  %       5  %       3  %  
  administrative                                                            
  Extinguishments of                                                        
  acquisition-related                           —  %       5  %       —  %  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Lease modification                                                        
  and abandonment of                            —  %       1  %       —  %  
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Total costs and                              95  %     104  %      80  %  
  expenses                                                                  
  Income (loss) from                            5  %      -4  %      20  %  
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest expense and                                                      
  loss on settlement                           -4  %      -5  %      -7  %  
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income                                  0  %       —  %       1  %  
  (expense), net                                                            
  Total other expense                          -4  %      -5  %      -7  %  
  Income (loss) before                          2  %      -9  %      13  %  
  income taxes                                                              
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit from) income                         —  %      -1  %       1  %  
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income (loss)                             1  %      -9  %      12  %  
                                                                            
_______
(1) Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.
                                     62                                     
Table of Contents
Comparison of Our Results of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended December
31, 2021, 2020 and 2019
                                                                            
  Revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
               Years                                               2019     
               Ended                               2020 to           to     
              Decem…                                  2021         2020     
                 31,                                     %            %     
                2021          2020         2019     change       change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                 -in                                                        
              thous…                                                        
              except                                                        
              perce…                                                        
  Busi…                                                                     
  Reve…                                                                     
  –        $  673,9…    $  207,285    $  198,3…        225  %         5  %  
  Soft…                                                                     
  Plat…                                                                     
  Busi…                                                                     
  Reve…       660,5…       503,867       397,6…         31  %        27  %  
  –                                                                         
  Apps                                                                      
  Total                                                                     
  Busi…       1,334…       711,152       595,9…         88  %        19  %  
  Reve…                                                                     
  Cons…       1,458…       739,934       398,1…         97  %        86  %  
  Reve…                                                                     
  Total    $  2,793…    $  1,451,…    $  994,1…         92  %        46  %  
  Reve…                                                                     
                                                                            
Total revenue increased by $1,342.0 million, or 92%, for 2021 compared to
2020 due to increases in Business Revenue from our Software Platform of
225%, Business Revenue from our Apps of 31% and Consumer Revenue of 97%.

In 2021, our Business Revenue increased by $623.4 million from 2020. In
2021, our Business Revenue from our Software Platform increased by $466.7
million from 2020 primarily due to AppDiscovery where installations
increased 62% and price per installation increased 81% compared to 2020, as
well as our addition of Adjust during the year which contributed 17% of the
Business Revenue from Software Platform increase. Our Business Revenue from
Apps grew due to a 44% increase in the volume of advertising impressions and
a 9% decrease in price per advertising impression, each compared to 2020.
Usage of advertising inventory by our Owned Studios and Partner Studios
represented 21% of installations in 2021. We do not recognize Business
Revenue from transactions with our Owned Studios and Partner Studios.

In 2021, our Consumer Revenue increased by $718.7 million from 2020,
primarily due to a 88% increase in the volume of in-app purchases, as well
as a 5% increase in price per in-app purchase.
                                                                            
  Cost of revenue                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2020       2019     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2021       2020     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2021           2020           2019       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Cost                                                                      
  of      $  988,…       $  555,…       $  241,…          78  %     130  %  
  rev…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of            35  %          38  %          24  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
Cost of revenue in 2021 increased by $432.5 million, or 78%, compared to
2020. The increase in 2021 was primarily due to an increase of $199.8
million in third-party payment processing fees as a result of the growth in
Consumer Revenue, an increase of $153.9 million in depreciation and
amortization of technology-related intangible assets driven by an increase
in acquisition activity, and an increase in expenses associated with
operating our network infrastructure driven by the growth in our operations
of $49.7 million.
                                                                            
  Sales and marketing                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2020       2019     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2021       2020     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2021           2020           2019       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Sal…                                                                      
  and     $  1,12…       $  627,…       $  481,…          80  %      30  %  
  mar…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of            40  %          43  %          48  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
Sales and marketing expenses in 2021 increased by $502.1 million, or 80%,
compared to 2020 primarily due to a $432.8 million increase in user
acquisition costs, a $23.2 million increase in personnel-related expenses
primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation as a result of
higher fair value in our common stock and increase in headcount, and a $28.0
million increase in professional service fees.
                                     63                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  Research and development                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                     2020        2019     
             Ended                                       to          to     
             Dece…                                     2021        2020     
               31,                                        %           %     
              2021           2020           2019       cha…       chan…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Res…                                                                      
  and     $  366,…       $  180,…       $  44,9…        103  %      302  %  
  dev…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of            13  %          12  %           5  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
Research and development expenses in 2021 increased by $185.8 million, or
103%, compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase of
$109.9 million in professional services costs related to development of new
games by third parties and an increase of $66.1 million in personnel-related
expenses related to an increase in stock-based compensation as a result of
higher fair value in our common stock and an increase in headcount.
                                                                            
  General and administrative                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                     2020        2019     
             Ended                                       to          to     
             Dece…                                     2021        2020     
               31,                                        %           %     
              2021           2020           2019       cha…       chan…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Gen…                                                                      
  and     $  158,…       $  66,4…       $  31,7…        139  %      109  %  
  adm…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of             6  %           5  %           3  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
General and administrative expenses in 2021 increased by $92.3 million, or
139% compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase of
$65.4 million in personnel-related expenses related to an increase in stock-
based compensation expense as a result of higher fair value in our common
stock and an increase in headcount to support our growth and an increase of
$12.4 million in professional services costs primarily associated with
audit, tax, and legal support.
                                                                            
  Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2020       2019     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2021       2020     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2021           2020           2019       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Int…                                                                      
  exp…                                                                      
  and                                                                       
  loss    $  -103…       $  -77,…       $  -73,…          32  %       5  %  
  on                                                                        
  set…                                                                      
  of                                                                        
  debt                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of            -4  %          -5  %          -7  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
In 2021, interest expense and loss on settlement of debt increased by $25.3
million, or 32%, compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to a loss
on the settlement of term loans of $16.9 million during the period.
                                                                            
  Other income (expense), net                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2020       2019     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2021       2020     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2021           2020           2019       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Oth…                                                                      
  inc…    $   -535       $  4,209       $  5,818        -113  %     -28  %  
  (ex…                                                                      
  net                                                                       
  Per…                                                                      
  of             —  %           —  %           1  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
In 2021, other income (expense), net decreased by $4.7 million, or 113%
compared to 2020. The decrease was primarily due to the write-off of an
investment in non marketable securities of $10.0 million, third-party cost
incurred for the amendment of term loans of $3.7 million, and a fair value
remeasurement loss of $2.0 million, which were partially offset by an
unrealized gain of $4.7 million related to marketable equity securities,
$3.9 million in net foreign exchange gains, and a fair value remeasurement
gain related to term loan embedded derivative of $2.0 million.
                                     64                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  Provision for (benefit from) Income Taxes                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
             Years                                      2020       2019     
             Ended                                        to         to     
             Dece…                                      2021       2020     
               31,                                         %          %     
              2021           2020           2019       chan…       cha…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
             perc…                                                          
  Pro…                                                                      
  for                                                                       
  (be…    $  10,9…       $  -9,7…       $  7,194        -212  %    -236  %  
  fro…                                                                      
  inc…                                                                      
  tax…                                                                      
  Per…                                                                      
  of             —  %          -1  %           1  %                         
  rev…                                                                      
                                                                            
In 2021, provision for (benefit from) income taxes increased by $20.7
million, or 212% compared to 2020. The increase was driven by an increase of
$38.0 million due to higher pre-tax income in 2021, an increase of $15.9
million due to higher valuation allowance, an increase of $6.0 million due
to change in foreign deferred tax rate in 2020, a decrease of $2.6 million
due to foreign loss inclusion, a decrease of $19.2 million due to excess tax
benefit for stock-based compensation, a decrease of $6.9 million due to
higher foreign-derived intangible income deduction, and a decrease of $12.2
million due to a disallowed deduction for extinguishments of acquisition-
related contingent considerations in 2020.
                                                                            
  Liquidity and Capital Resources                                           
                                                                            
Since inception, we financed our operations primarily through payments
received from business clients using our Software Platform and advertising
on our Apps, and from user IAPs from our Apps, and through net proceeds we
received from the sales of our convertible preferred stock and of our Class
A common stock in our initial public offering and debt borrowings, including
borrowings made under our credit agreement. As of December 31, 2021, we had
cash and cash equivalents of $1,520.5 million.

In February 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase
program to repurchase $750.0 million of our Class A common stock over time.
The program is effective immediately. We will continuously evaluate
efficient alternatives to using cash on hand to fund the program, including
accessing the capital markets, subject to market conditions.

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from
operations, and ability to access capital markets would be sufficient to
satisfy our anticipated working capital and capital expenditure needs,
including authorized share repurchases, for at least the next 12 months and
beyond. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on many
factors, including our growth rate; expansion of sales and marketing
activities; timing and extent of spending to support our research and
development efforts; capital expenditures to purchase hardware and software;
and our continued need to invest in our IT infrastructure to support our
growth. In addition, we may enter into additional strategic partnerships as
well as agreements to acquire or invest in teams and technologies, including
intellectual property rights, which could increase our cash requirements.
For example, in 2021, we completed a number of asset and business
acquisitions, which reduced our year-end 2021 cash balance by $1,206.5
million. As a result of these and other factors, we may be required to seek
additional equity or debt financing sooner than we currently anticipate. If
additional financing from outside sources is required, we may not be able to
raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In particular, the recent
COVID-19 pandemic has caused a disruption in the global financial markets,
which may reduce our ability to access capital and negatively affect our
liquidity in the future. If we are unable to raise additional capital when
required, or if we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on
our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
                                                                            
                                 Years Ended                                
                                December 31,                                
                                        2021                                
                              (in thousands)           2020           2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net cash provided                                                         
  by operating         $             361,851    $   222,883    $   198,462  
  activities                                                                
  Net cash used in                                                          
  investing            $          -1,214,930    $  -679,891    $  -411,554  
  activities                                                                
  Net cash provided                                                         
  by financing         $           3,109,546    $   377,855    $   333,160  
  activities                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Operating Activities                                                      
                                                                            
Net cash provided by operating activities was $361.9 million for 2021,
primarily consisting of $35.3 million of net income, adjusted for certain
non-cash items, which included $431.1 million of amortization, depreciation
and write-offs, $133.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, $26.3
million of change in operating right of use asset, $18.2 million of loss on
settlement of debt, $8.8 million of net unrealized gains on fair value
remeasurement of financial instruments, and $12.8 million of amortization of
debt issuance costs and discount, partially offset by a net increase in the
operating assets and liabilities of $284.3 million. The net increase in the
operating assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in
accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets and decrease
in operating lease liabilities partially offset by higher accounts payable
and accrued and other liabilities.
                                     65                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  Investing Activities                                                      
                                                                            
Net cash used in investing activities was $1,214.9 million for 2021,
primarily consisting of $1,206.5 million related to acquisitions, $15.0
million in purchases of non-marketable investments and other and $12.0
million in proceeds from other investing activity.
                                                                            
  Financing Activities                                                      
                                                                            
Net cash provided by financing activities was $3,109.5 million for 2021,
primarily consisting of $1,745.2 million of proceeds from issuance of common
stock in our initial public offering, net of issuance costs as adjusted for
cost reimbursement, $2,329.1 million of proceeds from debt issuance and
$31.2 million proceeds from exercise of stock awards partially offset by
payments for the principal repayment of debt of $719.8 million, deferred
acquisition costs of $234.1 million and finance leases of $15.3 million.
                                                                            
  Credit Agreement                                                          
                                                                            
On August 15, 2018, we entered into a credit agreement with the lenders
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the
lenders (the credit agreement), which provided for $820.0 million of senior
secured term loans and a $50.0 million senior secured revolving loan
facility. The credit agreement was amended on April 23, 2019 to increase the
senior secured term loan facility by $400.0 million to an aggregate
principal amount of $1.22 billion. The credit agreement was further amended
on April 27, 2020 to modify certain negative covenants contained therein.
The credit agreement was further amended on May 6, 2020 to increase the
senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to an aggregate
principal amount of $1.52 billion. The credit agreement was further amended
on October 27, 2020 to add an additional $541.7 million in aggregate
principal amount of revolving commitments and reduce the existing
commitments by $1.7 million, increasing the total revolving commitments to
$590.0 million, reduce the interest rate on the revolving loans, and extend
the maturity date of the revolving loans.

The credit agreement was further amended on February 12, 2021 to increase
the senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to an aggregate
principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an additional $10.0 million in
aggregate principal amount of revolving commitments, increasing the total
revolving commitments to $600.0 million and to reduce the interest rate on
the incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest
rate as all other term loans. On March 31, 2021, we borrowed an additional
$250.0 million under our revolving credit facility and in connection with
our initial public offering we repaid the entire amount outstanding under
this facility. On October 25, 2021, we amended the credit agreement whereby
certain additional lenders agreed to provide incremental loans in an
aggregate amount of $1.50 billion.

As of December 31, 2021, our total outstanding indebtedness under the credit
agreement was consisting of $3,272 million of outstanding term loans.
                                     66                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  Contractual                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Obligations                                                               
                                                                            
The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of December
31, 2021:
                                                                            
              Payme…                                                        
              Due by                                                        
              Period                                                  More  
               Total          Less                                    than  
                 (in          than          1-3           3-5            5  
              thous…        1 Year        Years         Years        years  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long…    $  3,272…    $   25,810    $  66,619    $  1,751,…    $  1,428…  
  debt6                                                                     
  Defe…                                                                     
  acqu…       88,079        88,079            —             —            —  
  cost…                                                                     
  Oper…                                                                     
  lease       91,804        21,683       28,798        25,958       15,365  
  comm…                                                                     
  Fina…                                                                     
  lease       48,821        23,561       21,400         3,860            —  
  comm…                                                                     
  Lice…                                                                     
  asset       26,061        17,374        8,687             —            —  
  obli…                                                                     
  Lice…        3,605         2,605        1,000             —            —  
  comm…                                                                     
  Non-…                                                                     
  purc…       262,4…        15,465       127,6…       119,364            —  
  obli…                                                                     
  Total    $  3,793…    $  194,577    $  254,1…    $  1,900,…    $  1,444…  
                                                                            
Several of the definitive agreements governing our acquisitions of our Owned
Studios and arrangements with Partner Studios provide for payment contingent
upon future performance metrics. The table above does not include any
amounts related to these obligations. These contingent consideration
arrangements include payouts based on a percentage of revenue or
profitability metrics, payouts of fixed amounts based on the achievement of
certain operating targets, and revenue share arrangements for specific apps,
and some of these arrangements do not have a maximum limit of contingent
consideration achievable. Because these contingent consideration
arrangements are based on the success of relevant Apps and are not
guaranteed, we do not expect our results of operations would be materially
and adversely effected by the payment of amounts under any such arrangement.
The table below presents a summary of the significant contingent
consideration arrangements:
                                                                            
  Relevant Transaction                  Contingent Consideration Summary    
                                        Future one-time earn-out payments,  
                                        based on a service agreement, of    
                                        either $60.0 million or $30.0       
                                        million per game depending on the   
                                        nature of the new game App          
                                        developed, subject to the           
                                        achievement of a certain monthly    
                                        revenue milestone in the initial    
                                        thirty-six months following the     
                                        launch of a new game App. The term  
                                        of the service agreement is         
                                        initially three years, after which  
  Recoded asset acquisition (January    time the agreement is terminable    
  2019)                                 by either party upon thirty days’   
                                        written notice. We are also         
                                        required to make future one-time    
                                        earn-out payments, based on a       
                                        development agreement during the    
                                        term of six years, of $10.0         
                                        million to each of two additional   
                                        new game Apps developed, subject    
                                        to the achievement of the same      
                                        monthly revenue milestone in the    
                                        initial thirty-six months           
                                        following the launch of such game   
                                        Apps.                               
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on the        
                                        greater of (i) a predetermined      
                                        percentage of revenue or (ii) a     
                                        predetermined percentage of         
                                        earnings before interest, taxes,    
                                        depreciation and amortization       
  Samfinaco Games asset acquisition     generated by the acquired game      
  (August 2019)                         Apps over each such year. We are    
                                        also required to make future        
                                        earn-out payments based on          
                                        performance metrics of the newly    
                                        developed game Apps which are       
                                        similar to the performance metrics  
                                        of the initially acquired mobile    
                                        game Apps during the four years     
                                        from the date of the transaction.   
                                                                            
6 C onsists of borrowings under our credit agreement. The table above does
not include interest payments which vary based on changes in the interest
rate index. See the section titled “Description of Certain Indebtedness” and
Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our long-
term debt obligations.

7 Deferred acquisition costs represent part of the consideration related to
games acquired in asset acquisition transactions.

8 Consists of non-cancellable commitments for real estate leases and lease
of networking equipment colocation space. See Note 8 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for additional information.

9 Consists of payments related to finance leases of networking equipment.
One of the leases is under month-to-month lease arrangement with renewal
options. The amounts include payments attributable to optional renewal
periods if it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. See
Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

10 Represents an obligation related to intellectual property that the
Company licenses from a third party.

11 Licensor commitments include minimum guarantee royalty payments due to
licensors for use of their mobile game products.

12 The contractual commitment obligations in the table above are associated
with agreements that are enforceable and legally binding.
                                     67                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                               Future earn-out payments based on a          
                               predetermined percentage of revenue net of   
                               certain direct costs generated by the        
  Asset acquisition            initially acquired game App, or additional   
  (March 2020)                 game Apps developed under a service and      
                               development agreement, over the term of the  
                               agreement, which is initially two years,     
                               but which may renew for an additional        
                               two-year term.                               
                               Future earn-out payments for each of the     
                               four years from the date of the transaction  
                               are based on (i)(a) the revenue generated    
                               by the initially acquired game App and any   
  Asset acquisition            additional game Apps developed under a       
  (April 2020)                 service and development agreement over the   
                               term of four years in excess of (b) a        
                               baseline revenue threshold, multiplied by    
                               (ii) tiered revenue multiples, up to a       
                               cumulative amount of $45.0 million.          
                               Future earn-out payments for each of the     
                               four years from the date of the transaction  
                               based on the excess, if any, of revenue      
                               generated by the initially acquired game     
                               App for such year above the sum of (i) an    
  Zenlife asset acquisition    annual fixed baseline revenue and (ii) the   
  (June 2020)                  aggregate earn-out payments made in prior    
                               years. We are also required to make future   
                               earn-out payments for newly developed game   
                               Apps determined under the similar approach   
                               as for the initially acquired mobile game    
                               Apps.                                        
                               Future earn-out payments for each of the     
                               four years from the date of the transaction  
  Athena acquisition           based on (i)(a) the revenue generated by     
  (November 2020)              the initially acquired game Apps in each     
                               such year in excess of (b) a certain         
                               revenue threshold, multiplied by (ii) a      
                               predetermined revenue multiple.              
                               Future earn-out payments are contingent on   
                               the revenue generated by the                 
  Asset acquisition            acquired mobile Apps exceeding a certain     
  (April 2021)                 revenue threshold, which will be measured    
                               and payable (if applicable) each year for    
                               four years from the date of the              
                               transaction.                                 
                               Future earn-out payments are contingent on   
                               the revenue generated by the                 
                               acquired mobile Apps exceeding a certain     
                               revenue threshold, which will be measured    
                               and payable (if applicable) each year for    
  Asset acquisition            four years from the date of the              
  (April 2021)                 transaction, in addition to a potential      
                               one-time earn-out payment of $50.0 million   
                               contingent on the achievement of a certain   
                               monthly revenue milestone within the four    
                               years following the date of the              
                               transaction.                                 
                               Future earn-out payments are contingent on   
                               the revenue and/or earnings before           
  Asset acquisition            interest, taxes, depreciation and            
  (June 2021)                  amortization ("EBITDA") generated by the     
                               acquired mobile Apps exceeding certain       
                               thresholds.                                  
                                                                            
For acquisitions of Owned Studios that are accounted for as business
combinations, contingent consideration is initially recognized at fair
value. For our other transactions, we generally recognize contingent
consideration only on the date when the related performance metrics are
achieved. See Notes 2 and 6 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional
information.

As of December 31, 2021, we had recorded liabilities of $18.7 million
related to uncertain tax positions. Due to uncertainties in the timing of
potential tax audits, the timing of the resolution of these positions is
uncertain and we are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the timing of
payments in individual years particularly beyond 12 months. As a result,
this amount is not included in the table above.

In April 2020, we entered into a share purchase agreement with Redemption
Games, Inc. (Redemption Games). We purchased a majority of the outstanding
common stock of Redemption Games and entered into agreements with the equity
holders of Redemption Games that, among other things, provide for call/put
rights whereby such holders can elect to require us to purchase all or a
portion of their vested securities on a specified date in February of each
year from 2022 to 2025 and we can require such holders to sell to us all of
their remaining securities on or after February 19, 2025, each for a
purchase price per share of the then current fair market value per share of
common stock of Redemption Games. Based on the fair market value of the
common stock of Redemption Games at December 31, 2021, the purchase price
for an exercise in full of such call options would have been $6.6 million.
                                     68                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  Critical Accounting Policies                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  and                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Estimates                                                                 
                                                                            
We believe that the following accounting policies involve a high degree of
judgment and complexity and are critical to understanding and evaluating our
consolidated financial condition and results of our operations. An
accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires judgment on a
significant accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about
matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if
different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the
accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could
materially impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and
expenses, and related disclosures in our audited consolidated financial
statements. We have based our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Although we believe that the estimates we use
are reasonable, due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making those
estimates, actual results reported in future periods could differ from those
estimates.

We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more
significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of
our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for additional information.
                                                                            
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers                                     
                                                                            
We generate revenue from two types of customers—Business and Consumer.
Business Revenue includes fees paid by mobile app advertisers that use our
Software Platform, and revenue generated from the sale of digital
advertising inventory of our Apps. Consumer Revenue consists of IAPs made by
users within our Apps.
                                                                            
  Business Revenue                                                          
                                                                            
Our Software Platform provides the technology to match advertisers and
third-party owners of digital advertising inventory via auctions at large
scale and microsecond-level speeds. The pricing and terms for all mobile
advertising arrangements are governed by our terms and conditions and
generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days subsequent to the end of the
month. The contract is fully cancellable at any time.

For Business Revenue generated through the placement of advertisements on
mobile game apps owned by publishers, our performance obligation is to
provide an advertiser with access to our Software Platform which facilitates
the advertiser’s purchase of advertising inventory from publishers. We do
not control the advertising inventory prior to its transfer to the
advertiser, our customer, because we do not have the substantive ability to
direct the use of, nor obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits
from, the advertising inventory. We are not primarily responsible for
fulfillment and do not have any inventory risk. We are an agent as it
relates to the sale of third-party advertising inventory and present revenue
on a net basis. The transaction price is the product of either the number of
completions of agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed and the
contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser
less consideration paid or payable to publishers.

Advertisers also purchase the advertising inventory of our Apps either
through our Software Platform or through third-party advertising networks.
Revenue from the sale of advertising inventory through third-party
advertising networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by third-
party advertising networks as we are unable to determine the gross amount
paid by the advertisers to the third-party advertising networks.

We recognize mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon action is
completed or when the ad is displayed to users, depending on the agreed upon
pricing mechanism with an advertiser or third- party advertising network.
The number of advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon
actions is determined at the end of each month, which resolves any
uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting period.
                                                                            
  Consumer Revenue                                                          
                                                                            
IAPs include fees collected from users for the purchase of virtual goods to
enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is
to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items
over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the
user or until the virtual item is consumed. We categorize our virtual goods
as either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent goods
that can be consumed by a specific player action in gameplay; accordingly,
we recognize revenue from the sale of consumable virtual goods as the goods
are consumed and our performance obligation is satisfied. Durable virtual
goods represent goods that are accessible to the user over an extended
period of time; accordingly, we recognize revenue from the sale of durable
virtual goods ratably over the period of time the goods are available to the
user and our performance obligation is satisfied, which is generally the
estimated average user life (EAUL). Payment is required at the time of
purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs through
our distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the gross
amount charged to users because we are the principal in the transaction.
IAPs fees are non-refundable. Such payments are initially recorded to
deferred revenue.
                                     69                                     
Table of Contents
The EAUL represents our best estimate of the expected life of paying users
for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when a user makes a first purchase
of durable virtual goods and ends when a user is determined to be inactive.
We determine the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For a newly launched game
that has limited playing data, we determine our EAUL based on the EAUL of a
game that has sufficiently similar characteristics. We determine the EAUL on
a quarterly basis and apply such calculated EAUL to all bookings in the
respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires
management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical
playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future. The EAULs
are generally between six and nine months.

We present taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental
authorities on a net basis.
                                                                            
  Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations                              
                                                                            
We perform an initial test to determine whether substantially all of the
fair value of the gross assets transferred are concentrated in a single
identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, such that the
acquisition would not represent a business. If that test suggests that the
set of assets and activities is a business, we then perform a second test to
evaluate whether the assets and activities transferred include inputs and
substantive processes that together, significantly contribute to the ability
to create outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of the
second test suggests that the acquired assets and activities constitute a
business, we account for the transaction as a business combination.

For transactions accounted for as business combinations, we allocate the
fair value of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired,
liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated
fair values. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of any
promised contingent consideration. The excess of the fair value of
acquisition consideration over the fair values of acquired identifiable
assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Contingent consideration is
remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with changes in the fair
value of contingent consideration recorded in general and administrative
expenses. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates
and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Significant
estimates and assumptions in valuing certain identifiable intangible assets
include, but are not limited to, forecasted revenue and discount rates.
Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to
be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as
a result, actual results may differ from estimates. In certain
circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase price are based upon
preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to revision when we
receive final information, including appraisals and other analyses. During
the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, we may
record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the
corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement
period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-
related costs are expensed as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired on the basis
of relative fair values. We generally include contingent consideration in
the cost of the assets acquired only when the uncertainty is resolved. We
recognize contingent consideration adjustments to the cost of the acquired
assets prospectively using the straight-line method over the remaining
useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset acquisitions.
                                                                            
  Services and Development Agreements                                       
                                                                            
We enter into strategic agreements with Partner Studios. We have
historically allowed these Partner Studios to continue their operations with
a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, we bought Apps from Partner
Studios and entered into service and development agreements whereby Partner
Studios provide support in improving existing Apps and developing new Apps.
The substantial majority of payments associated with service agreements for
existing Apps are expensed to research and development when the services are
rendered as the payments primarily relate to developing enhancements for the
Apps. Payments for new Apps associated with development agreements are
generally made in connection with the development of a particular App, and
therefore, we are subject to development risk prior to the release of the
App. Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of an App are
generally expensed to research and development over the development period
as the services are incurred. Payments due after completion of an App are
generally capitalized and expensed as cost of revenue. See Note 6 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for additional information.
                                                                            
  Software Development Costs                                                
                                                                            
We incur development costs related to internal-use software and the
development of Apps. We review software development costs on a quarterly
basis to determine if the costs qualify for capitalization. As a result of
an agile and iterative development process, the preliminary project stage
remains ongoing until just prior to launch, at which time final feature
selection occurs. As such, software development costs do not meet the
criteria for capitalization and are expensed as incurred to research and
development expenses. The software development costs we capitalized during
the year ended December 31, 2021 were not material. We did not capitalize
any software development costs during the year ended December 31, 2020 and
2019.
                                     70                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  Goodwill                                                                  
                                                                            
Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment on an
annual basis during the fourth quarter or more frequently if we believe
indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events that may indicate
impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in
customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of goodwill
or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When conducting
quantitative annual goodwill impairment assessments, we compare the fair
value of its reporting units to their carrying value. If the carrying value
of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then we record a goodwill
impairment. Commencing January 1, 2019, the lesser of (i) the entire amount
by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value or
(ii) the carrying value of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit is
recorded as an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31, 2021, 2020 and
2019, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.
                                                                            
  Intangible Assets                                                         
                                                                            
This consists of identifiable intangible assets, primarily Apps, user base,
developed technology and intellectual property licenses resulting from
acquisitions. Acquired intangible assets are recorded at cost, net of
accumulated amortization. Our estimates of useful lives of intangible assets
are based on cash flow forecasts which incorporate various assumptions,
including forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level
of user engagement.

Intangible assets also include costs of intellectual property that we
license from third parties for use of their content in our game. The
licensing agreements include license payments, which are due over the terms
of the agreements. We recognize these license payments as a license asset
and a license obligation at the fair value on the contract date, based on a
discounted cash flow model. The amortization of the licensed asset commences
when the game with licensed content is launched and when licensed agreement
is executed; and is recorded in cost of revenue on a straight-line method
over the remaining license terms or estimated useful life of the game with
licensed content, whichever is shorter. The classification of the license
obligations between current and long-term is based on the expected timing of
the payments to the licensor.
                                                                            
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets                                           
                                                                            
We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. If
such circumstances are present, we assess the recoverability of the long-
lived assets by comparing the carrying value to the undiscounted future cash
flows associated with the related assets. If the future net undiscounted
cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the assets are
considered impaired and an expense equal to the amount required to reduce
the carrying value of the assets to the estimated fair value is recorded as
an impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated statements of
operations. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and
timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash
flows. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful
lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of
factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends,
and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our
internal forecasts. For example, if future operating results do not meet
current forecasts, we may be required to record future impairment charges
for acquired intangible assets. Additional factors which significantly
affect future cash flows related to long-lived assets include, but are not
limited to, forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates, and
level of user engagement. Significant changes in these factors may require
us to reassess recoverability of long-lived assets and record impairment.
Impairment charges could materially decrease future net income and result in
lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheet. There were no material
impairment charges recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and
2019.
                                                                            
  Stock-Based Compensation                                                  
                                                                            
We estimate the fair value of employee stock-based compensation awards on
the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognize
the grant date fair value as compensation expense on a straight-line basis
over the requisite service period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model
requires use of various assumptions, including expected option life and
expected stock price volatility. We determine the expected option life as
the average of the options’ contractual term and the options’ vesting
period. We estimate the options’ volatility using volatilities of public
companies in a comparable industry, stage of life cycle, and size. We use
the straight-line method for recording stock- based compensation expense and
recognize forfeitures as they occur.

The following tables summarize the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to determine the fair value of our stock options:
                                     71                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                              Year Ended                                    
                            December 31,  2021          2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average                        5.21          5.94          6.05  
  expected term                                                             
  Expected volatility                 43     %      39     %      43     %  
  Risk-free interest                0.48     %    0.56     %    1.91     %  
  rate                                                                      
  Dividend yield                       0     %       0     %       0     %  
                                                                            
Given the absence of a public trading market for our Class A common stock
prior to our initial public offering, and in accordance with the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide,
Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation
, our board of directors exercised its reasonable judgment and considered
numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of
fair value of our Class A common stock, including:

• independ ent third-party valuations of our Class A common stock;

• the price of sales of our Class A common stock and preferred stock in
recent secondary sales by existing stockholders to inv estors;

• our capital re sources and financial condition;

• the preferences h eld by our preferred stock classes relative to those of
our Class A common stock;

• the likelihood and timing of achieving a liquidity event, such as an
initial public offering or sale of the company, given prevailing market
condi tions;

• our historica l operating and financial performance as well as our
estimates of future financial performance;

• valuation s of comparable companies;

• the hiring of key personnel;

• the st atus of our development, product introduction, and sales efforts;

• the price paid by us to repurchase outstanding shares;

• the relative la c k of marketability of our Class A common stock;

• industry informatio n such as market growth and volume and macro-economic
events; and

• additional objective and s ubjective factors relating to our business.

Prior to the IPO, in valuing our Class A common stock, our board of
directors determined the fair value of our Class A common stock using both
the income and market approach valuation methods, in addition to giving
consideration to recent secondary sales of our Class A common stock. The
income approach estimates value based on the expectation of future cash
flows that a company will generate. These future cash flows are discounted
to their present values using a discount rate based on our weighted-average
cost of capital, and is adjusted to reflect the risks inherent in our cash
flows. The market approach estimates value based on a comparison of our
company to comparable public companies in a similar line of business. From
the comparable companies, a representative market value multiple is
determined and then applied to our company’s financial forecasts to estimate
the value of the subject company.

Following our IPO, the fair value of each equity award grant is determined
based on the closing price of our Class A common stock as reported on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date of the respective grant.
                                                                            
  Income Taxes                                                              
                                                                            
We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which
requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
financial statements. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets
and liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates
in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The
effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets are more
likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider
all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income,
tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine
that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess
of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset
valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision for income taxes.

We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process in
which determinations are made (i) whether it is more likely than not that
the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of
the position and (ii) for
                                     72                                     
Table of Contents
those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than
50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a tax authority.

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on
the income tax expense line in our consolidated statement of operations.
Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability
line in the consolidated balance sheet.
                                                                            
  Recent Accounting                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Pronouncements                                                            
                                                                            
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently adopted accounting
pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
as of the dates of the statement of financial position included in this
Annual Report on 10-K.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, which
primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates.

As of December 31, 2021, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of
$1.52 billion. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates would not have a
material impact on our financial condition or results of operations due to
the short-term nature of our cash equivalents.

As of December 31, 2021, we had a debt balance of $3.27 billion . A
hypothetical 50 basis point change in interest rates as of December 31, 2021
would not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2021.
                                     73                                     
Table of Contents
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                     │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                            
   APPLOVIN CORPORATION                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
                 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                 
                                                                            
                                                              
                                                        Page  
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting      75  
  Firm(PCAOB ID No.34)                                        
  Consolidated Balance Sheets                             77  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations                   78  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income         79  
  (Loss)                                                      
  Consolidated Statements of Redeemable                       
  Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders’Equity         80  
  (Deficit)                                                   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                   83  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              85  
                                                              
                                     74                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
          REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM           
                                                                            
To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin Corporation
                                                                            
  Opinion on the Financial Statements                                       
                                                                            
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AppLovin
Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2021 and
2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
income (loss), redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
"financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as
of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.
                                                                            
  Basis for Opinion                                                         
                                                                            
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
                                                                            
  Critical Audit Matter                                                     
                                                                            
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the
current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.
The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it
relates.

Acquisitions – Acquisition of Adjust – Forecasted Revenue — Refer to Notes 2
and 6 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

On April 20, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of adjust GmbH
(“Adjust”) for a fair value consideration of $967.8 million. The Company
accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. The Company
allocated the fair value of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets
acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their
estimated fair value, including total intangible assets of $240.0 million,
which consisted primarily of $155.0 million of customer relationships, $77.0
million of developed technology, and $8.0 million of tradename. Management
estimated the fair value of the intangible assets using the income approach,
which is a specific discounted cash flow valuation method.

We identified forecasted revenue used in the determination of fair value of
the intangible assets as a critical audit matter because it requires
management to make significant estimates and assumptions. This required a
high degree of auditor judgment, and an increased extent of effort, when
performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management’s
estimates and assumptions related to forecasted revenue.
                                     75                                     
Table of Contents
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the forecasted revenue included the
following, among others:

• Assessed the reasonableness of forecasted revenue, by comparing it to (1)
historical revenue results of the acquired Adjust business, (2) historical
and forecasted revenue of peer companies in industry, and (3) communications
with the Board of Directors.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California

March 11, 2022

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2014.
                                     76                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                        Consolidated Balance Sheets                         
                                                                            
              (In thousands, except share and per share data)               
                                                                            
                                           December 31,       December 31,  
                                                   2021               2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                                           
  Cash and cash equivalents             $     1,520,504    $       317,235  
  Restricted cash equivalents                 1,050,000                  —  
  Accounts receivable, net                      514,520            296,964  
  Prepaid expenses and other current            150,040             48,795  
  assets                                                                    
  Total current assets                        3,235,064            662,994  
  Property and equipment, net                    63,608             28,587  
  Operating lease right-of-use                   70,975             84,336  
  assets                                                                    
  Goodwill                                      966,427            249,773  
  Intangible assets, net                      1,709,347          1,086,332  
  Other assets                                  118,158             42,571  
  Total assets                          $     6,163,579    $     2,154,593  
  Liabilities, redeemable                                                   
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest, and stockholders’ equity                                        
  (deficit)                                                                 
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts payable                      $       258,220    $       147,275  
  Accrued liabilities                           133,770             95,057  
  Licensed asset obligation                      17,374             18,760  
  Short-term debt                                25,810             15,210  
  Deferred revenue                               78,930             86,886  
  Operating lease liabilities                    18,392             22,206  
  Deferred acquisition costs,                   107,601            212,658  
  current                                                                   
  Total current liabilities                     640,097            598,052  
  Non-current liabilities:                                                  
  Long-term debt                              3,201,834          1,583,990  
  Operating lease liabilities,                   62,498             71,755  
  non-current                                                               
  Licensed asset obligation,                      8,039                  —  
  non-current                                                               
  Other non-current liabilities                 112,820             59,032  
  Total liabilities                           4,025,288          2,312,829  
  Commitments and Contingencies                                             
  (Note 5)                                                                  
  Redeemable noncontrolling interest                201                309  
  Stockholders’ equity (deficit):                                           
  Convertible preferred                                                     
  stock,100,000,000and109,090,908sh…                                        
  authorized,niland109,090,908shares                  —            399,589  
  issued and outstanding as of                                              
  December                                                                  
  31, 2021 and 2020; respectively                                           
  Class A, Class B and Class F                                              
  common                                                                    
  stock, $0.00003par                                                        
  value—1,700,000,000(Class                                                 
  A1,500,000,000, Class                                                     
  B200,000,000,                                                             
  Class Fnil) and429,600,000(Class                                          
  A386,400,000, Class Bnil, Class                                           
  F43,200,000) shares                                                       
  authorized,375,089,360(Class                       11                  7  
  A296,426,738, Class B78,662,622,                                          
  Class                                                                     
  Fnil) and226,364,401(Class                                                
  A183,800,251,                                                             
  Class Bnil, Class F42,564,150)                                            
  shares                                                                    
  issued and outstanding as of                                              
  December                                                                  
  31, 2021 and 2020, respectively                                           
  Additional paid-in capital                  3,160,487            453,655  
  Accumulated other comprehensive                                           
  income                                        -45,454                604  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Accumulated deficit                          -976,954         -1,012,400  
  Total stockholders’ equity                  2,138,090           -158,545  
  (deficit)                                                                 
  Total liabilities, redeemable                                             
  noncontrolling interest, and          $     6,163,579    $     2,154,593  
  stockholders’ equity (deficit)                                            
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     77                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                   Consolidated Statements of Operations                    
                                                                            
              (In thousands, except share and per share data)               
                                                                            
                           Years ended                                      
                          December 31,                                      
                                  2021              2020              2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue           $        2,793,104    $    1,451,086    $      994,104  
  Costs and                                                                 
  expenses:                                                                 
  Cost of                      988,095           555,578           241,274  
  revenue                                                                   
  Sales and                  1,129,892           627,796           481,781  
  marketing                                                                 
  Research and                 366,402           180,652            44,966  
  development                                                               
  General and                  158,699            66,431            31,712  
  administrative                                                            
  Lease                                                                     
  modification                                                              
  and                                —             7,851                 —  
  abandonment of                                                            
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Extinguishmen…                                                            
  of                                                                        
  acquisition-r…                     —            74,820                 —  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Total costs                2,643,088         1,513,128           799,733  
  and expenses                                                              
  Income (loss)                                                             
  from                         150,016           -62,042           194,371  
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on                     -103,170           -77,873           -73,955  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income                    -535             4,209             5,818  
  (expense), net                                                            
  Total other                 -103,705           -73,664           -68,137  
  expense                                                                   
  Income (loss)                                                             
  before income                 46,311          -135,706           126,234  
  taxes                                                                     
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit from)                10,973            -9,772             7,194  
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income                    35,338          -125,934           119,040  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Add: Net loss                                                             
  attributable                                                              
  to                               108               747                 —  
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest                                                                  
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $           35,446    $     -125,187    $      119,040  
  to                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
  Less: Net                                                                 
  income                                                                    
  attributable                  -3,743                 —           -42,664  
  to                                                                        
  participating                                                             
  securities                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $           31,703    $     -125,187    $       76,376  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Basic                                                               
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $           31,879    $     -125,187    $       76,561  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Diluted                                                             
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders:                                                             
  Basic             $             0.10    $        -0.58    $         0.36  
  Diluted           $             0.09    $        -0.58    $         0.36  
  Weighted                                                                  
  average common                                                            
  shares used to                                                            
  compute net                                                               
  income (loss)                                                             
  per share                                                                 
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders:                                                             
  Basic                    324,836,076       214,936,545       210,937,147  
  Diluted                  342,763,632       214,936,545       212,365,429  
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     78                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
           Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)           
                                                                            
                               (In thousands)                               
                                                                            
                                  Years ended                               
                                 December 31,                               
                                         2021           2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)    $               35,338    $  -125,934    $  119,040  
  Other                                                                     
  comprehensive                                                             
  income (loss),                                                            
  net                                                                       
  of tax:                                                                   
                                                                            
  Foreign currency                                                          
  translation gain                                                          
  (loss), net of                      -46,058            579           -11  
  tax effect of                                                             
  $12.4million,nil…                                                         
  respectively                                                              
  Interest rate                                                             
  swap gain (loss),                                                         
  net of                                                                    
  tax effect ofnil,                         —          4,165        -1,511  
  $1.7million and                                                           
  $0.4million,                                                              
  respectively                                                              
  Total other                                                               
  comprehensive                       -46,058          4,744        -1,522  
  income (loss)                                                             
  Add: Net loss                                                             
  attributable to                         108            747             —  
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest                                                                  
  Total                                                                     
  comprehensive                                                             
  loss attributable    $              -10,612    $  -120,443    $  117,518  
  to                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     79                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
     Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and      
                       Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                       
                                                                            
                     (In thousands, except share data)                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     80                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
     Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and      
                       Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                       
                                                                            
                     (In thousands, except share data)                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     81                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
     Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and      
                       Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                       
                                                                            
                     (In thousands, except share data)                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         $      $      $    
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     82                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                    
                                                                            
                               (In thousands)                               
                                                                            
                                 Years Ended                                
  Operating                     December 31,                                
  Activities                            2021           2020           2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)    $              35,338    $  -125,934    $   119,040  
  Adjustments to                                                            
  reconcile net                                                             
  income                                                                    
  (loss) to                                                                 
  operating                                                                 
  activities:                                                               
  Amortization,                                                             
  depreciation and                   431,063        254,951         92,806  
  write-offs                                                                
  Amortization of                                                           
  debt issuance                       12,825          8,152          4,979  
  costs and                                                                 
  discount                                                                  
  Stock-based                        133,177         62,387         10,222  
  compensation                                                              
  Change in                                                                 
  operating                           26,313          9,333          2,602  
  right-of-use                                                              
  asset                                                                     
  Lease                                                                     
  modification and                                                          
  abandonment of                           —          7,851              —  
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Loss on                                                                   
  extinguishments                                                           
  of acquisition                           —         74,820              —  
  related                                                                   
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Change in fair                                                            
  value of                              -230            442              —  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Loss on                                                                   
  settlement of                       18,236              —              —  
  debt                                                                      
  Net unrealized                                                            
  gains on fair                                                             
  value                               -8,841         -4,180              —  
  remeasurement of                                                          
  financial                                                                 
  instruments                                                               
  Net loss (gain)                                                           
  on foreign                          -1,734          2,097             14  
  currency                                                                  
  remeasurement                                                             
  Changes in                                                                
  operating assets                                                          
  and                                                                       
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts                          -201,948       -113,234        -33,524  
  receivable                                                                
  Prepaid expenses                                                          
  and other current                  -97,324        -13,289        -19,867  
  assets                                                                    
  Other assets                       -45,938        -19,092         -1,485  
  Accounts payable                    98,612         49,120         13,534  
  Operating lease                    -26,854         -8,812         -2,242  
  liabilities                                                               
  Accrued and other                    3,063          2,783          5,661  
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred revenue                   -13,907         35,488          6,722  
  Net cash provided                                                         
  by operating                       361,851        222,883        198,462  
  activities                                                                
  Investing                                                                 
  Activities                                                                
  Purchase of                                                               
  property and                        -1,390         -3,241         -3,358  
  equipment                                                                 
  Acquisitions, net               -1,206,482       -674,650       -404,196  
  of cash acquired                                                          
  Purchase of                                                               
  non-marketable                     -15,000         -2,000         -4,000  
  investments                                                               
  and other                                                                 
  Proceeds from                                                             
  other investing                     12,009              —              —  
  activities                                                                
  Capitalized                                                               
  software                            -4,067              —              —  
  development costs                                                         
  Net cash used in                                                          
  investing                       -1,214,930       -679,891       -411,554  
  activities                                                                
  Financing                                                                 
  Activities                                                                
  Proceeds from                                                             
  issuance of                                                               
  common stock                                                              
  in initial public                1,745,228              —              —  
  offering, net of                                                          
  issuance costs as                                                         
  adjusted for cost                                                         
  reimbursement                                                             
  Proceeds from                                                             
  debt issuance,                   2,329,059        481,273        388,859  
  net of                                                                    
  issuance costs                                                            
  Payments of debt                  -719,810        -64,295        -11,208  
  principal                                                                 
  Payments of                        -15,271         -9,708         -5,663  
  finance leases                                                            
  Proceeds from                                                             
  exercise of stock                   31,156          2,303          2,637  
  options                                                                   
  Proceeds from                                                             
  issuance of                              —          9,318              —  
  common stock                                                              
  Proceeds from the                                                         
  issuance of                                                               
  common                                                                    
  stock under the                      2,877              —              —  
  Employee Stock                                                            
  Purchase                                                                  
  Plan                                                                      
  Payments of                                                               
  deferred                          -234,068        -17,586        -41,454  
  acquisition costs                                                         
  Payments of                                                               
  licensed asset                     -17,970        -18,940              —  
  obligation                                                                
  Payments of                                                               
  related party                      -11,655              —              —  
  notes                                                                     
  Repurchases of                           —         -1,766            -11  
  common stock                                                              
  Payments of                                                               
  deferred IPO                             —         -2,744              —  
  costs                                                                     
  Net cash provided                                                         
  by financing                     3,109,546        377,855        333,160  
  activities                                                                
  Effect of foreign                                                         
  exchange rate on                                                          
  cash,                                                                     
  cash equivalents                    -3,198            141             60  
  and restricted                                                            
  cash                                                                      
  equivalents                                                               
  Net increase                                                              
  (decrease) in                                                             
  cash, cash                       2,253,269        -79,012        120,128  
  equivalents and                                                           
  restricted cash                                                           
  equivalents                                                               
  Cash, cash                                                                
  equivalents and                                                           
  restricted                                                                
  cash equivalents                   317,235        396,247        276,119  
  at beginning of                                                           
  the                                                                       
  period                                                                    
  Cash, cash                                                                
  equivalents and                                                           
  restricted           $           2,570,504    $   317,235    $   396,247  
  cash equivalents                                                          
  at end of the                                                             
  period                                                                    
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     83                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                    
                                                                            
                               (In thousands)                               
                                                                            
  Supplemental                                                              
  non-cash investing                                                        
  and                                                                       
  financing                 Years Ended December                            
  activities                                 31,                            
  disclosures:                              2021         2020         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Conversion of                                                             
  convertible                                                               
  securities to          $               392,170    $       —    $       —  
  Class A common                                                            
  stock                                                                     
  Issuance of                                                               
  convertible                                                               
  securities             $               342,170    $  45,000    $       —  
  related to                                                                
  acquisitions                                                              
  Acquisitions not       $                79,095    $  94,758    $       —  
  yet paid                                                                  
  Assets acquired not    $                25,640    $       —    $       —  
  yet paid                                                                  
  Assets acquired                                                           
  under finance          $                20,497    $   7,475    $   3,061  
  leases                                                                    
  Settlement of bonus                                                       
  compensation                                                              
  through                $                 2,503    $       —    $       —  
  issuance of common                                                        
  stock                                                                     
  Acquisition of                                                            
  business through                                                          
  issuance               $                     —    $  38,167    $     192  
  of common stock and                                                       
  common stock                                                              
  warrants                                                                  
  Settlement of                                                             
  contingent                                                                
  consideration          $                     —    $  31,422    $       —  
  through issuance of                                                       
  common stock                                                              
  Deferred IPO costs     $                     —    $     888    $       —  
  not yet paid                                                              
  Accretion of                                                              
  interest on related    $                   595    $     553    $      48  
  party                                                                     
  promissory notes                                                          
  Common stock issued                                                       
  in exchange for                                                           
  redeemable             $                     —    $   1,500    $       —  
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest                                                                  
  Repurchases of                                                            
  common stock from                                                         
  related                $                     —    $       —    $   9,074  
  parties financed by                                                       
  promissory notes                                                          
  Interest expense                                                          
  offset by non-cash     $                     —    $       —    $   3,549  
  financing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Common stock                                                              
  warrant issued in      $                     —    $     433    $       —  
  connection with                                                           
  lease modification                                                        
  Supplemental                                                              
  disclosure of cash                                                        
  flow                                                                      
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for          $                90,616    $  12,666    $  30,474  
  income taxes                                                              
  Cash paid for          $                76,695    $  59,360    $  62,278  
  interest on debt                                                          
                                                                            
        See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.        
                                                                            
                                     84                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
   APPLOVIN CORPORATION                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
   1. Description of Business                                               
                                                                            
AppLovin Corporation (the “Company” or “AppLovin” or “we”) was incorporated
in the state of Delaware on July 18, 2011. The Company is a leader in the
mobile app industry with a focus on building a software-based platform for
mobile app developers to improve the marketing and monetization of their
apps. The Company also has a globally diversified portfolio of apps—free-to-
play mobile games that it operates through its own or partner studios.

The Company’s operations are headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has
several operating locations in the U.S. as well as various international
office locations in North America, Asia and Europe.

Initial Public Offering and Capital Structure Change

The Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 (the “IPO Registration
Statement”) related to its IPO was declared effective on April 14, 2021, and
the Company’s Class A common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market on April 15, 2021. On April 19, 2021, the Company completed its IPO,
in which the Company sold 22,500,000shares of Class A common stock at price
to the public of $ 80.00per share. The Company received aggregate net
proceeds of $ 1.75billion after deducting underwriting discounts and
commissions of $ 47.2million and offering expenses of $ 7.9million subject
to certain cost reimbursements. KKR Capital Markets LLC ("KKR Capital
Markets") was an underwriter for the IPO and is an affiliate of KKR Denali
Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”), who is a principal stockholder of the Company.
The Company used $ 400.0million of the net proceeds from the IPO to repay
the entire outstanding amount under the revolving credit facility (See Note
9). KKR Capital Markets is a lender under the revolving credit facility and
an affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company.

Following the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement, the Company
filed its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which became
effective immediately prior to the closing of the IPO (the “IPO
Certificate”). The IPO Certificate authorizes a total of 1,500,000,000shares
of Class A common stock, 200,000,000shares of Class B common stock,
150,000,000shares of Class C common stock, and 100,000,000shares of
preferred stock. Upon the filing and effectiveness of the IPO Certificate,
all shares of Class F common stock and Series A convertible preferred stock
then outstanding automatically converted into the equivalent number of
shares of Class A common stock, respectively (the “Capital Stock
Conversions”). Following the Capital Stock Conversions and immediately prior
to the completion of the IPO, a total of 150,307,622shares of Class A common
stock held by Adam Foroughi, the Company’s co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson;
Herald Chen, the Company’s President, Chief Financial Officer, and a member
of the Company’s board of directors; and KKR Denali (collectively with
certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders) were exchanged for an
equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of
certain exchange agreements.
                                                                            
  2.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies                                
                                                                            
Principles of Consolidation —The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”). Consolidated financial statements include
accounts and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries in which the
Company has a controlling financial interest. In accordance with the
provisions of Accounting Standards Codifications ("ASC") 810, the Company
consolidates any variable interest entities ("VIE") where it is the primary
beneficiary. The Company engages in business relationships with certain
entities in the ordinary course of business to develop game Apps. The
typical condition for a controlling financial interest ownership is holding
a majority of the voting interests of an entity; however, a controlling
financial interest may also exist in entities, such as VIEs, through
arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests. ASC 810
requires a variable interest holder to consolidate a VIE if that party has
the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact
the VIE’s economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses of
the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to
receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the
VIE. We do not consolidate a VIE in which we have a majority ownership
interest when we are not considered the primary beneficiary. The Company
evaluates its relationships with all VIEs on an ongoing basis. All
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon
consolidation.

Use of Estimates —The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially
from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its
estimates, including those related to fair values of intangible assets and
goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment,
expected period of consumption of virtual goods, expected life of paying
users, income and indirect taxes, contingent liabilities, evaluation of
recoverability of intangible assets and long-lived assets, goodwill
impairment, and fair value of derivatives and other financial instruments
among others. The Company bases its estimates on assumptions, both
historical and forward-looking, that are believed to be reasonable, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities.
                                     85                                     
Table of Contents
Risk and Uncertainties —The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties,
including, but not limited to, as a result of the warfare in Ukraine and
related sanctions against Russia, as well as, the COVID-19 pandemic. As of
the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the Company’s
results of operations have not been materially impacted. However, the future
impact of these events remains uncertain as the response to and information
related to these events is rapidly evolving. Economies worldwide have been
negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the events in the Ukraine
and Russia are expected to have a further impact on the global economy. A
weakened global economy may negatively impact in-app purchasing decisions
and consumer buying decisions across the globe generally, which could
adversely affect advertiser activity. The full impact of these events on the
global economy and the extent to which these events may impact the Company’s
business, financial condition, and results of operations in the future
remains uncertain. The severity of the impact of the war in Ukraine, Russian
sanctions and the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business will depend on
a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the duration and
severity of these events and the extent and severity of the impact on the
Company’s customers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. The
Company’s future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely
impacted by delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts beyond
normal payment terms and uncertain demand.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers —The Company generates Business and
Consumer revenue. Business Revenue includes fees paid by mobile app
advertisers that use the Company’s software platform (“Software Platform”),
and revenue generated from the sale of digital advertising inventory of the
Company’s apps (“Apps”). Consumer Revenue consists of mobile in-app
purchases (“IAPs”) made by users within Apps.
Business Revenue
The Software Platform provides the technology to match advertisers and
third-party owners of digital advertising inventory (“Publishers”) via
auctions at large scale and microsecond-level speeds. The pricing and terms
for all mobile advertising arrangements are governed by the Company’s terms
and conditions and generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days subsequent
to the end of the month. The contract is fully cancellable at any time.
For Business Revenue generated through placement of advertisements on mobile
applications owned by Publishers, the Company’s performance obligation is to
provide an advertiser with access to the Software Platform which facilitates
the advertiser’s purchase of advertising inventory from Publishers. The
Company does not control the advertising inventory prior to its transfer to
the advertiser, the Company’s customer, because the Company does not have
the substantive ability to direct the use of, nor obtain substantially all
of the remaining benefits from the advertising inventory. The Company is not
primarily responsible for fulfillment and does not have any inventory risk.
The Company is an agent as it relates to the sale of third-party advertising
inventory and presents revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the
product of either the number of completions of agreed upon actions or
advertisements displayed and the contractually agreed upon price per
advertising unit with the advertiser less consideration paid or payable to
Publishers.
Advertisers purchase Apps advertising inventory either through the Software
Platform or through third-party advertising networks (“Ad Networks”).
Revenue from the sale of advertising inventory through Ad Networks is
recognized net of the amounts retained by Ad Networks as the Company is
unable to determine the gross amount paid by the advertisers to Ad Networks.
The Company recognizes mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon
action is completed or when the ad is displayed to users, depending on the
agreed upon pricing mechanism with an advertiser or Ad Network. The number
of advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is
determined at the end of each month, which resolves any uncertainty in the
transaction price during the reporting period.
Consumer Revenue
IAPs include fees collected from users for the purchase of virtual goods to
enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is
to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items
over the estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the
user or until the virtual item is consumed. The Company categorizes its
virtual goods as either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods
represent goods that can be consumed by a specific player action in
gameplay; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of
consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed and the Company’s
performance obligation is satisfied. Durable virtual goods represent goods
that are accessible to the user over an extended period of time;
accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable virtual
goods ratably over the period of time the goods are available to the user
and the Company’s performance obligation is satisfied, which is generally
the estimated average user life (“EAUL”). Payment is required at the time of
purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs through
the Company’s distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the
gross amount charged to users because the Company is the principal in the
transaction. IAPs fees are non-refundable. Such payments are initially
recorded to deferred revenue.
The EAUL represents the Company’s best estimate of the expected life of
paying users for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when a user makes a
first purchase of durable virtual goods and ends when a user is determined
to be inactive. The Company determines the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For
a newly launched game that has limited
                                     86                                     
Table of Contents
playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the EAUL of a game
that has sufficiently similar characteristics. The Company determines the
EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such calculated EAUL to all bookings
in the respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires
management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical
playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future. The EAULs
are generally between sixand nine months.

The Company presents taxes collected from customers and remitted to
governmental authorities on a net basis.
Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table present revenue disaggregated by type (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                  Year Ended                                
                                December 31,                                
                                        2021            2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Business                                                                  
  Revenue—Software           $       673,952         207,285    $  198,305  
  Platform                                                                  
  Business Revenue—Apps              660,557         503,867       397,643  
  Total Business Revenue           1,334,509         711,152       595,948  
  Consumer Revenue                 1,458,595         739,934       398,156  
  Total Revenue              $     2,793,104    $  1,451,086    $  994,104  
                                                                            
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location, consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                      
                            Year Ended                                
                          December 31,                                
                                  2021            2020          2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States        $     1,687,080    $    895,987    $  622,051  
  Rest of the World          1,106,024         555,099       372,053  
  Total Revenue        $     2,793,104    $  1,451,086    $  994,104  
                                                                      
Contract Balances
Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and include payments
received in advance of the satisfaction of performance obligations. During
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized $
86.9million and $ 8.2million of revenue that was included in deferred
revenue as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
Unsatisfied Performance Obligations
All of the Company’s unsatisfied performance obligations relate to contracts
with an original expected length of one year or less.

Cash and Cash Equivalents —Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of
cash on deposit with banks and investments in money market funds with
maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase.

Restricted Cash Equivalents —The Company classifies cash equivalents that
are legally or contractually restricted for withdrawal or usage as
restricted cash equivalents. Restricted cash equivalents as of December 31,
2021 consisted of investments in certain money market fund of funds held in
an escrow account related to the MoPub acquisition, which was closed in
January 2022.

Accounts Receivable, net —The Company records accounts receivable at the
invoiced amount, maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for
potentially uncollectible receivables, and reviews accounts receivable
periodically to identify specific customers with known disputes or
collectability issues. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the allowance for
doubtful accounts was not material.

Derivatives —The Company accounts for derivative instruments at fair value.
Interest rate swaps may qualify as cash flow hedges. Changes in the interest
rate swaps that qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded within accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss). Amounts recorded within accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to earnings in a manner that
matches the earnings impact of the hedged interest expense. The Company’s
policy for classifying cash flows from derivatives is to report the cash
flows consistent with the underlying hedged item .

Fair Value of Financial Instruments —The Company uses a three-tier fair
value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, in periods subsequent to
their initial measurement. The hierarchy requires the Company to use
observable inputs when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when determining fair value. The three tiers are defined as follows:
                                     87                                     
Table of Contents
Level 1 —Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for
identical assets or liabilities in active markets.

Level 2 —Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are
observable either directly or indirectly.

Level 3 —Unobservable inputs of which there is little or no market data,
which require the Company to develop its own assumptions.
Concentration of Credit Risk and Uncertainties —The Company’s financial
instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist
primarily of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents and
accounts receivable. The Company places its cash deposits with large,
reputable financial institutions. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the
Company maintained cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (“FDIC”) insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of money
market funds that are composed of U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government
securities.
The Company’s accounts receivable balance is derived from both domestic and
international sales. The Company reviews its exposure to accounts receivable
credit risk and generally requires no collateral for its accounts
receivable.
The Company uses various distribution partners to collect and remit payments
from users of Apps for virtual goods. As of December 31, 2021,
twodistribution partners accounted for 10% of the accounts receivable, net.
As of December 31, 2020, two distribution partners accounted for 20% and 13%
of the accounts receivable, net.
No individual customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s accounts
receivable or revenue during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and
2019.
Property and Equipment, net —Property and equipment are stated at cost, net
of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-
line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is as
follows:
                                                                            
                            Useful Life                                     
  Computer equipment        3-5years                                        
  Software and licenses     3years                                          
  Furniture and fixtures    3-5years                                        
  Leasehold improvements    Over the shorter of useful life (up to10years)  
                            or lease term                                   
                                                                            
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated
depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations in the period realized.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.
Leases — Leases consist of real estate property, network and other
equipment. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease
at inception. Operating and finance lease right-of-use assets and
liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the
present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments consist
primarily of the fixed payments under the arrangement, less any lease
incentives. The Company generally use an incremental borrowing rate
estimated based on the information available at the lease commencement date
to determine the present value of lease payments, unless the implicit rate
is readily determinable. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-
line basis over the lease terms. Finance lease assets are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the
assets or the lease terms.
The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components as a single lease
component of contracts for real estate property leases and does not
recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with a term
of 12 months or less. Generally, the lease term is based on non-cancelable
lease term when determining the lease assets and liabilities. The lease
terms may include periods under options to extend or terminate the lease
when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Payments
under our lease arrangements are primarily fixed, however, certain lease
agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not
included in the lease right-of-use assets and liabilities. Variable lease
payments are primarily comprised of real estate taxes, common area
maintenance, and insurance.
Deferred Offering Costs — Deferred offering costs, which consist primarily
of accounting, legal and other fees directly attributable to the Company’s
initial public offering (“IPO”), are capitalized in other assets on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Upon the completion of an IPO, the
deferred offering costs are presented in stockholders’ equity as a reduction
of the IPO proceeds. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, deferred offering
costs included in other assets on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets
were niland $ 3.6million, respectively .

Segment Reporting —The Company’s chief operating decision-maker is the Chief
Executive Officer who makes resource allocation decisions and assesses
performance based on financial information presented on a consolidated
basis. There are no segment managers who are held accountable by the chief
operating decision-maker, or anyone else, for operations, operating results,
and planning for levels or components below the consolidated unit level.
Accordingly, the Company has a single reportable and operating segment
structure.
                                     88                                     
Table of Contents
Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations —The Company performs an
initial test to determine whether substantially all of the fair value of the
gross assets transferred are concentrated in a single identifiable asset or
a group of similar identifiable assets, such that the acquisition would not
represent a business. If that test suggests that the set of assets and
activities is a business, the Company then performs a second test to
evaluate whether the assets and activities transferred include inputs and
substantive processes that together, significantly contribute to the ability
to create outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of the
second test suggests that the acquired assets and activities constitute a
business, the Company accounts for the transaction as a business
combination.
For transactions accounted for as business combinations, the Company
allocates the fair value of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets
acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their
estimated fair value. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of
any promised contingent consideration. The excess of the fair value of
acquisition consideration over the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Contingent
consideration is remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with
changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded in general
and administrative expenses. Such valuations require management to make
significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible
assets. Significant estimates and assumptions in valuing certain
identifiable intangible assets include, but are not limited to, forecasted
revenue and discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value are based
upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently
uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from
estimates. In certain circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase
price are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to
revision when the Company receives final information, including appraisals
and other analyses. During the measurement period, which is one year from
the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill.
Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments
are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
incurred.
For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired on the basis
of relative fair values. The Company generally includes contingent
consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only when the uncertainty
is resolved. The Company recognizes contingent consideration adjustments to
the cost of the acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line method
over the remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in
asset acquisitions.
Services and Development Agreements —The Company enters into strategic
agreements with mobile gaming studios (“Partner Studios”). The Company has
historically allowed these Partner Studios to continue their operations with
a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, the Company bought Apps
from Partner Studios and entered into service and development agreements
whereby Partner Studios provide support in improving existing Apps and
developing new Apps. The substantial majority of payments associated with
service agreements for existing Apps are expensed to research and
development when the services are rendered as the payments primarily relate
to developing enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps associated
with development agreements are generally made in connection with the
development of a particular App, and therefore, the Company is subject to
development risk prior to the release of the App. Accordingly, payments that
are due prior to completion of an App are generally expensed to research and
development over the development period as the services are incurred.
Payments due after completion of an App are generally capitalized and
expensed as cost of revenue. See Note 6, “Acquisitions” for additional
information.

Software Development Costs —The Company incurs development costs related to
internal-use software and the development of Apps. The Company reviews
software development costs on a quarterly basis to determine if the costs
qualify for capitalization. The Company typically follows an agile and
iterative development process. As a result, the preliminary project stage
remains ongoing until just prior to launch, at which time final feature
selection occurs. As such, software development costs do not meet the
criteria for capitalization and are expensed as incurred to research and
development expenses. The software development costs the Company capitalized
during the year ended December 31, 2021 were not material. The Company did
notcapitalize any software development costs during the years ended December
31, 2020 and December 31, 2019.

Goodwill —Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment
on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if the
Company believes indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events that may
indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse
change in customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of
goodwill or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When conducting
quantitative annual goodwill impairment assessments, the Company compares
the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying value. If the
carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the Company
records a goodwill impairment. The lesser of (i) the entire amount by which
the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value or (ii) the
carrying value of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit is recorded as
an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, no
impairment of goodwill has been identified.

Intangible Assets —This consists of identifiable intangible assets,
primarily Apps, user base, developed technology and intellectual property
licenses resulting from acquisitions. Acquired intangible assets are
recorded at cost, net of accumulated amortization. The Company’s estimates
of useful lives of intangible assets are based on cash flow forecasts which
incorporate various assumptions, including forecasted user acquisition
costs, user attrition rates and level of user engagement.
                                     89                                     
Table of Contents
Intangible assets also include costs of intellectual property that the
Company licenses from third parties for use of their content in the
Company’s game. The licensing agreements include license payments, which are
due over the terms of the agreements. The Company recognizes these license
payments as a license asset and a license obligation at the fair value on
the contract date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The amortization
of the licensed asset is recorded in cost of revenue on a straight-line
basis over the remaining license terms. The classification of the license
obligations between current and long-term is based on the expected timing of
the payments to the licensor.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets —The Company reviews long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an asset’s
carrying value may not be recoverable. If such circumstances are present,
the Company assesses the recoverability of the long-lived assets by
comparing the carrying value to the undiscounted future cash flows
associated with the related assets. If the future net undiscounted cash
flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the assets are
considered impaired and an expense equal to the amount required to reduce
the carrying value of the assets to the estimated fair value is recorded as
an impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated statements of
operations. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and
timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash
flows. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful
lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of
factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends,
and internal factors such as changes in the Company’s business strategy and
internal forecasts. For example, if future operating results do not meet
current forecasts, the Company may be required to record future impairment
charges for acquired intangible assets. Additional factors which
significantly affect future cash flows related to long-lived assets include,
but are not limited to, forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition
rates and level of user engagement. Significant changes in these factors may
require the Company to reassess recoverability of long-lived assets and
record impairment. Impairment charges could materially decrease future net
income and result in lower asset values on the Company’s consolidated
balance sheet. There were nomaterial impairment charges recorded for the
years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019.

Cost of Revenue —Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees related to Consumer Revenue and paid to the Company’s
distribution partners, amortization of intangible assets related to acquired
technology and Apps, and expenses associated with operating network
infrastructure which include bandwidth, energy, and other equipment costs
related to the co-located data centers and costs for third-party cloud
service providers.

Sales and Marketing —Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses, sales incentives, and
amortization of acquired separately-identifiable user- related intangible
assets. Related costs associated with these functions such as, marketing
programs, travel, customer service costs as well as allocated facilities and
information technology costs are also included in sales and marketing
expenses. Costs for advertising are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs,
which consist primarily of user acquisition costs, totaled $ 983.7million, $
550.9million, and $ 436.1million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020
and 2019, respectively.

Research and Development —Research and development expenses include new
product development costs such as salaries and employee benefits, consulting
costs, stock-based compensation, regulatory compliance costs as well as
allocated facilities and information technology costs.

General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses include
costs associated with the Company’s finance, accounting, legal, human
resources, and administrative personnel. Related costs associated with these
functions, such as attorney and accounting fees, recruiting services,
administrative services, insurance, travel, as well as allocated facilities
and information technology costs are also included in general and
administrative expenses.

Stock-Based Compensation —The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
based on the fair value of awards as of the grant date. The Company
recognizes stock-based compensation expense on the straight-line basis over
the requisite service period and accounts for forfeitures as they occur.
Prior to IPO, the fair value of employee stock options are estimated using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires use of various
assumptions including the expected term, the expected stock price
volatility, and the risk- free interest rate . The Company estimates the
expected term using the simplified method which is based on the mid-point
between the weighted-average time to vesting and the contractual maturity.
The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock on the date of
grant based on the weighted average historical stock price volatility of
comparable publicly-traded companies. The risk-free interest rate assumption
is based on the U.S. Treasury instruments whose term was consistent with the
expected term of the Company’s stock options. Following the IPO, the Company
has granted RSUs for which the fair value is established based on the
closing price of the Company's publicly traded Class A common stock on the
date of grant.

The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense related to shares
issued pursuant to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") on a straight-
line basis over the offering period, which is generally 24months. The
Company estimates the fair value of shares to be issued under the ESPP using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.

Stock-based compensation expense also includes liability classified options
to employees that may be settled in the stock of one of the Company’s
subsidiaries.
                                     90                                     
Table of Contents
Income Taxes —The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and
liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the financial statements. Under this method, the Company
determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the
differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on
deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period
that includes the enactment date.
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the
Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including
future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future
taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations.
If the Company determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax
assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment
to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the
provision for income taxes.
The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than
not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical
merits of the position; and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-
likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the largest
amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon
ultimate settlement with a tax authority.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the
related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheets.
Foreign Currency Transactions —Generally, the functional currency of our
international subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. In cases where the functional
currency is not the U.S. dollar, the Company translates the financial
statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at
the prevailing consolidated balance sheet date for assets and liabilities,
and average exchange rates during the period for revenue and costs and
expenses. The Company records translation gains and losses in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders’ equity.
The Company reflects foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting
from the conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency,
which includes gains and losses from the remeasurement of assets and
liabilities, as a component of other income (expense), net.

Comprehensive Income (Loss) —Comprehensive income (loss) is composed of net
income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive
income (loss) consists of gains and losses on cash flow hedges and foreign
currency translation adjustments.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders —Basic and
diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders is
presented under the two-class method required for participating securities.
The Company considers its convertible preferred stock, options exercised in
exchange for nonrecourse promissory notes, early exercised unvested stock
options and unvested restricted stock awards to be participating securities.
Under the two-class method, the net loss attributable to common stockholders
is not allocated to convertible preferred stock, options exercised in
exchange for nonrecourse promissory notes, early exercised unvested common
stock options and unvested restricted stock awards as the holders of these
instruments do not have a contractual obligation to share in the Company’s
losses. Net income is attributed to common stockholders and participating
securities based on their participation rights. Basic net loss per share
attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net loss
attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares
of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share
attributable to common stockholders adjusts basic earnings per share for the
potentially dilutive impact of stock options.

Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests —For less-
than-wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries, noncontrolling interest is the
portion of equity not attributable, directly or indirectly, to AppLovin. The
Company evaluates whether noncontrolling interests possess any redemption
features outside of our control. If such features exist, the noncontrolling
interests are presented outside of permanent equity on the consolidated
balance sheets within redeemable noncontrolling interest. The Company report
revenues, expenses and net income (loss) from less-than-wholly-owned
consolidated subsidiaries at the consolidated amounts, including both the
amounts attributable to the Company and noncontrolling interests; the income
or loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest holders is reflected in
net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interest on the
consolidated statements of operation. Redeemable noncontrolling interests
are adjusted to the greater of their fair value or carrying value as of each
balance sheet date.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted) —In August
2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other
Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity’s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and
Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity , to simplify the accounting for certain
financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity,
including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity’s own equity.
The standard eliminates beneficial conversion feature and cash conversion
models resulting in more convertible instruments being accounted for as a
single unit; and simplifies
                                     91                                     
Table of Contents
classification of debt on the balance sheet and earnings per share
calculation. These changes will become effective for the Company on January
1, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of these
changes.

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations —
Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with
Customers. The ASU requires acquiring entities to apply Topic 606 to
recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in a business
combination. The amendments in this Update improve comparability for both
the recognition and measurement of acquired revenue contracts with customers
at the date of and after a business combination. The amendments improve
comparability by specifying for all acquired revenue contracts regardless of
their timing of payment (i) the circumstances in which the acquirer should
recognize contract assets and contract liabilities that are acquired in a
business combination and (ii) how to measure those contract assets and
contract liabilities. The amendments improve comparability after the
business combination by providing consistent recognition and measurement
guidance for revenue contracts with customers acquired in a business
combination and revenue contracts with customers not acquired in a business
combination. These changes will become effective for the Company on January
1, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of these
changes.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted) — In December 2019,
the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes.
The ASU impacts various topic areas within ASC 740, including accounting for
taxes under hybrid tax regimes, accounting for increases in goodwill,
allocation of tax amounts to separate company financial statements within a
group that files a consolidated tax return, intra period tax allocation,
interim period accounting, and accounting for ownership changes in
investments, among other minor codification improvements. The Company
adopted this ASU on January 1, 2021 with no material financial statement
impact upon adoption.

In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-01, Clarifying the Interactions
between Investments—Equity Securities, Investments—Equity Method and Joint
Ventures, and Derivatives and Hedging. This ASU clarifies the interaction
among the accounting standards for equity securities, equity method
investments and certain derivatives. The Company adopted this ASU on January
1, 2021 with no material financial statement impact upon adoption.
                                                                            
  3.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Fair Value Measurements                                                   
                                                                            
The following table sets forth the Company’s financial instruments that were
measured at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy on a
recurring basis as of the dates indicated (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2021                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                 Level   
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2       3       
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset…                                                                    
  Unres…                                                                    
  Balan…                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $  1,070,…    $  1,070,…    $  —          $  —       
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
            Prepaid                                                         
  Marke…    expens…                                                         
  equity    and        $    2,532    $    2,532    $  —          $  —       
  secur…    other                                                           
            current                                                         
            assets                                                          
  Restr…                                                                    
  Balan…                                                                    
  Money     Restri…                                                         
  market    cash       $  1,050,…    $  1,050,…    $  —          $  —       
  funds     equiva…                                                         
  Total                                                                     
  finan…               $  2,123,…    $  2,123,…    $  —          $  —       
  assets                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                         As of                              
                                       Decemb…                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2020                              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                         
            Sheet          Total       Level 1       Level 2       Level 3  
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset:                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $   6,413    $    6,413    $  —          $        —  
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
  Embed…    Long-t…    $   5,680    $        —    $  —          $    5,680  
  deriv…    debt                                                            
  Total                                                                     
  finan…               $  12,093    $    6,413    $  —          $    5,680  
  assets                                                                    
  Finan…                                                                    
  Liabi…                                                                    
            Deferr…                                                         
  Conve…    acquis…    $  46,500    $        —    $  —          $   46,500  
  secur…    costs,                                                          
            current                                                         
                                                                            
Convertible Security

In November 2020, the Company issued a convertible security as part of the
consideration exchanged for certain mobile game Apps acquired from an
independent foreign-based mobile game developer, as discussed in Note 6. The
Company has elected to account for the convertible security using the fair
value option. Under the fair value option, the financial liability is
initially measured at its issue-date estimated fair value and subsequently
remeasured at estimated fair
                                     92                                     
Table of Contents
value on a recurring basis at each reporting period date. The fair value of
the convertible security was determined using the probability-weighted
expected return method (“PWERM”). This valuation methodology is based on
unobservable estimates and judgements, and therefore is classified as a
Level 3 fair value measurement. Upon issuance the significant unobservable
input used in the fair value measurement of the convertible security is the
expected timing of occurrence of an IPO and a discount for lack of
marketability derived based on the remaining term of the lock up period
related to the Company’s Class A common stock into which the convertible
security is convertible.

In August 2021, the lock-up period to which the Class A common stock was
subject expired and the fair value of the related convertible security was
transferred from Level 3 to Level 1. Upon the expiration of the lock-up
period, the holder elected to convert the convertible security with a stated
value of $ 20.0million into 405,205shares of the Company's Class A common
stock at a conversion price of $ 49.40per share. In October 2021, the holder
elected to convert the remaining convertible security with a stated value of
$ 20.0million into 324,156shares of the Company's Class A common stock at a
conversion price of $ 61.70per share. As a result of these conversions, the
convertible security was fully settled and the related liability was
reclassified into the Company's consolidated stockholders' equity. During
the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a total loss
of $ 3.5million and $ 1.5million, respectively, in other income (expense),
net in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations due to the change
in fair value of the convertible security prior to settlement.

Embedded Derivative

Loans issued under the Credit Agreement contain certain interest adjustment
feature that was determined to be an embedded derivative requiring
bifurcation and separate accounting, as discussed in Note 9. The embedded
derivative was initially valued and remeasured using a “with-and-without”
method. The “with-and-without” methodology involves valuing the whole
instrument with and without the embedded derivative using a discounted cash
flow approach. The difference of the estimated fair value between the
instrument with the embedded derivative and the instrument without the
embedded derivative is the fair value of the embedded derivative. This
valuation methodology is based on unobservable estimates and judgements, and
therefore is classified as a Level 3 fair value measurement. The significant
unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the embedded
derivative is the expected timing of occurrence of an IPO. Fair value
measurements are highly sensitive to changes in these inputs and significant
changes in these inputs would result in a significantly higher or lower fair
value. The initial fair value of the embedded derivative was determined to
be nominal for term loans issued prior to 2021 and $ 5.6million for the term
loans issued in February 2021, which was accounted for as a reduction to the
carrying amount of the term loans. After the effectiveness of the IPO
Registration Statement, the applicable margins for both the Term Loans and
the Revolving Credit Loans were reduced by 0.25% on April 16, 2021 in
accordance with the pre-existing terms of the Credit Agreement. As a result,
the embedded derivative for the contingent interest adjustment feature
related to the term loans was settled. The Company remeasured the embedded
derivative to its fair value of $ 17.8million on the settlement date, and
then reclassified it to the carrying amount of the term loans. For the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a total gain of $
7.6million and $ 5.7million, respectively, in other income (expense), net in
the Company’s consolidated statements of operations due to the change in
fair value of the embedded derivative prior to settlement.

Marketable Equity Securitie s

The Company’s marketable equity securities consist entirely of its
investment in the ordinary shares of Huuuge, Inc., a foreign-based
independent mobile game developer, which completed its initial public
offering and became listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange in the first quarter
of 2021. The Company had carried the investment at cost in other assets on
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets in prior fiscal years. The cost
basis of the investment was immaterial. The fair value of the marketable
equity securities was based on the quoted market price of Huuuge, Inc.’s
ordinary shares as of December 31, 2021, and therefore was classified as a
Level 1 fair value measurement. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the
Company recorded a total unrealized gain of $ 2.5million in other income
(expense), net in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations as a
result of remeasuring the investment to fair value.
                                     93                                     
Table of Contents
The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company’s financial
asset and liability measured at fair value as of December 31, 2021 using
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), and the change in fair value (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                                                Embedded       Convertible  
                                              Derivative          Security  
  Balance as of December 31, 2019                      —                 —  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of Initial fair value                     —            45,000  
  recognition                                                               
  Change in fair value recognized in               5,680             1,500  
  earnings                                                                  
  Balance as of December 31, 2020          $       5,680    $       46,500  
  Addition related to the issuance of                                       
  term                                             5,630                 —  
  loans in February 2021                                                    
  Extinguishment of term loans in                                           
  February                                        -1,130                 —  
  2021                                                                      
  Change in fair value recognized in               7,640             3,500  
  earnings                                                                  
  Settlement                                     -17,820                 —  
  Transfers                                            —           -50,000  
  Balance as of December 31, 2021          $           —    $            —  
                                                                            
                                                                            
   4. Supplemental Financial Statement Information                          
                                                                            
Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                      
                                          December 31,                
                                                  2021          2020  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment                   $        77,730    $   33,977  
  Leasehold improvements                        18,640        18,176  
  Furniture and fixtures                         3,686         2,824  
  Software and licenses                          3,211         3,191  
  Total property and equipment                 103,267        58,168  
  Less: accumulated depreciation               -39,659       -29,581  
  Total property and equipment, net    $        63,608    $   28,587  
                                                                      
Depreciation expenses were $ 25.6million, $ 14.2million and $ 7.9million for
the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, networking equipment under finance leases
with a cost basis of $ 63.6million and $ 21.0million, respectively, was
included in computer equipment.
Accrued liabilities consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                        
                                             December 31,               
                                                     2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax accruals and withholdings           $        67,159    $  40,127  
  Compensation and related liabilities             32,862       39,076  
  Finance lease liabilities                        21,999        2,821  
  Accrued expenses and other                       11,750       13,033  
  Total accrued liabilities               $       133,770    $  95,057  
                                                                        
                                     94                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  5.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Commitments and Contingencies                                             
                                                                            
Commitments —As of December 31, 2021, the Company's non-cancelable minimum
purchase commitments totaled $ 262.5million, which consisted primarily of a
certain arrangement related to cloud platform services. Future minimum
payments under these non-cancelable purchase commitments were as follows (in
thousands):
                                                        
  2022                                         $15,465  
  2023                                          58,483  
  2024                                          69,140  
  2025                                          86,270  
  2026                                          33,094  
  Total non-cancelable purchase    $  262,452           
  commitments                                           
                                                        
The Company made purchases of $ 55.0million under these non-cancelable
purchase commitments for the year ended December 31, 2021. Purchases made
were notmaterial for the year ended, December 31, 2020 and 2019.

Contingencies —From time to time, the Company may have certain contingent
liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. The
Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future
expenditures will be made, and such expenditures can be reasonably
estimated.

Letters of Credit —As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had
outstanding letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $ 11.1million,
which were issued as security for certain leased office facilities under the
Credit Agreement (see Note 9). These letters of credit have never been drawn
upon.

Legal Proceedings —The Company is involved from time to time in litigation,
claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s legal proceedings are
inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainty.

The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been
incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is determined
that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be
estimated, the reasonably possible loss is disclosed. The Company evaluates
developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that
has been previously accrued, and related reasonably possible losses
disclosed, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is
required to determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount of
a loss related to such matters. To date, losses in connection with legal
proceedings have not been material.

The Company expenses legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.

Indemnifications —The Company enters into indemnification provisions under
agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including
certain customers, business partners, investors, contractors and the
Company’s officers, directors and certain employees. It is not possible to
determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provisions
due to the Company’s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the
unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To
date, losses recorded in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations
in connection with the indemnification provisions have not been material. As
of December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any material indemnification
claims that were probable or reasonably possible.

Non-income Taxes —The Company may be subject to audit by various tax
authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of
non-income tax audits primarily arises from different interpretations on tax
treatment and tax rates applied. The Company accrues liabilities for non-
income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated
agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and
reasonably estimable. If a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range
of loss can be estimated, the Company discloses the reasonably possible
loss.
                                                                            
  6.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Acquisitions                                                              
                                                                            
2021 Acquisitions

Business Combinations
On April 20, 2021, the Company acquired adjust GmbH (“Adjust”), a mobile
application tracking and analytics company. The Company purchased all of the
outstanding shares of the capital stock of Adjust and settled all of
Adjust’s debt for the stated purchase consideration of $ 980.0million, which
was composed of $ 352.0million stated value of convertible securities
convertible into a variable number of shares of the Company's Class A common
stock at a variable conversion price, $ 50.0million of cash holdback, and
remaining amount of $ 578.0million in cash consideration. The fair value of
the convertible securities and fair value of the cash holdback are estimated
to be $ 342.2million and $ 47.6million, respectively. As such, the fair
value of the acquisition consideration is determined to be $ 967.8million.
The transaction is expected to expand the Company ’s Software solutions and
has been accounted for as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred
by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including professional
fees, were $ 3.1million.
                                     95                                     
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the preliminary allocation of the purchase
consideration to the acquisition-date fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                           Provisional Amounts at December  
                                                                       31,  
                                                                      2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents           $                             12,155  
  Accounts receivable and other                                             
  current                                                           21,840  
  assets                                                                    
  Intangible assets                                                         
  Customer Relationships—estimated                                          
  useful                                                           155,000  
  life of12years                                                            
  Developed Technology—estimated                                            
  useful                                                            77,000  
  life of6years                                                             
  Tradename—estimated useful life                                    8,000  
  of5years                                                                  
  Goodwill                                                         761,747  
  Operating lease right-of-use                                       8,130  
  assets                                                                    
  Property and equipment, net                                        1,897  
  Finance lease right-of-use                                        43,156  
  assets                                                                    
  Other assets                                                      16,791  
  Accounts payable, accrued                                                 
  liabilities                                                      -15,540  
  and other current liabilities                                             
  Deferred revenue                                                  -5,600  
  Operating lease liabilities                                       -8,130  
  Finance lease liabilities                                        -43,156  
  Deferred income tax liability                                    -65,473  
  Total purchase consideration        $                            967,817  
                                                                            
The Company initially recorded $ 1.6million of deferred tax assets and $
66.3million of deferred tax liabilities for the deferred tax effects
associated with the fair value of assets and liabilities assumed using the
applicable tax rates, with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill. During
the current year, the Company recognized a decrease of $ 0.8million to
deferred tax liabilities and an increase of $ 13.6million to deferred tax
assets related to measurement period adjustments, with a corresponding
adjustment to goodwill. The adjustments to the preliminary purchase price
allocation were the result of finalizing the analysis for the preliminary
purchase price allocation. Such measurement period adjustments are reflected
in the table above.

The above allocation of the purchase price is still provisional and subject
to change within the measurement period, including potential adjustments to
deferred tax balances as tax returns are finalized and as additional
information is received. The final allocation of the purchase price is
expected to be completed as soon as practicable, but no later than one year
from the date of the acquisition close.

The income approach was used to determine the preliminary fair value of the
customer relationships, developed technology and tradename. Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the preliminary fair value
of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition
date and is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected
synergies at the time of the acquisition. For tax purposes, an estimated tax
deductible goodwill of $ 692.5million was generated as a result of this
acquisition.

The Company’s consolidated statement of operations for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021 includes Adjust’s revenue of $ 77.9million and pre-
tax loss of $ 37.1million for the period from the acquisition date of April
20, 2021 to December 31, 2021.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro Forma
Information".

In May 2021, the convertible securities were converted into 6,320,688shares
of the Company's Class A common stock with a fair value of $ 342.2million.
As a result, the fair value of the convertible securities was reclassified
into the stockholders' equity.

Asset Acquisitions

In April 2021, the Company completed twoseparate transactions to acquire
certain mobile Apps from twoforeign-based independent mobile game developers
in exchange for an aggregate upfront cash consideration of $ 300.0million
and potential future earn-out payments. The Company incurred a total
transaction cost of $ 6.0million related to these transactions. Both
transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions with $ 306.0million
allocated to the acquired mobile Apps, which will be amortized over
approximately eight years. Concurrent with the closings of these
transactions,
                                     96                                     
Table of Contents
the Company entered into a development services agreement with each of the
independent mobile game developers to support the acquired mobile Apps, as
well as to develop new mobile Apps during the four-yearterm of the
agreement. With respect to the first transaction, the potential future earn-
out payments are contingent on the revenue generated by the acquired mobile
Apps exceeding a certain revenue threshold, which will be measured and
payable (if applicable) each year for four yearsfrom the date of the
transaction. With respect to the second transaction, the potential future
earn-out payments will be determined in a manner similar to the first
transaction, in addition to a potential one-time earn-out payment of $
50.0million contingent on the achievement of a certain monthly revenue
milestone within the four yearsfollowing the date of the transaction.

In June 2021, the Company acquired certain mobile Apps from a foreign-based
independent mobile game developer in exchange for an upfront cash
consideration of $ 130.0million and future earn-out payments. The Company
incurred a total transaction cost of $ 4.0million related to the
transaction. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with
$ 134.0million allocated to the acquired mobile Apps, which will be
amortized over nine years. Concurrent with the closing of the transaction,
the Company entered into a development services agreement with the
independent mobile game developer to support the acquired mobile Apps, as
well as to develop new mobile Apps during the four-yearterm of the
agreement. With respect to all initially acquired mobile Apps, the potential
future earn-out payments are contingent on the revenue and/or earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") generated
by the acquired mobile Apps exceeding certain thresholds.

In August 2021, the Company acquired certain mobile Apps from a foreign-
based independent mobile game developer in exchange for a total cash
consideration of $ 150.0million. The transaction was accounted for as an
asset acquisition with $ 150.0million allocated to the acquired mobile Apps,
which will be amortized over six years.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company also completed a number
of other asset acquisitions for an aggregate cash consideration of $
53.7million, as well as potential future earn-out payments that are
contingent on the revenue and/or profit generated by the acquired mobile
Apps.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized total earn-
out costs of $ 116.6million, of which $ 77.1million and $ 14.8million
related to asset acquisitions that were closed in 2020 and 2019,
respectively. These earn-out costs increased the book value of the acquired
mobile Apps, and are amortized over the remaining useful life of the
originally acquired mobile Apps.

In January 2021, the Company paid $ 60.0million to Recoded, an independent
foreign-based mobile game developer, in relation to a new mobile App
acquired in 2020. In February 2021, the Company paid an additional $
90.0million to Recoded related to deferred cash consideration for an asset
acquisition closed in 2019.

2020 Acquisitions
Business Combinations
Geewa —On January 31, 2020, the Company acquired Geewa A.S. (“Geewa”), a
privately held company specializing in mobile gaming. The transaction is
expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been accounted for
as a business combination. The Company purchased all of the outstanding
shares of the capital stock of Geewa for a total consideration of $
25.6million of which $ 23.5million was paid in cash and the unpaid balance
was attributed to a $ 2.1million indemnity holdback that will be paid in the
next 12months. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with
the acquisition, including professional fees, were $ 0.3million.

The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                                
  Cash                                               $   1,043  
  Accounts receivable and other current assets           1,457  
  Intangible assets                                             
  Apps—estimated useful life of5years                   17,040  
  Tradename—estimated useful life of5years                 260  
  Developed Technology—estimated useful life               590  
  of2years                                                      
  Property, equipment and other tangible assets            369  
  Goodwill                                               9,805  
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other       -4,935  
  liabilities                                                   
  Total purchase consideration                       $  25,629  
                                                                
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.
                                     97                                     
Table of Contents
Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effect
of the acquisition was not material to the consolidated statements of
operations.

Redemption Games —On April 6, 2020, the Company acquired Redemption Games,
Inc. (“Redemption Games”), a privately held company specializing in mobile
gaming. The transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio
and has been accounted for as a business combination. As part of the
transaction, the Company purchased 95.5% of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of Redemption Games for an aggregate total consideration of $
53.7million. Based on the consideration paid and the percent acquired, the
transaction implied a total value for Redemption of $ 56.2million.
Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with the
acquisition, including professional fees, were $ 0.6million. In November
2020, the Company increased its ownership in Redemption Games to 98.2% by
exchanging 2.7% of minority shares for the Company’s Class A common stock.
The difference between the $ 4.5million in fair value of the Class A common
stock issued and the $ 1.5million in fair value of the minority shares was
recognized as stock-based compensation in research and development expenses.

The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                        $    2,787  
  Accounts receivable, net                         1,850  
  Intangible Assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of5years             44,000  
  Tradename—estimated useful life of5years           900  
  Goodwill                                        20,198  
  Other tangible assets                              131  
  Accounts payable                                -2,492  
  Other liabilities                              -11,142  
  Total valuation                                 56,232  
  Redeemable noncontrolling interest              -2,556  
  Total purchase consideration                $   53,676  
                                                          
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because the effect
of the acquisition was not material.

Machine Zone, Inc. —On May 19, 2020, the Company acquired Machine Zone, Inc.
(“Machine Zone”), a privately held company specializing in mobile gaming.
The transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio and has
been accounted for as a business combination. The Company purchased all of
the outstanding shares of the capital stock of Machine Zone and settled all
Machine Zone debt for an aggregate acquisition price of $ 328.6million
comprising $ 287.1million cash paid to Machine Zone lenders, common stock
warrants issued to Machine Zone lenders and preferred stockholders with the
aggregate fair value of $ 38.2million and a settlement of the preexisting
accounts receivable balance of $ 3.3million. Transaction costs incurred by
the Company in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees,
were $ 2.8million.

As part of the Machine Zone acquisition the Company assumed an IP license
agreement with a third-party game content provider with future fixed
payments of $ 37.1million as of the acquisition date.
                                     98                                     
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                                  
  Cash                                               $    37,767  
  Accounts receivable and other current assets            27,284  
  Intangible assets                                               
  Tradename—estimated useful life of10years               13,000  
  Apps—estimated useful life of3—5years                  272,000  
  IP license—useful life of2years                         28,551  
  Goodwill                                                82,353  
  Right-of-use assets under operating leases             125,639  
  Property, equipment and other tangible assets           42,312  
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other        -81,591  
  liabilities                                                     
  Deferred revenue                                       -43,200  
  License obligations                                    -35,685  
  Operating lease liabilities                           -139,875  
  Total purchase consideration                       $   328,555  
                                                                  
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename. The
replacement cost approach was used to value the IP license asset. Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the
identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.

Contemporaneously with the closing of the acquisition, the Company exited
from one of Machine Zone’s real estate leases. The Company accounted for
this lease termination as a transaction separate from the business
combination since the lease termination was negotiated primarily for the
benefit of the combined entity; the Company was the party who directly
negotiated this lease amendment with the lessor; and such negotiation took
place contemporaneously with the negotiation of the business combination.
The Company decreased the operating lease right-of-use asset and operating
lease liability by $ 57.6million and $ 63.1million, respectively. The
Company also wrote-off $ 15.0million of leasehold improvements and other
assets related to this real estate lease. In connection with this
transaction the Company issued a common stock warrant with the fair value of
$ 0.4million.

The Company’s consolidated statements of operations include Machine Zone’s
revenue of $ 113.8million and pre-tax loss of $ 89.7million for the period
from the acquisition date of May 19, 2020 to December 31, 2020.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro Forma
Information".

Asset Acquisitions

Zenlife asset acquisition —In June 2020, the Company acquired certain mobile
Apps from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer in exchange for
an upfront cash consideration of $ 160.0million and future earn-out payments
for each of the four yearsfrom the date of the transaction based on the
excess, if any, of revenue generated by the initially acquired mobile App
for such year above the sum of (i) an annual fixed baseline revenue and (ii)
the aggregate earn-out payments made in prior years. The transaction was
accounted for as an asset acquisition with $ 173.3million allocated to the
acquired mobile Apps and $ 13.3million to deferred tax liability. The
recorded value of acquired mobile Apps is amortized over five years.
Additionally, the Company entered into a service and development agreement
with the independent mobile game developer to support the initially acquired
mobile Apps as well as to develop new mobile Apps during the four-yearterm
of the agreement. The Company is also required to make future earn-out
payments for newly developed mobile Apps determined under the similar
approach as for the initially acquired mobile Apps.

Athena asset acquisition —In November 2020, the Company acquired certain
mobile game Apps from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer in
exchange for upfront cash consideration of $ 110.0million, deferred cash
consideration of $ 20.0million due in the next 18months with an acquisition-
date fair value of $ 19.0million, a convertible security with a principal
amount of $ 40.0million and the acquisition date fair value of $
45.0million, and future earn-out payments for each of the four yearsfrom the
date of the transaction based on (i)(a) the revenue generated by the
initially acquired game Apps in excess of (b) a certain revenue threshold,
multiplied by (ii) a predetermined revenue multiple. The Company determined
that the convertible security represents predominantly a share-settled
obligation and recognized the instrument as a level 3 liability. For details
regarding the fair value measurement of and the accounting for the
convertible security, see Note 3. The transaction was accounted for as an
asset acquisition with $ 170.7million allocated to the acquired mobile game
Apps, $ 4.0million allocated to the acquired tradename, and the remaining $
0.7million allocated to deferred tax liability. The recorded value of
acquired mobile game Apps and tradename is amortized over 6years.
Additionally, the Company entered into a service and development agreement
with the independent mobile game developer to support the initially acquired
mobile game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps during the four-year
                                     99                                     
Table of Contents
term of the agreement. The Company is not required to make additional earn-
out payments for any new game Apps developed.

Other asset acquisitions—In March and April 2020, the Company completed
twoasset acquisitions to acquire twomobile Apps from twoseparate independent
foreign-based mobile game developers in exchange for an aggregate upfront
cash consideration of $ 35.0million and future earn-out payments. Both
transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions with $ 35.0million
allocated to the acquired mobile Apps, which will be amortized over threeand
five years. Additionally, the Company entered into service and development
agreements with the independent mobile game developers to support the
initially acquired mobile Apps as well as to develop new mobile Apps. With
respect to the first asset acquisition, future earn-out payments are based
on a predetermined percentage of revenue net of certain direct costs
generated by the initially acquired mobile App, or additional mobile Apps
developed under the service and development agreement, over the term of the
agreement, which is initially two years, but which may renew for an
additional two-yearterm. With respect to the second asset acquisition,
future earn-out payments for each of the four yearsfrom the date of the
transaction are based on (i)(a) the revenue generated by the initially
acquired mobile App and any additional mobile Apps developed under the
service and development agreement over the term of four yearsin excess of
(b) a baseline revenue threshold, multiplied by (ii) tiered revenue
multiples, up to a cumulative amount of $ 45.0million.

Modification of asset acquisition-related contingent consideration—In
September 2020, the Company amended the terms of an asset acquisition to
settle the acquisition holdback and the earn-out due to the sellers 12months
following the acquisition’s closing in 2019. Under the terms of the
amendment, the Company agreed to settle a $ 34.8million liability related to
an acquisition holdback and earn-out, with a combination of a cash payment
of $ 3.4million and the Company’s Class A common stock at the fair value of
$ 106.1million as of the settlement date, resulting in a $ 74.7million
extinguishment loss of the acquisition-related contingent consideration.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company also completed a number
of other asset acquisitions for an aggregate cash consideration of $
46.4million, substantially all of which was attributable to acquired mobile
game Apps .

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized total earn-
out costs of $ 38.8million, of which $ 31.9million related to asset
acquisitions that were closed in 2019. These earn-out costs increased the
book value of the acquired mobile Apps, and are amortized over the remaining
useful life of the originally acquired mobile Apps.
Supplemental Pro Forma Information
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information below presents the combined
historical results of operations of the Company, Machine Zone and Adjust for
each of the periods presented as if Adjust had been acquired as of January
1, 2020 and Machine Zone had been acquired as of January 1, 2019 (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                                Year Ended                                  
                              December 31,                                  
                                      2021            2020            2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue             $          2,829,060    $  1,625,476    $  1,332,476  
  Net income                        36,614        -179,415        -105,353  
  (loss)                                                                    
                                                                            
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above include the following
adjustments to net income (loss) in the appropriate pro forma periods (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                           Year Ended December                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2021          2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  An (increase) in                                                          
  amortization                                                              
  expense                                                                   
  related to the                                                            
  fair value of                                                             
  acquired                                                                  
  identifiable          $               -7,325    $  -48,006    $  -61,969  
  intangible assets,                                                        
  net of                                                                    
  the amortization                                                          
  expense already                                                           
  reflected in                                                              
  actual historical                                                         
  results                                                                   
  A net increase                                                            
  (decrease) in                                                             
  revenue               $                1,901    $   54,126    $  -61,928  
  related to fair                                                           
  value adjustment                                                          
  A decrease                                                                
  (increase) in                                                             
  expenses              $               14,115    $   -2,327    $        —  
  related to                                                                
  transaction                                                               
  expenses                                                                  
  An decrease                                                               
  (increase) in                                                             
  interest                                                                  
  expense related to                                                        
  new debt                                                                  
  financing,            $               -2,640    $   93,432    $  147,943  
  net of interest                                                           
  expense related to                                                        
  pre-existing debt                                                         
  settled as part of                                                        
  the                                                                       
  acquisitions                                                              
  A (decrease) in                                                           
  other income -                                                            
  liability             $                    —    $   -1,730    $   -9,040  
  classified                                                                
  warrants                                                                  
  An (increase) in      $               -1,381    $  -21,906    $   -3,305  
  tax provision                                                             
                                                                            
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information has been presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of results of
operations that would have been achieved had the acquisitions taken place on
the date indicated, or of the Company's future consolidated results of
operations. The supplemental pro forma information presented above has been
derived from the Company's historical consolidated financial statements and
from the historical accounting records of Adjust and Machine Zone .
                                    100                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  7.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets, Net                              
                                                                            
The following table presents goodwill activity (in thousands):
                                              
  December 31, 2019               $  137,121  
  Goodwill acquired                  112,356  
  Foreign currency translation           296  
  December 31, 2020               $  249,773  
  Goodwill acquired                  762,553  
  Foreign currency translation       -45,899  
  December 31, 2021               $  966,427  
                                              
                                                                            
                …                                                           
                …                                                           
                …                                                           
                …                                                           
                …                                                           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
         …                      …                      …                    
         …                      …                      …                    
         …                      …                                           
                                                                            
                …        $             …        $             …        $    
                …                      …                      —             
                …                      …                      …             
                …                      …                      …             
                …                      …                      …             
                …                      …                      …             
                …                      …                      …             
                                                                            
                …                      …                      …             
                …        $             …        $             …        $    
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, short-lived mobile Apps were included in
prepaid expenses and other current assets.
The Company recorded amortization expenses related to acquired intangible
assets as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                            Year Ended December                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2021          2020         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue        $              373,726    $  228,339    $  74,787  
  Sales and marketing                    22,661        11,587        7,641  
  Total                  $              396,387    $  239,926    $  82,428  
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2021, the expected future amortization expense related to
acquired intangible assets is estimated as follows (in thousands):
                              
  2022          $    339,254  
  2023               329,084  
  2024               320,537  
  2025               320,537  
  2026               313,223  
  Thereafter          88,336  
  Total         $  1,710,971  
                              
                                                                            
  8.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Leases                                                                    
                                                                            
The Company leases real estate property under operating leases. The Company
also leases networking equipment under arrangements with certain providers
of IT infrastructure services which were accounted as finance leases or
short-term operating leases.
                                    101                                     
Table of Contents
The Company’s leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate.
Therefore, the Company estimates its incremental borrowing rate to discount
the lease payments based on information available at lease commencement. The
Company determines its incremental borrowing rate based on the rate of
interest it would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with an
equal lease payment amount, over a similar term, and in a similar economic
environment.

Operating Leases —The Company has entered into various non-cancelable
operating leases primarily for our office facilities. The most significant
leases are related to the Company's corporate headquarters in Palo Alto,
California. As of December 31, 2021, the remaining lease terms varied from
2months to 8.2years. For certain leases the Company has an option to extend
the lease term for periods varying from 2to 5years. These renewal options
are not considered in the remaining lease term unless it is reasonably
certain that the Company will exercise such options. For leases with an
initial term greater than 12 months, the Company has recorded a right-of-use
asset and lease liability representing the fixed component of the lease
payments.

Further, the Company leases certain networking equipment, colocation space
and office space under lease arrangements with terms 12 months or less,
which are classified as short-term leases.
The table below presents the operating lease-related assets and liabilities
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                               Year Ended                                   
                             December 31,               Balance Sheet       
                                     2021       2020    Classification      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease                                       Operating lease     
  right-of-use                    $70,975    $84,336    right-of-use        
  assets                                                assets              
  Current operating               $18,392    $22,206    Operating lease     
  lease liabilities                                     liabilities         
  Non-current                                           Operating lease     
  operating lease                 $62,498    $71,755    liabilities,        
  liabilities                                           non-current         
  Weighted-average                                                          
  remaining term                      5.3        3.7                        
  (years)                                                                   
  Weighted-average                   5.0%       4.7%                        
  discount rate                                                             
                                                                            
The table below presents certain information related to the lease costs for
operating leases which are allocated to cost of revenue, sales and
marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                              Year Ended December                           
                                              31,                           
                                             2021         2020        2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease        $                 28,676    $  17,372    $  3,520  
  cost                                                                      
  Short-term lease                          9,683        8,196       3,231  
  cost                                                                      
  Variable lease cost                       7,862        2,147         479  
  Total lease cost       $                 46,221    $  27,715    $  7,230  
                                                                            
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease
liabilities was $ 25.5million, $ 23.8million and $ 3.2million for the years
ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Right-of-use assets
acquired under operating leases was $ 6.1million , $ 10.8million and $
7.4million for the years ended December 31, 2021 , 2020 and 2019,
respectively.

Finance Leases —The Company has entered into various non-cancelable finance
leases primarily for networking equipment with weighted average remaining
lease term of approximately 2.5years. The Company has recorded a right-of-
use asset and lease liability representing the fixed component of the lease
payments.
The table below presents the finance lease-related assets and liabilities
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                        Year Ended                                          
                      December 31,                          Balance Sheet   
                              2021             2020         Classification  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Finance                                                                   
  lease           $         44,575         $  5,067         Property and    
  right-of-use                                              equipment, net  
  assets                                                                    
  Current                                                                   
  finance         $         21,999         $  2,821         Accrued         
  lease                                                     liabilities     
  liabilities                                                               
  Non-current                                               Other           
  finance         $         24,085         $  2,340         non-current     
  lease                                                     liabilities     
  liabilities                                                               
  Weighted-av…                                                              
  remaining                         2.5              0.6                    
  term (years)                                                              
  Weighted-av…                                                              
  discount                     5.0    %         6.0    %                    
  rate                                                                      
                                                                            
The Company recognized depreciation expenses related to finance lease of
networking equipment of $ 17.8million, $ 8.4million and $ 5.5million for the
years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company
recognized interest expenses related to finance lease of networking
equipment of $ 1.5million, $ 0.3million, and $ 0.2million for the years
ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
                                    102                                     
Table of Contents
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance lease
liabilities was $ 15.3million, $ 9.7million and $ 5.9million for the years
ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

One of the Company’s 2020 acquired companies entered into a sublease
agreement in 2017. This agreement is with an unrelated third party to occupy
approximately 104,852square feet of the Company’s office space. We recorded
rent expense on a straight-line basis for the lease, net of sublease income.
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 we have the following
operating sublease information (in thousands):
                                                                        
                                  Year Ended December 31,               
                                                     2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Fixed sublease expense       $                    9,524    $   5,769  
  Variable sublease expense                         1,421          836  
  Sublease income                                  -9,421       -5,678  
  Variable sublease income                         -1,407         -836  
  Net Loss                     $                      117    $      91  
                                                                        
Undiscounted cash flow —The tables below reconcile the undiscounted cash
flows for each of the first five years and total of the remaining years to
the operating and finance lease liabilities recorded in the consolidated
balance sheets (in thousands):
                                                                            
                            As of December 31,                              
                                          2021                              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                     Operating       Finance         Total  
                                        Leases        Leases                
  2022                                  21,683        23,561        45,244  
  2023                                  15,143        15,163        30,306  
  2024                                  13,655         6,237        19,892  
  2025                                  13,648         2,885        16,533  
  2026                                  12,310           975        13,285  
  Thereafter                            15,365             —        15,365  
  Total lease                           91,804        48,821       140,625  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: amount                                                              
  representing                          10,914         2,737        13,651  
  interest                                                                  
  Present value of                                                          
  future lease                          80,890        46,084       126,974  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: current                                                             
  obligations under                     18,392        21,999        40,391  
  leases                                                                    
  Non-current lease     $               62,498    $   24,085    $   86,583  
  obligations                                                               
                                                                            
In addition, the Company will receive $ 5.5million and $ 0.6million of
sublease income from its real estate leases in 2022 and 2023 respectively.

As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any additional significant lease
that had not yet commenced.
                                                                            
  9.                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Credit Agreement                                                          
                                                                            
On August 15, 2018, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement which
provided for senior secured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $
820.0million ( the “Closing Term Loans”) and a revolving credit facility of
$ 50.0million.

On April 23, 2019, the Credit Agreement was amended to increase the senior
secured term loan facility by $ 400.0million, on terms identical to those
applicable to the Closing Term Loans (together with the Closing Term Loans,
the “Initial Term Loans”).

On April 27, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended to modify
certain negative covenants.

On May 6, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended (the “Third
Amendment”) to increase the senior secured term loan facility by an
additional $ 300.0million (the “Third Amendment Term Loans”).

On October 27, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended to increase
the aggregate principal amount of the revolving credit facility by an
additional $ 540.0million.

On November 30, 2020, the Company borrowed $ 150.0million under the
revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Loans”).

The Company is required under the Credit Agreement, as amended, to make
equal quarterly repayments of (i) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, $
3.1million, and (ii) with respect to the Third Amendment Term Loans, 0.25%
of the aggregate principal amount of the Third Amendment Term Loans made on
the effective date of the Third Amendment. The
                                    103                                     
Table of Contents
remaining principal amounts of the Initial Term Loans and the Third
Amendment Term Loans are due on August 15, 2025. With respect to the
Revolving Credit Loans, the principal amount is due on February 15, 2025.

The Initial Term Loans, the Third Amendment Term Loans and the Revolving
Credit Loans bear interest due on a quarterly basis at a rate equal to an
applicable margin plus, at the Company’s option, either (a) a base rate
equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate then in effect, (ii) the federal
funds rate, plus 0.50% and (iii) the LIBOR rate, plus 1.0% (the “base
rate”), or (b) an adjusted LIBOR rate (the “LIBOR rate”). The applicable
margin with respect to both the Initial Term Loans and the Third Amendment
Term Loans is equal to 3.5% in the case of LIBOR rate loans and 2.50% in the
case of base rate loans. The applicable margin with respect to the Revolving
Credit Loans is equal to 2.50% in the case of LIBOR rate loans and 1.50% in
the case of base rate loans. In addition, the applicable margins for the
Initial Term Loans, the Third Amendment Term Loans and the Revolving Credit
Loans are subject to a reduction of 0.25% upon the closing of an IPO and an
additional reduction of 0.25% based on the Company’s consolidated first lien
secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The Company determined that upon
issuance, the contingent interest adjustment feature, which reduces their
applicable margins upon the closing of an IPO, is an embedded derivative
that requires bifurcation and separate accounting as the feature is not
clearly and closely related to the host instrument. The Company determined
that the value of this embedded derivative was nominal as of the respective
issuance dates. The embedded derivative was recorded at fair value each
reporting period, with changes in fair value recorded in interest income and
other gains in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. No hedge
accounting treatment was applied. For details regarding the fair value
measurement of the embedded derivative, see Note 3.

On February 12, 2021, the Company further amended the Credit Agreement (the
"Fifth Amendment") to 1) increase the senior secured term loan facility by
an aggregate principal amount of $ 597.8million (the “Fifth Amendment Term
Loans”, and together with the "Initial Term Loans", the “New Initial Term
Loans”), on terms identical to those applicable to the existing Initial Term
Loans, the proceeds of which was partially used to repay in full the
outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest of the Third Amendment
Term Loans, totaling $ 298.2million, in accordance with the pre-existing
early redemption option in the Credit Agreement, and 2) increase the
aggregate principal amount of the revolving credit facility by an additional
$ 10.0million, on terms identical to those applicable to the existing
revolving credit facility. According to the amended Credit Agreement, the
Company is required to make equal quarterly repayments of $ 4.6million with
respect to the New Initial Term Loans. In connection with this amendment,
the Company paid $ 0.8million in fees to KKR Capital Markets, who is
affiliated with KKR Denali, one of the Company’s principal stockholders.

The Company evaluated the accounting for the Fifth Amendment Term Loans on a
creditor-by-creditor basis. For existing creditors who participated in the
Fifth Amendment Term Loans, the transaction was accounted for as a debt
modification because the present value of the cash flows between the two
debt instruments before and after the transaction was less than 10%. For new
creditors, the transaction was accounted for as an issuance of new debt. As
a result, $ 2.9million of the $ 3.5million third-party issuance costs
related to the modified debt was recorded in other income (expense), net on
the Company’s consolidated statements of operations, with the remaining $
0.6million related to the new debt recorded as a reduction to the carrying
amount of the Term Loans. In addition, the Company recorded $ 5.6million for
an embedded derivative related to the contingent interest adjustment feature
of the Fifth Amendment Term Loans, which was bifurcated and accounted for
separately as the feature is not clearly and closely related to the host
instrument. For details regarding the fair value measurement of the embedded
derivative, see Note 3. The debt discount, comprising of 1) the deferred
third-party issuance costs, 2) the bifurcated embedded derivative and 3) the
debt discount of the Initial Term Loans that were modified as part of the
amendment, is being amortized to interest expense using the effective
interest method over the remaining contractual term of the Term Loans.

The Company accounted for the early repayment of the Third Amendment Term
loans pursuant to the Fifth Amendment as a debt extinguishment. As a result,
the Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $ 16.9million during
the three months ended March 31, 2021, which was recorded in interest
expense and loss on extinguishment of debt on the Company’s condensed
consolidated statements of operations. The loss on debt extinguishment
consisted primarily of the unamortized original issue discount and debt
issuance cost.

On March 31, 2021, the Company drew down an additional $ 250.0million from
the Company’s $ 600.0million revolving credit facility. A lender under the
revolving credit facility is an affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal
stockholder of the Company. Following such draw down, the Company had an
aggregate amount of $ 400.0million outstanding under the revolving credit
facility, which was repaid in full with the net proceeds from the IPO in
April 2021.

After the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement, the applicable
margins for both the New Initial Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans
were reduced by 0.25% on April 16, 2021 in accordance with the pre-existing
terms of the Credit Agreement. As a result, the embedded derivative for the
contingent interest adjustment feature related to the New Initial Term Loans
was settled. The Company remeasured the embedded derivative to its fair
value of $ 17.8million on the settlement date by recording a gain of $
1.1million in other income (expense), net in the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations, and then reclassified it to the carrying amount of
the New Initial Term Loans as an additional debt discount. The new
unamortized discount balance is subsequently amortized using the new
effective interest rate determined on the settlement date of the embedded
derivative of 3.9%.
                                    104                                     
Table of Contents
On October 25, 2021, the Company further amended the Credit Agreement (the
"Sixth Amendment") to increase the senior secured term loan facility by an
aggregate principal amount of $ 1.50billion (the “Sixth Amendment Term
Loans”, and together with the "New Initial Term Loans", the “Term Loans”).
Under the terms of the amended Credit Agreement, the Sixth Amendment Term
Loans bear interest at a floating rate equal to, at the Company's option,
either (i) an adjusted LIBOR rate for a specified interest period plus an
applicable margin of 3.00% or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of
2.00%. The LIBOR rate applicable to the Sixth Amendment Term Loans is
subject to a “floor” of 0.50%. The Company is required to repay the Sixth
Amendment Term Loans in equal quarterly repayments commencing with the
fiscal quarter ending on June 30, 2022, a principal amount equal to 0.25% of
the aggregate outstanding principal amount on the effective date of the
Sixth Amendment or $ 3.8million, with the remaining principal amount of the
Sixth Amendment Term Loans due on October 25, 2028. The other terms and
conditions of the Sixth Amendment Term Loans are consistent with the term
loans outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Sixth
Amendment. In connection with this amendment, the Company paid $ 1.4million
in fees to KKR Capital Markets, who is affiliated with KKR Denali, one of
the Company’s principal stockholders. The Company accounted for the Sixth
Amendment Term Loans as an issuance of new debt. Accordingly, the total debt
discount and third-party debt issuance costs of $ 15.7million was recorded
as a reduction to the carrying amount of the Sixth Amendment Term Loans,
which is being amortized over its contractual term at an effective interest
rate of 3.7%.

The Credit Agreement requires the Company to prepay, subject to certain
exceptions, the term loan with:

• 100% of net cash proceeds above a threshold amount of certain asset sales,
certain debt incurrences and casualty events, subject to, in the case of
asset sales, casualty events, and sale leasebacks, (i) step-downs to (x) 50%
if the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA
ratio is less than or equal to 3.50to 1.00, but greater than 2.50to 1.00 and
(y) 0% if the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated
EBITDA ratio is less than or equal to 2.50to 1.00, and (ii) reinvestment
rights and certain other exceptions;

• 50% of annual excess cash flow above a threshold amount, subject to (i) a
step-down to 25% if the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to
consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or equal to 4.00to 1.00, but greater
than 3.50to 1.00, and (ii) a step-down to 0% if the Company’s first lien net
leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.50to 1.00; provided that such
prepayment is required only in the amount (if any) by which such prepayment
exceeds $ 10million in such fiscal year. The amount of excess cash flow is
subject to certain deductions and exceptions, including a dollar-for-dollar
reduction based on the amount of voluntary prepayments of term loans and
loans under the revolving credit facility (to the extent accompanied by a
permanent commitment reduction); and

• 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain other debt incurrences.

The Company is permitted to voluntarily prepay or repay outstanding loans
under the Revolving Credit Facility or Term Loans at any time, in whole or
in part, subject to prior written notice, minimum amount requirements, and
customary “breakage” costs with respect to LIBOR rate loans. Amounts prepaid
under the Revolving Credit Facility may subsequently be reborrowed.

The Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by
substantially all of the assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiary
guarantors (other than customarily excluded assets).

The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants,
including covenants limiting the ability of AppLovin and its restricted
subsidiaries to, among other things, incur debt, grant liens, undergo
certain fundamental business changes, make investments, pay-out dividends to
third parties, dispose of assets, and enter into transactions with
affiliates, in each case, subject to limitations and exceptions set forth in
the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of
default that include, among other things, certain payment defaults, cross
defaults to other indebtedness, covenant defaults, change of control
defaults, judgment defaults, and bankruptcy and insolvency defaults. If an
event of default exists, the lenders may require the immediate payment of
all obligations under the Credit Agreement and may exercise certain other
rights and remedies provided for under the Credit Agreement, the other loan
documents and applicable law. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was in
compliance with all of the covenants.
                                    105                                     
Table of Contents
The following table presents the amount of interest expense recognized
relating to the contractual interest coupon, amortization of the debt
discount and issuance costs, and loss on debt extinguishment with respect to
the Company's Term Loans, for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and
2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                             Year Ended December                            
                                             31,                            
                                            2021         2020         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Contractual            $                70,882    $  58,810    $  65,859  
  interest coupon                                                           
  Amortization of                                                           
  debt discount and                        7,442        7,319        4,754  
  issuance costs                                                            
  Loss on debt                            16,852            —            —  
  extinguishment                                                            
  Total interest                                                            
  expense from Term      $                95,176    $  66,129    $  70,613  
  Loans                                                                     
                                                                            
The aggregate future maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2021
are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                    
  2022                                     $     25,810             
  2023                                                      33,310  
  2024                                                      33,310  
  2025                                                   1,736,094  
  2026                                                      15,000  
  Thereafter                                             1,428,750  
  Total outstanding term loan principal    $  3,272,274             
  Unaccreted discount and debt issuance         -44,630             
  costs                                                             
  Total debt                               $  3,227,644             
  Less: short-term debt                                     25,810  
  Long-term debt                           $  3,201,834             
                                                                    
                                                                            
  10.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Derivative Instruments                                                    
                                                                            
The Company manages exposure to market risk associated with fluctuating
interest rates with the use of interest rate derivative financial
instruments, namely interest rate swaps. The Company does not use
derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. On November 14, 2018, the
Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement as part of its interest
rate risk management strategy in connection with the term loan (See Note 9).
The notional amount for the swap was $ 410.0million. The swap was a receive-
variable (one-month LIBOR) and pay-fixed ( 2.9065%) interest rate swap,
which expired on December 31, 2020, with settlement date commencing on the
last calendar day of each month and reset date on first day of each month
beginning December 31, 2018.

The Company applied the hedge accounting provisions of the critical terms
match hedge, and formally documented at inception all relationships between
hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management
objectives and strategies for undertaking the various hedges. The critical
terms of the swap and hedged item coincided (notional amount, interest rate
reset dates, interest rate payment dates, and underlying index), the hedge
was expected to offset changes in expected cash flows due to fluctuations in
one-month LIBOR over the term of the hedge. Therefore, the effectiveness of
the hedge relationship was assessed each quarter by comparing the current
terms of the swap and the debt to assure they continued to coincide and
through an evaluation of the continued ability of the counterparty to the
swap to honor its obligations under the swap. Had the critical terms no
longer matched exactly, hedge effectiveness (both prospective and
retrospective) would have to be assessed by evaluating the cumulative
dollar-offset ratio for the actual derivative and the hedged item.

Unrealized changes in the fair value of derivatives accounted for as a
critical term match hedge were reported in other comprehensive income (loss)
and subsequently reclassified to earnings in the same period or periods
during which the hedged forecasted transaction affected earnings. For the
years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company recognized nil, $
9.5million and $ 2.7million, respectively, of realized loss related to the
hedged transactions that were recorded in interest expense. The interest
rate swap contract expired on December 31, 2020 and the settlement value of
the interest rate swap liability was reclassified to earnings. The Company
had no such interest rate derivative financial instruments during the year
ended December 31, 2021.
                                    106                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  11.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Convertible Preferred Stock                                               
                                                                            
On July 13, 2018, the Company signed an agreement with KKR Denali for a $
400.0million equity investment by KKR Denali. Pursuant to such agreement, on
August 15, 2018, the Company issued 109,090,908shares of Series A Preferred
Stock to KKR Denali in exchange for their investment.

Prior to the filing of the IPO Certificate, the Company’s Restated
Certificate of Incorporation designated and authorized 109,090,908shares of
Series A Preferred Stock, $ 0.00003par value per share, of the Company.

The holders of Series A convertible preferred stock had various rights and
preferences as follows:

Voting— Each share of convertible preferred stock had voting rights equal to
an equivalent number of shares of common stock into which it was convertible
and votes together as one class with the common stock, except as below:

Holders of Series A convertible preferred stock, voting together as a single
class on an as-converted basis, were entitled to certain protective
provisions which required a majority of holders of preferred stock to
approve, among other actions, a liquidation event, an amendment, waiver, or
repeal of provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws in a way that adversely affects the rights, privileges and
obligations of the preferred stock, a change to the number of directors of
the Company, and a declaration or payment of any dividend.

Holders of Series A convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class,
were entitled to elect two members to the Company’s Board of Directors (the
“Board”). Holders of common stock, voting as a separate class, were entitled
to elect five members to the Board. Holders of common stock and preferred
stock, voting together as a single class on an as converted basis, were
entitled to elect all remaining directors.

Dividends— The holders of Series A convertible preferred stock were entitled
to receive, out of any funds legally available, dividends on a pari-passu
basis to any dividends paid on the common stock, as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations, and similar
transactions, when, and if declared by the Board. No dividends have been
declared or paid on the Company’s preferred stock.

Liquidation Preference— In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or
winding-up of the Company, the holders of preferred stock were entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of the assets or funds
of the Company to the holders of the common stock, an amount equal to the
issuance price per share of $ 3.67for Series A convertible preferred stock,
as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations, and similar transactions, plus any declared but unpaid
dividends (the “Liquidation Preference”). If the Company had insufficient
assets to permit payment of the Liquidation Preference in full to all
holders of preferred stock, then the assets of the Company would be
distributed ratably to the holders of preferred stock in proportion to the
Liquidation Preference such holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

After payment of the Liquidation Preference to the holders of preferred
stock, the remaining assets of the Company would be distributed ratably to
the holders of common stock. If the holders of preferred stock would have
been entitled to a larger distribution had they converted their shares to
common stock, then the preferred stock would be deemed to have converted to
common stock.

Redemption— Series A convertible preferred stock were not redeemable.

Conversion— Each share of preferred stock was convertible at the option of
the holder, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into
shares of Class A common stock as determined by dividing the original
purchase price of preferred stock by the conversion price in effect at the
time of conversion for such series of preferred stock. The conversion price
per share of Series A convertible preferred stock was $ 3.67. The conversion
ratio for convertible preferred stock was one-to-one.

Each share of preferred stock would automatically be converted into shares
of common stock at the then-effective conversion rate of such shares upon
the earlier of (i) the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public
offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of common
stock of the Company to the public not less than $ 75.0million or (ii) the
consent of holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding shares of
preferred stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with the IPO,
if (a) the price per share of common stock sold to the public in such IPO as
set forth on the cover of the Company’s final prospectus (prior to
underwriting discounts and expenses) (the “IPO Price”) would be less than
the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock prior to giving effect
to this provision, then the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock
would be adjusted downward to an amount equal to the IPO Price (the “IPO
Conversion Price Adjustment”) and the Conversion Price of the Series A
preferred stock as so adjusted would be used to determine the number of
shares of Class A common stock to be received by the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock upon conversion of the Series A preferred stock in
connection with the IPO. The IPO Conversion Price Adjustment, if any, would
occur as of immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Company’s
registration statement for such IPO.
                                    107                                     
Table of Contents
Anti-Dilution Protection —Series A convertible preferred stock had
antidilution protection. If the antidilution protection for the preferred
stock would be triggered, the conversion price would be subject to a broad-
based weighted-average adjustment to reduce dilution.

IPO Conversion

Upon the filing and effectiveness of the IPO Certificate, all shares of
Series A convertible preferred stock then outstanding automatically
converted into the equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock.

The Company’s IPO Certificate authorizes the issuance of undesignated
preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights,
designated from time to time by the Board. As of December 31, 2021 there
were noshares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
                                                                            
  12.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Common Stock                                                              
                                                                            
Following the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement, the Company
filed its IPO Certificate. The IPO Certificate authorizes a total of
1,500,000,000shares of Class A common stock, 200,000,000shares of Class B
common stock, and 150,000,000shares of Class C common stock. As of December
31, 2021 the Company had twoclasses of outstanding common stock: 296,426,738
shares of Class A common stock and 78,662,622shares of Class B common stock.

The rights of the holders of all classes of stock pursuant to the IPO
Certificate are as follows:

The rights of the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and
Class C common stock (referred to together as the “common stock”) are
identical, except with respect to voting and conversion.

Voting Rights

Holders of the Class A common stock are entitled to onevote for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders of the
Class B common stock are entitled to 20votes for each share held on all
matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, and holders of the Class C
common stock are not entitled to vote on any matter that is submitted to a
vote of stockholders, except as otherwise required by law. The holders of
the Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a
single class, unless otherwise required by law. Under the IPO Certificate,
approval of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
the Class B common stock voting as a separate class will be required to
increase the number of authorized shares of the Class B common stock. In
addition, Delaware law could require either holders of the Class A common
stock, the Class B common stock, or the Class C common stock to vote
separately as a single class in the following circumstances:

• if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate to increase or
decrease the par value of a class of stock, then that class would be
required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment; and

• if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate in a manner that
alters or changes the powers, preferences or special rights of a class of
stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would
be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment.

Until the date on which the final conversion of all outstanding shares of
Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of the IPO Certificate occurs,
approval of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock voting as a separate class will be required to amend or
modify any provision of the IPO Certificate inconsistent with, or otherwise
alter, any provision of the IPO Certificate to modify the voting,
conversion, or other rights, powers, preferences, privileges, or
restrictions of the Company’s Class B common stock.

Upon the closing of the IPO, the Class B Stockholders held all of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B common stock. The Class B
Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement (the “Voting Agreement”)
whereby all Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their
respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as
determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which
must be Mr. Foroughi).

Dividend Rights

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock
outstanding at the time, the holders of the Company’s common stock will be
entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if the
Company’s Board, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then
only at the times and in the amounts that the Company’s Board may determine.

No Preemptive or Similar Rights
                                    108                                     
Table of Contents
The Company’s common stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights, and is
not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions.

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions

If the Company becomes subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up,
the assets legally available for distribution to the Company’s stockholders
would be distributable ratably among the holders of the Company’s common
stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time,
subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and
the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if
any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock.

Conversion of Class B Common Stock

Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option
of the holder into oneshare of Class A common stock. Following the closing
of the IPO, shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into
shares of Class A common stock upon sale or transfer except for certain
transfers described in the IPO Certificate, including transfers for estate
planning, transfers among KKR Denali and its affiliates, or other transfers
among the Class B Stockholders. Withdrawal from the Voting Agreement
constitutes a transfer.

Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into oneshare
of Class A common stock upon the date fixed by the Company’s Board that is
no less than 61days and no more than 180days following the date on which (i)
the Voting Agreement is terminated or (ii) Adam Foroughi is no longer
involved with the Company as a member of the Board or as an executive
officer.

Conversion of Class C Common Stock

After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock, all outstanding
shares of Class C common stock will convert automatically into Class A
common stock, on a share-for-share basis, on the date or time specified by
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock,
voting as a separate class.

Warrant —On January 3, 2019, AppLovin entered into a Warrant Transfer
Agreement with Applovin Holdings LLC granting the transfer of the common
stock warrant issued in connection with prior debt financing to Angel Pride
Holdings Limited and Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership in the amount of
26,021,583shares and 8,794,734shares of Class A common stock, respectively.
Subsequently, Angel Pride Holding Limited and Hontai App Fund Limited
Partnership exercised their rights to purchase the Company’s Class A common
stock and each paid $ 868and $ 293, respectively.
                                    109                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  13.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Stock-based Compensation                                                  
                                                                            
Following the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, the Company
maintains the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2021 Partner Studio Incentive
Plan and the ESPP, all of which were adopted by the Board and approved by
its stockholders.

2021 Equity Incentive Plan

The 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”) provides for the grant of
restricted stock units ("RSUs"), incentive stock options (“ISOs”),
nonqualified stock options (“NSOs”), restricted stock, stock appreciation
rights ("SARs"), performance units, and performance shares to the Company’s
employees, directors, consultants and other service providers. The total
shares of the Company’s Class A common stock that were initially reserved
for issuance under the 2021 Plan was 39,000,000, and provides for for an
annual increase of shares, equal to the least of (a) 39,000,000shares, (b)
five percent ( 5%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of the Company’s
common stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or
(c) such other amount as the Company’s Board may determine. Immediately
prior to the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, the Company's 2011 Equity
Incentive Plan (the "2011 Plan") was terminated. All outstanding awards
under the 2011 Plan continue to be governed by their existing terms, and
options cancelled under the 2011 Plan are added to the option pool available
under the 2021 Plan.

2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan

The 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan (the “2021 Partner Plan”) provides
for the grant of RSUs, ISOs, NSOs, SARs, performance units, and performance
shares to individuals or entities engaged by the Company or a parent or
subsidiary of the Company to render bona fide services to the party engaging
such individual or entity. A total of 390,000shares of the Company’s Class A
common stock are reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Partner Plan.

Following the IPO, the Company has only granted RSUs under the 2021 Plan and
2021 Partner Plan. RSU grants included service-based vesting condition that
generally approximates 4years. A summary of RSUs activity is as follows: (in
thousands, except per share data):
                                                                            
                                            Weighted                        
                          Number of          Average                        
  Balances at            Restricted       Grant Date             Aggregate  
  December 31,          Stock Units       Fair Value       Intrinsic Value  
  2020                            —                —                     —  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Granted                 7,575,963    $       60.18                        
  Vested                   -126,234            62.15                        
  Cancelled                -126,325            59.92                        
  Balances at                                                               
  December 31,            7,323,404    $       60.15    $          690,304  
  2021                                                                      
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2021, there was $ 375.9million of unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested employee RSUs. This amount is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.7years. The fair value
as of the respective vesting dates of RSUs that vested during the year ended
December 31, 2021 was $ 11.9million.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The ESPP permits participants to purchase shares of the Company’s Class A
common stock through contributions of up to 15% of their eligible
compensation.The ESPP provides for consecutive, overlapping 24-month
offering periods, during which the contributed amount by the participant
will be used to purchase shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at the
end of each 6-month purchase period with the purchase price of the shares
being 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the Company’s Class A
common stock on the first day of an offering period or on the exercise date.
A participant may purchase a maximum of 590shares of the Company’s Class A
common stock during a purchase period. Participants may end their
participation at any time during an offering and will be paid their accrued
contributions that have not yet been used to purchase shares. Participation
ends automatically upon termination of employment with the Company.

A total of 7,800,000shares of the Company’s Class A common stock are
reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares of the Company’s
Class A common stock that will be available for sale under the ESPP, and
provides for an annual increase of shares, equal to the least of: (a)
7,800,000shares, (b) one percent ( 1%) of the outstanding shares of all
classes of the Company’s common stock as of the last day of the immediately
preceding fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as the Company’s board of
directors may determine. The initial offering period is from April 15, 2021
through November 19, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
42,303shares of Class A common stock have been purchased under the ESPP.
                                    110                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                                    Year Ended December 31,        
                                                       2021        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected term                             1.25  
  Expected volatility                                    44     %  
  Risk-free interest rate                              0.17     %  
  Dividend yield                                          0     %  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2021, total unrecognized compensation cost related to the
ESPP was $ 5.6million, which will be amortized over a period of 0.9years.

2011 Equity Incentive Plan

The Company’s 2011 Plan provides for the grant of stock options to
employees, directors, consultants, and service providers of the Company.
Options under the 2011 Plan may be granted for periods of up to 10years and
generally vest over four years. As noted above, immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, the 2011 Plan was terminated, and no further
awards will be granted thereunder. All outstanding awards under the 2011
Plan continue to be governed by their existing terms, and options cancelled
under the 2011 Plan are added to the option pool available under the 2021
Plan.

Stock Options —During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the
Company granted stock options to purchase 263,200, 13,158,430and
12,199,200shares of common stock, with a weighted-average grant date stock
fair value of $ 48.14, $ 15.94and $ 1.97per share, respectively.

The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock
options granted are as follows:
                                                                            
                              Year Ended                                    
                            December 31,  2021          2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average                        5.21          5.94          6.05  
  expected term                                                             
  Expected volatility                 43     %      39     %      43     %  
  Risk-free interest                0.48     %    0.56     %    1.91     %  
  rate                                                                      
  Dividend yield                       0     %       0     %       0     %  
                                                                            
The Company’s stock options activity under the 2011 Plan was as follows:
                                                                            
                                             Weighted    Weighted           
                                              Average    Average            
                                             Exercise    Remaining          
                            Number of       Price Per    Contractual        
                              Options           Share    Term (Years)       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at December     28,889,524    $       5.92                  8.8  
  31, 2020                                                                  
  Granted                     263,200           27.03                       
  Exercised                -8,947,563            5.40                       
  Forfeited                -1,411,457            6.42                       
  Expired                    -390,000            7.45                       
  Balances at December     18,403,704    $       6.39                  7.9  
  31, 2021                                                                  
  Vested and                                                                
  exercisable at           12,030,363    $       5.87                  7.8  
  December 31,                                                              
  2021                                                                      
  Vested and expected                                                       
  to vest at December      16,696,145    $       6.63                  8.0  
  31, 2021                                                                  
                                                                            
The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2021
and 2020, was $ 1.62billion and $ 1.83billion, respectively. As of December
31, 2021 there was approximately $ 70.1million of total unrecognized
compensation costs related to unvested options granted, which is expected to
be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of 2.3years. The
total intrinsic value of share options exercised during the years ended
December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 was $ 622.1million , $ 33.8million and $
1.8million , respectively.

Early Exercise of Stock Options —Subject to the Board’s approval, the Plan
allows for the early exercise of options granted. Under the terms of the
Plan, option holders, upon early exercise, must sign a restricted stock
purchase agreement that gives the Company the right to repurchase any
unvested shares, at the original exercise price, in the event the optionees’
employment terminates for any reason. The right to exercise options before
they are vested does not change existing vesting schedules in any way and
the early exercised options may not be sold or transferred before they are
vested. The repurchase right lapses over time as the shares vest at the same
rate as the original option vesting
                                    111                                     
Table of Contents
schedule. The cash amounts received in exchange for these early exercised
shares are recorded as a liability on the accompanying balance sheets and
reclassified into common stock and additional paid-in-capital as the shares
vest. The Company’s right to repurchase these shares lapses by 1/4th of the
shares on the one-yearanniversary of the vesting start date and ratably each
month over the next 36-months.

The Company has 486,999shares and 19,800shares of Class A common stock
subject to repurchase as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The
liability for the repurchase as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 included in
accrued liabilities was $ 1.4million and $ 0.1million, respectively.

During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company
provided financing to certain employees in the form of promissory notes to
early exercise stock options. These promissory notes are partially
collateralized by shares and in-substance are nonrecourse. For accounting
purposes, exercised options via nonrecourse promissory notes are not
substantive and are continued to be treated as options. In February 2021,
promissory notes issued to executive officers in the amount of $ 20.9million
were settled through either share repurchase, in the amount of $
17.2million, or cash payment, in the amount of $ 3.7million. In connection
with the repurchase of shares, the Company accelerated vesting of
60,968shares of Class A common stock for one of the Company’s officers. The
acceleration of vesting was accounted as an option modification with an
immaterial impact to the stock-based compensation expense.

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had 2,884,999and
8,022,499shares of Class A common stock options, respectively, that were
exercised via nonrecourse promissory notes of which 663,856and
4,136,677shares, respectively, were unvested and subject to repurchase. The
principal balances of nonrecourse promissory notes outstanding amounted to $
15.1million and $ 40.4million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively.

Restricted Stock —Restricted stock awards are classified as equity awards
based on the requirements established by the applicable accounting rules for
stock-based compensation. The fair value of the restricted stock awards was
determined based on the price of the Company’s valuation on the date of
grant as approved by the Company’s board of directors.

The Company has historically granted restricted stock awards to certain
employees. Restricted stock award activity for the periods presented herein
has not been material. As of December 31, 2021 there was $ 0.3million of
total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock
awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 0.7years.
The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense for all equity
awards for the periods indicated as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                             Year Ended December                            
                                             31,                            
                                            2021         2020         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue        $                 2,335    $     982    $     124  
  Sales and marketing                     15,224       10,668        1,922  
  Research and                            63,344       36,852        5,009  
  development                                                               
  General and                             52,274       13,885        3,167  
  administrative                                                            
  Total stock-based                                                         
  compensation           $               133,177    $  62,387    $  10,222  
  expense                                                                   
                                                                            
For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 total stock-based
compensation expense included $ 1.2million, $ 0.9million and nilassociated
with awards that may be settled with one of the Company’s subsidiaries,
respectively.
                                    112                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  14.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Net Income (Loss) Per Share                                               
                                                                            
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net
income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders for the years
ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (in thousands,except share and per
share data):
                                                                            
                            Year Ended                                      
                          December 31,                                      
                                  2021              2020              2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  BASIC EPS                                                                 
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income        $           35,446    $     -125,187    $      119,040  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to convertible                -3,209                 —           -39,500  
  preferred                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to options                      -387                 —            -1,088  
  exercises                                                                 
  by promissory                                                             
  notes                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to unvested                      -95                 —               -39  
  early                                                                     
  exercised                                                                 
  options                                                                   
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                     -52                 —            -2,037  
  to unvested                                                               
  RSA's                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $           31,703    $     -125,187    $       76,376  
  to common                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Denominator:                                                              
  Weighted-aver…                                                            
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net            324,836,076       214,936,545       210,937,147  
  income (loss)                                                             
  per share:                                                                
  Basic                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share             $             0.10    $        -0.58    $         0.36  
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stock: Basic                                                              
  DILUTED EPS                                                               
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income        $           35,446    $     -125,187    $      119,040  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to convertible                -3,058                 —           -39,329  
  preferred                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to options                      -369                 —            -1,083  
  exercises                                                                 
  by promissory                                                             
  notes                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to unvested                      -91                 —               -39  
  early                                                                     
  exercised                                                                 
  options                                                                   
  Income                                                                    
  attributable                     -49                 —            -2,028  
  to unvested                                                               
  RSA's                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable      $           31,879    $     -125,187    $       76,561  
  to common                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Denominator:                                                              
  Weighted-aver…                                                            
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net            324,836,076       214,936,545       210,937,147  
  income (loss)                                                             
  per share:                                                                
  Basic                                                                     
  Weighted-aver…                                                            
  dilutive stock                                                            
  options,                  17,927,556                 —         1,428,282  
  RSUs, and                                                                 
  convertible                                                               
  security                                                                  
  Weighted-aver…                                                            
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net            342,763,632       214,936,545       212,365,429  
  income (loss)                                                             
  per share:                                                                
  Diluted                                                                   
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share             $             0.09    $        -0.58    $         0.36  
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stock: Diluted                                                            
                                                                            
The following table presents the forms of antidilutive potential common
shares:
                                                                            
                             Year Ended Year                                
                          Ended December 31,                                
                                        2021           2020           2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Convertible                              —    109,090,908    109,090,908  
  preferred stock                                                           
  Stock options                                                             
  exercised for                    2,884,999      8,022,499      5,760,000  
  promissory                                                                
  notes                                                                     
  Early exercised                    487,000         19,800         11,337  
  stock options                                                             
  Unvested RSAs                      181,737      1,236,771      3,924,414  
  Stock options                            —     20,754,985      7,439,700  
  Unvested RSU                       291,093              —              —  
  ESPP                               246,246              —              —  
  Total antidilutive                                                        
  potential common                 4,091,075    139,124,963    126,226,359  
  shares                                                                    
                                                                            
The table above does not include the convertible security issued in 2020. T
he sellers converted the convertible security in 2021 following the
completion of the Company's IPO.
                                    113                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  15.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Income Taxes                                                              
                                                                            
Net income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2021,
2020 and 2019, includes the following components (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                   Year Ended                               
                                 December 31,                               
                                         2021           2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  U.S.                  $             193,161    $  -118,296    $  149,797  
  Foreign                            -146,850        -17,410       -23,563  
  Net income (loss)     $              46,311    $  -135,706    $  126,234  
  before income tax                                                         
                                                                            
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years ended December 31,
2021, 2020 and 2019 consist of the following (in thousands)
                                                                            
                           Year Ended December                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2021          2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current:                                                                  
  Federal               $               64,585    $   20,162    $   23,703  
  State                                 10,234         4,087         1,888  
  Foreign                                1,914         4,027           568  
                                        76,733        28,276        26,159  
  Deferred:                                                                 
  Federal                              -52,162       -29,235          -720  
  State                                 -2,394        -4,800           -99  
  Foreign                              -11,204        -4,013       -18,146  
                                       -65,760       -38,048       -18,965  
  Total provision                                                           
  for (benefit from)    $               10,973    $   -9,772    $    7,194  
  income taxes.                                                             
                                                                            
The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to the effective
income tax rate is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                   Years ended                              
                                  December 31,                              
                                          2021          2020          2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax provision                                                             
  (benefit) at U.S.     $                9,725    $  -28,498    $   26,509  
  federal                                                                   
  statutory rate                                                            
  State income                                                              
  taxes, net of                          1,866        -1,137         1,412  
  federal                                                                   
  benefit                                                                   
  Foreign income                                                            
  taxed at different                    10,563         8,710         2,887  
  rates                                                                     
  Change in foreign                          —        -6,038       -17,143  
  deferred tax rate                                                         
  Stock-based                           -8,807        10,347         1,671  
  compensation                                                              
  Foreign-derived                      -10,477        -3,518        -8,600  
  intangible income                                                         
  Research and                                                              
  development                           -6,193        -2,561        -1,025  
  credits                                                                   
  Extinguishments of                                                        
  acquisition-relat…                         —        12,237             —  
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Foreign Income                        -2,622             —             —  
  Inclusion                                                                 
  Change in                                                                 
  valuation                             15,905             —             —  
  allowance                                                                 
  Other                                  1,013           686         1,483  
  Total provision                                                           
  for (benefit from)    $               10,973    $   -9,772    $    7,194  
  income taxes                                                              
                                                                            
In August 2019, the Company acquired certain mobile game apps from an entity
based in Cyprus. A deferred tax liability was created due to basis
differences of assets acquired. In December 2019, pursuant to a year-end
restructuring, the Company changed the tax residency of the operations
related to the mobile game apps acquired. Accordingly, the deferred tax
liability associated with basis differences in Cyprus was reduced by $
17.1million.
                                    114                                     
Table of Contents
The following summarizes the current and deferred tax assets and liabilities
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          As of December 31,                
  Deferred tax assets:                                  2021          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued expenses and reserves        $               6,374    $    4,757  
  Stock-based compensation                            14,651         1,955  
  Tax credit carryforwards                             4,835         2,526  
  Net operating loss                                  12,042         3,787  
  Identified intangibles                                   —         8,996  
  Operating lease liability                           16,622        20,551  
  Other comprehensive income                          16,251             —  
  Foreign tax deduction                               12,363             —  
  Other                                                2,247          -256  
  Valuation allowance                                -18,842          -531  
  Total deferred tax assets                           66,543        41,785  
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                 
  Depreciation and amortization                       -5,433        -6,857  
  Identified intangibles                              -6,049             —  
  Operating lease right-of-use                       -16,622       -20,345  
  assets                                                                    
  Total deferred tax liabilities                     -28,104       -27,202  
  Net deferred tax assets                             38,439        14,583  
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has federal net operating loss
carryforwards of $ 13.7million and $ 19.6million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. The net operating losses are not subject to
expiration. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has federal tax
credit carryforwards of $ 0.9million and $ 0.9million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to expire
in 2035. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has federal capital loss
carryforward of $ 4.7million to reduce future capital gains. The capital
loss carryforward will expire in 2026.

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has California net operating
loss carryforwards of $ 8.8million and $ 9.2million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. The net operating losses will begin to expire in
2037. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has California tax
credit carryforwards of $ 9.5million and $ 4.8million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards are not subject to
expiration. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company has Texas tax
credit carryforwards of $ 0.2million and $ 0.3million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to expire
in 2040.

The valuation allowance on the Company's net deferred tax assets increased
by $ 18.3million, $ 0.5million and nilduring the years ended December 31,
2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

In assessing the realizability of the Company’s deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management’s assessment is based on the
weight of available evidence, including cumulative losses since inception
and expected future losses and as such, management believes it is more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. As of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company maintained a valuation allowance
with respect to certain of its deferred tax assets relating primarily to
certain state tax credits and operating losses in certain non-U.S.
jurisdictions that we believe are not likely to be realized.

Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 382 places a limitation on the amount of
taxable income that can be offset by net operating loss carryforwards and
tax credits after a greater than 50% change in control in ownership;
California has similar rules. The Company’s capitalization described herein
may have resulted in such a change. Utilization of the net operating loss
carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations under IRC Section 382 and
similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration
of the net operating loss carryforwards before utilization.

The Company has not provided U.S. income or foreign withholding taxes on the
undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as of December 31, 2021
and 2020, because it intends to permanently reinvest such earnings outside
of the U.S. If these foreign earnings were to be repatriated in the future,
the related U.S. tax liability will be immaterial, due to the participation
exemption put in place in the Tax Act.
                                    115                                     
Table of Contents
Uncertain Tax Positions
The following table summarizes the activity related to the gross
unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands):
                                                                            
                               As of December 31,                           
                                             2021         2020        2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance at beginning      $              14,401    $   6,646    $  2,858  
  of year                                                                   
  Increases related to                                                      
  prior year                                5,027        4,681       2,377  
  positions                                                                 
  Increases related to                                                      
  current year                              2,631        3,498       1,581  
  positions                                                                 
  Decreases related to                       -172         -424        -170  
  lapse of statutes                                                         
  Decreases related to                     -3,431            —           —  
  settlements                                                               
  Balance at end of year    $              18,456    $  14,401    $  6,646  
                                                                            
Of the unrecognized tax benefits, $ 13.6million and $ 13.0million represents
the amount that if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income
tax rate in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company does not expect a
significant change to its unrecognized tax benefits or recorded liabilities
over the next twelve months. The unrecognized tax benefits may increase or
change during the next year for items that arise in the ordinary course of
business.

The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the
Company had approximately $ 3.6million, $ 2.3million, and $ 0.7million of
interest and penalties, respectively.

The tax return for years 2017 through 2021 remain open to examination for
federal and other major domestic taxing jurisdictions and for years 2016
through 2021 for other major foreign jurisdictions.
                                                                            
  16.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Geographic Information                                                    
                                                                            
The following table presents the property and equipment, net by geographic
area (in thousands):
                                                                           
                                          As of December 31,               
                                                        2021         2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                        $              25,681    $  27,942  
  Germany                                             22,872           11  
  Netherlands                                         14,265            —  
  All other countries                                    790          634  
  Total property and equipment, net    $              63,608    $  28,587  
                                                                           
For information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see Note
2—Summary of Significant Accounting policies, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers
                                                                            
  17.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Related Party                                                             
                                                                            
KKR Capital Markets, an affiliate of KKR Denali , acted as a joint lead
arranger and joint bookrunner for the Credit Agreement. KKR Denali is also
one of the Company’s principal stockholders. In 2021, 2020 and 2019, the
Company paid $ 2.3million, $ 1.5million and $ 2.0million, respectively, in
fees to KKR Capital Markets in connection with the Credit Agreement. See
Note 9.

In November 2020 and March 2021, the Company borrowed $ 150.0million and $
250.0million under the revolving credit facility, respectively (together,
the "Revolving Credit Loans"). A lender of the Revolving Credit Loans is an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. The Company
repaid such Revolving Credit Loans in full with the net proceeds from the
IPO in April 2021. See Note 9.

In December 2021, the Company completed a secondary offering of
7,500,000shares of its Class A common stock, at a price of $ 83.00per share,
with all shares offered by certain of the Company's stockholders, including
KKR Denali. The Company incurred a payable of $ 5.0million to KKR Capital
Markets in connection with the secondary offering, which was included in
accounts payable on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as of December
31, 2021.

In December 2019, the Company purchased 2,475,000shares and 300,000shares of
the Company’s Class A Common Stock from the Company’s chief executive
officer and from the Company’s Board member, respectively. The chief
executive officer is also the Company’s principal stockholder. The fair
value of the purchased shares was $ 14.0million. The purchase of shares was
paid through the issuance of twounsecured 5-year promissory notes with the
principal
                                    116                                     
Table of Contents
amount of $ 10.0million and $ 1.2million, respectively. The promissory notes
are redeemable upon the earlier of maturity, (ii) immediately prior to an
acquisition of the Company as defined in the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan, or (iii) immediately prior to the Company’s filing an S-1 with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The promissory notes bear interest at a
rate of 2% per annum paid annually. Both promissory notes were recorded in
other non-current liabilities at the aggregated initial fair value of $
9.1million representing a discount of 19% to its principal amount and
resulting in a purchase of the Company’s common stock shares below its fair
value. The discount is amortized over a period of five yearsunder the
effective interest method with amortization expense included in interest
expense. The shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock purchased in
exchange for the issuance of the promissory note were added to the pool of
shares available for the grant under the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan. The Company recorded the difference between fair value of the shares
purchased and the fair value of promissory notes as an increase to
additional paid-in capital. In December 2021, the Company repaid both
promissory notes and recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $
1.4million based on the difference between the $ 11.7million repayment
amount and the carrying value of such promissory notes on the settlement
date. The interest expense recognized on this note was not material for the
years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019.

The Company published a mobile game app developed by a mobile game developer
owned by a member of the Company's Board, under a game assignment and
revenue share agreement entered in October 2020. Under such agreement, the
Company made payments to the mobile game developer in the amount of $
0.7million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Payments for the year
ended December 31, 2020 was not material.

The Company had no other material related party transactions for the years
ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019.
                                                                            
  18.                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Subsequent Events                                                         
                                                                            
In January 2022, the Company completed its previously announced acquisition
from Twitter, Inc. of the MoPub business for approximately $ 1.0billion in
cash, pursuant to an agreement by and between the Company, Twitter, Inc. and
Twitter International Company dated October 6, 2021. The Company plans to
integrate MoPub's customer base and product features into its existing
platform. The acquisition will be accounted for as a business combination
and, accordingly, the total purchase price will be allocated to the
intangible assets acquired based on their respective fair values on the
acquisition close date. Due to the timing of the close, as of the date of
issuance of these consolidated financial statements, acquisition accounting
is incomplete as the Company is still in the process of estimating the
initial purchase price allocation. As a result, the Company is unable to
provide this information as well as the pro forma financial information of
the combined entity, which will be reported on its Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended March 31, 2022. The Company incurred transaction costs of
approximately $ 1.6million included within the general and administrative
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with the
business combination for legal, accounting and other fees.

In February 2022, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to acquire
all of the equity interests of Wurl, Inc. ("Wurl"), a connected TV software
platform, for approximately $ 430.0million, which is expected to be funded
with 55% in cash and 45% in the Company's Class A common stock. The
transaction will enable the Company to expand into the Connected TV market.
Concurrent with entering into the definitive agreement, the Company also
adopted a multi-year performance-based incentive plan for certain key
employees of Wurl, under which the key employees may earn up to a total of $
600.0million in additional shares of the Company's Class A common stock
through 2025, contingent upon the achievement of certain revenue and other
performance targets by the acquired business and the continued employment of
such key employees. Such plan will become effective at the closing of the
transaction. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and
expected to close in the first half of 2022.

In February 2022, the Company's Board authorized the repurchase of up to $
750.0million of the Company’s Class A common stock. Repurchases may be made
from time to time through open market purchases or through privately
negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable legal
requirements and other relevant factors. Open market repurchases may be
structured to occur in accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18. The
Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b-5 trading plans to
facilitate repurchases of its shares. The repurchase program does not
obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of its Class A common
stock, has no expiration date and may be modified, suspended or terminated
at any time at the Company's discretion. As of March 11, 2022, the Company
repurchased 893,556shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate
amount of $ 43.7million.

In March 2022, the Company committed to invest up to RMB 300.0million
(approximately $ 47.5million) as a limited partner in a China-based private
equity fund (“the Fund”) that will invest primarily in the equity of non-
public media, telecom and technology companies operating mainly in China.
Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Fund has an initial term
of seven years, which may be extended for twoadditional years with the
applicable approval. This investment is subject to certain restrictions
regarding transfers and withdrawals. Distributions from the Fund will be
received as the underlying investments are liquidated. As of the date of
issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the Company had not
funded any of the committed capital contribution.
                                    117                                     
Table of Contents
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting     │
│  and Financial Disclosure                                                │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                                        │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                            
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                          
                                                                            
Our management, with the participation and supervision of our principal
executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under Exchange Act as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded
that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at a reasonable assurance level.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management's
assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an
attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm as
permitted in this transition period under the rules of the SEC for newly
public companies.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in management’s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) and
15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2021
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures

Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and
all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that
judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur
because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or
more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any
system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system,
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 9B. Other Information                                              │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent        │
│  Inspections                                                             │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
                                    118                                     
Table of Contents
╔═ § ══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                          ║
║                                 Part III                                 ║
║                                                                          ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
definitive proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
which will be filed with the SEC, no later than 120 days after December 31,
2021 (the “Proxy Statement”).
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 11. Executive Compensation                                         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management  │
│  and Related Stockholder Matters                                         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement.
                                    119                                     
Table of Contents
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and      │
│  Director Independence                                                   │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                         │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Proxy Statement.
                                    120                                     
Table of Contents
╔═ § ══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                          ║
║                                 Part IV                                  ║
║                                                                          ║
╚══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules                      │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Documents filed as part of this report are as follows:

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements: Our consolidated financial statements
are listed in the “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements” under Part
II, Item 8 of this report.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules have been
omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown
in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.

(3) Exhibits: The documents listed below are incorporated by reference or
are filed with this report, in each case as indicated therein.
                                                                            
                               EXHIBIT INDEX                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
                           Informat…                                        
                           Incorpor…                                        
                           by                                               
                           Reference                                        
  Exhibit    Exhibit       Form         File No.      Exhibit    Filing     
  Number     Title                                               Date       
             Agreement                                                      
             and Plan                                                       
             of Merger,                                                     
             by and                                                         
             among the                                                      
             registran…                                                     
             Morocco,                                                       
             Inc.,                                                          
  2.1        Morocco       S-1          333-253800        2.1    March 2,   
             Acquisiti…                                          2021       
             Sub, Inc.                                                      
             and                                                            
             Machine                                                        
             Zone,                                                          
             Inc.,                                                          
             dated as                                                       
             of May 19,                                                     
             2020.                                                          
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Share                                                          
             Purchase                                                       
             Agreement,                                                     
             by and                                                         
             among the                                                      
             registran…                                                     
             AppLovin                                                       
             Active                                                         
             Holdings,                                                      
             LLC,                                                April 7,   
  2.2#       adjust        S-1/A        333-253800        2.2    2021       
             GmbH, the                                                      
             sharehold…                                                     
             of adjust                                                      
             GmbH, and                                                      
             Spree                                                          
             Eternity                                                       
             GmbH,                                                          
             dated as                                                       
             of March                                                       
             12, 2021,                                                      
             as amended                                                     
             on March                                                       
             30, 2021.                                                      
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
  3.1        Certifica…    S-1/A        333-253800        3.2    March 22,  
             of                                                  2021       
             Incorpora…                                                     
             of the                                                         
             registran…                                                     
             Certifica…                                                     
             of Change                                                      
             of                                                             
             Location                                                       
  3.2        of            8-K          001-40325         3.1    June 15,   
             Registered                                          2021       
             Agent                                                          
             and/or                                                         
             Registered                                                     
             office.                                                        
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
  3.3        Restated      S-1/A        333-253800        3.4    March 22,  
             Bylaws of                                           2021       
             the                                                            
             registrant                                                     
             Form of                                                        
             Class A                                                        
             common                                              March 2,   
  4.1        stock         S-1          333-253800        4.1    2021       
             certifica…                                                     
             of the                                                         
             registran…                                                     
             Investors’                                                     
             Rights                                                         
             Agreement                                                      
             among the                                                      
             registrant                                                     
             and                                                            
             certain                                                        
  4.2        holders of    S-1/A        333-253800        4.2    March 22,  
             its                                                 2021       
             capital                                                        
             stock,                                                         
             dated as                                                       
             of August                                                      
             15, 2018,                                                      
             as                                                             
             amended.                                                       
             Form of                                                        
             Warrant to                                                     
  4.3        Purchase      S-1          333-253800        4.3    March 2,   
             Class A                                             2021       
             Common                                                         
             Stock.                                                         
             Descripti…                                                     
  4.4        of Capital                                                     
             Stock                                                          
             Form of                                                        
             Indemnifi…                                                     
             Agreement                                                      
             between                                                        
             the                                                            
  10.1+      registrant    S-1          333-253800       10.1    March 2,   
             and each                                            2021       
             of its                                                         
             directors                                                      
             and                                                            
             executive                                                      
             officers.                                                      
             AppLovin                                                       
             Corporati…                                                     
             2011                                                           
             Equity                                              March 2,   
  10.2+      Incentive     S-1          333-253800       10.2    2021       
             Plan and                                                       
             related                                                        
             form                                                           
             agreement…                                                     
                                                                            
                                    121                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
           2021 Equity                                       March 22,      
  10.3+    Incentive Plan    S-1/A    333-253800     10.3    2021           
           and related                                                      
           form                                                             
           agreements.                                                      
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
  10.4+    2021 Executive    S-1/A    333-253800     10.4    March 22,      
           Incentive                                         2021           
           Compensation                                                     
           Plan.                                                            
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
           2021 Employee                                     March 22,      
  10.5+    Stock Purchase    S-1/A    333-253800     10.5    2021           
           Plan and                                                         
           related form                                                     
           agreements.                                                      
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
           2021 Partner                                                     
  10.6     Studio            S-1/A    333-253800     10.6    March 22,      
           Incentive Plan                                    2021           
           and related                                                      
           form                                                             
           agreements.                                                      
           AppLovin                                                         
           Corporation                                                      
  10.7+    Outside           S-1      333-253800     10.6    March 2, 2021  
           Director                                                         
           Compensation                                                     
           Policy.                                                          
           Executive                                                        
           Change in                                                        
           Control and                                       March 22,      
  10.8+    Severance Plan    S-1/A    333-253800     10.8    2021           
           and Summary                                                      
           Plan                                                             
           Description.                                                     
           Form of                                                          
           Confirmatory                                                     
           Employment                                                       
  10.9+    Letter between    S-1      333-253800     10.7    March 2, 2021  
           the registrant                                                   
           and each of                                                      
           its executive                                                    
           officers.                                                        
           Amended and                                                      
           Restated                                                         
           Sublease, by                                                     
           and between                                                      
           1050 Page Mill                                                   
  10.10    Road Property,    S-1      333-253800     10.8    March 2, 2021  
           LLC and                                                          
           Applovin                                                         
           Corporation,                                                     
           dated as of                                                      
           February 18,                                                     
           2021.                                                            
           Credit                                                           
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
           time thereto                                                     
  10.11    and Bank of       S-1      333-253800     10.9    March 2, 2021  
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           August 15,                                                       
           2018.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           1 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.12    time thereto      S-1      333-253800    10.10    March 2, 2021  
           and Bank of                                                      
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           April 23,                                                        
           2019.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           2 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.13    time thereto      S-1      333-253800    10.11    March 2, 2021  
           and Bank of                                                      
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           April 27,                                                        
           2020.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           3 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.14    time thereto      S-1      333-253800    10.12    March 2, 2021  
           and Bank of                                                      
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           May 6, 2020.                                                     
           Amendment No.                                                    
           4 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.15    time thereto      S-1      333-253800    10.13    March 2, 2021  
           and Bank of                                                      
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           October 27,                                                      
           2020.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           5 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.16    time thereto      S-1/A    333-253800    10.16    March 22,      
           and Bank of                                       2021           
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           February 12,                                                     
           2021.                                                            
           Amendment No.                                                    
           6 to Credit                                                      
           Agreement, by                                                    
           and between                                                      
           the                                                              
           registrant,                                                      
           the lenders                                                      
           from time to                                                     
  10.17    time there to     8-K      001-40325      10.1    October 29,    
           and Bank of                                       2021           
           America, N.A.,                                                   
           as                                                               
           administrative                                                   
           agent and                                                        
           collateral                                                       
           agent, dated                                                     
           October 25,                                                      
           2021.                                                            
                                                                            
                                    122                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
            Exchange                                                        
            Agreement                                                       
            between the                                                     
            registrant                                                      
            and each of                                                     
            Adam                                                            
            Foroughi,                                                       
  10.18     Herald Chen,     S-1/A    333-253800    10.17    March 22,      
            KKR Denali                                       2021           
            Holdings                                                        
            L.P., and                                                       
            certain                                                         
            related                                                         
            entities,                                                       
            dated March                                                     
            16, 2021.                                                       
            Equity                                                          
            Exchange                                                        
            Agreement                                                       
            between the                                      March 22,      
  10.19+    registrant       S-1/A    333-253800    10.18    2021           
            and Herald                                                      
            Chen, dated                                                     
            March 16,                                                       
            2021.                                                           
            Director                                                        
            Nominations                                                     
            Agreement                                                       
            between the                                                     
            registrant                                       March 22,      
  10.20     and KKR          S-1/A    333-253800    10.19    2021           
            Denali                                                          
            Holdings                                                        
            L.P., dated                                                     
            March 16,                                                       
            2021.                                                           
            List of                                                         
  21.1      subsidiaries                                                    
            of the                                                          
            registrant.                                                     
            Consent of                                                      
            Deloitte &                                                      
            Touche LLP,                                                     
  23.1      Independent                                                     
            Registered                                                      
            Public                                                          
            Accounting                                                      
            Firm.                                                           
            Power of                                                        
            Attorney                                                        
  24.1      (included on                                                    
            signature                                                       
            page hereto).                                                   
            Certification                                                   
            of Principal                                                    
            Executive                                                       
            Officer                                                         
            pursuant to                                                     
            Exchange Act                                                    
            Rules                                                           
  31.1      13a-14(a) and                                                   
            15d-14(a), as                                                   
            adopted                                                         
            pursuant to                                                     
            Section 302                                                     
            of the                                                          
            Sarbanes-Oxl…                                                   
            Act of 2002.                                                    
            Certification                                                   
            of Principal                                                    
            Financial                                                       
            Officer                                                         
            pursuant to                                                     
            Exchange Act                                                    
            Rules                                                           
  31.2      13a-14(a) and                                                   
            15d-14(a), as                                                   
            adopted                                                         
            pursuant to                                                     
            Section 302                                                     
            of the                                                          
            Sarbanes-Oxl…                                                   
            Act of 2002.                                                    
            Certificatio…                                                   
            of Principal                                                    
            Executive                                                       
            Officer and                                                     
            Principal                                                       
            Financial                                                       
            Officer                                                         
  32.1†     pursuant to                                                     
            18 U.S.C.                                                       
            Section 1350,                                                   
            as adopted                                                      
            pursuant to                                                     
            Section 906                                                     
            of the                                                          
            Sarbanes-Oxl…                                                   
            Act of 2002.                                                    
            The following                                                   
            financial                                                       
            statements                                                      
            from the                                                        
            Company’s                                                       
            Annual Report                                                   
            on Form 10-K                                                    
            for the year                                                    
            ended                                                           
            December 31,                                                    
            2021,                                                           
            formatted in                                                    
            Inline XBRL:                                                    
            (i)                                                             
            Consolidated                                                    
            Balance                                                         
            Sheets, (ii)                                                    
            Consolidated                                                    
            Statements of                                                   
            Operations,                                                     
  101       (iii)                                                           
            Consolidated                                                    
            Statements of                                                   
            Comprehensive                                                   
            Income                                                          
            (Loss), (iv)                                                    
            Consolidated                                                    
            Statements of                                                   
            Redeemable                                                      
            Noncontrolli…                                                   
            Interest and                                                    
            Stockholders’                                                   
            Deficit, (v)                                                    
            Consolidated                                                    
            Statements of                                                   
            Cash Flows,                                                     
            and (vi)                                                        
            Notes to                                                        
            Consolidated                                                    
            Financial                                                       
            Statements.                                                     
            Cover Page                                                      
            Interactive                                                     
  104       Data File                                                       
            (contained in                                                   
            Exhibit 101).                                                   
                                                                            
                                                            
  +    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  
                                                            
                                                                            
       Certain exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in  
  #    accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). We agree to furnish   
       supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the   
       Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request.                 
                                                                            
† The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any
filing of AppLovin Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
                                    123                                     
Table of Contents

amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such
filing.
╭─ • ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                          │
│  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary                                              │
│                                                                          │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
                                    124                                     
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  SIGNATURES                                                                
                                                                            
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                           
  Date: March 11, 2022    APPLOVIN CORPORATION                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          By:                     /s/ Adam Foroughi        
                                                  Adam Foroughi            
                                                  Chief Executive Officer  
                                                                           
                                                                            
  POWER OF ATTORNEY                                                         
                                                                            
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears
below constitutes and appoints Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen and Victoria
Valenzuela, and each one of them, as their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact
and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for them and
in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and
all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-
in-fact and agents or any of them, or their substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and
on the dates indicated.
                                                                            
                           Title                                            
                           Chief Executive Officer                          
  Signature                and Chairperson                                  
  /s/ Adam Foroughi        (Principal Executive                             
  Adam Foroughi            Officer)                   Date  March 11, 2022  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Herald Chen                                                           
                           Chief Financial                                  
                           Officer, President, and                          
  Herald Chen              Director                         March 11, 2022  
                           (Principal Financial                             
                           Officer)                                         
  /s/ Elena Arutunian                                                       
                           Chief Accounting                                 
  Elena Arutunian          Officer                          March 11, 2022  
                           (Principal Accounting                            
                           Officer)                                         
  /s/ Craig Billings       Director                         March 11, 2022  
  Craig Billings                                                            
  /s/ Margaret             Director                         March 11, 2022  
  Georgiadis                                                                
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
                                                                            
                                    125                                     
Table of Contents
                                                          
  Signature                                               
  /s/ Alyssa Harvey Dawson    Title       Date            
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson        Director    March 11, 2022  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Edward Oberwager                                    
  Edward Oberwager            Director    March 11, 2022  
  /s/ Asha Sharma                                         
  Asha Sharma                 Director    March 11, 2022  
  /s/ Eduardo Vivas                                       
  Eduardo Vivas               Director    March 11, 2022  
                                                          
                                    126                                     
