                                                                   
                           UNITED STATES                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                      Washington, D.C. 20549                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                             FORM 10-K                             
                                                                   
(Mark One)
                                                                   
  ☒    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE        
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
            For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023            
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                OR                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  ☐    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE    
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
                   For transition period from to                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                 Commission File Number 001-40325                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       
                                                         
  Delaware                           45-3264542          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                                                   
                        1100 Page Mill Road                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
                    Palo Alto, California 94304                    
                                                                   
(Address of registrant's principal executive offices, including zip
                               code)                               
                                                                   
                          ( 800) 839-9646                          
                                                                   
       (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)        
    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:    
                                                                   
  Title of each class     Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange  
                                            on which registered    
  Class A common                                                   
  stock, par value        APP               The Nasdaq Stock       
  $0.00003                                  Market LLC             
  per share                                                        
                                                                   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐
No☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a
smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the
definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the
registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an
error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the registrant’s voting and non-
voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on
June 30, 2023, the last business day of its most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was $ 5.9billion based on the closing sales
price of the registrant’s Class A common stock on that date. Shares
of the registrant's Class A common stock and Class B common stock
held by each executive officer and director and by each person who
may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been
excluded from this computation. This determination of affiliate
status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other
purposes.

As of February 22, 2024, the number of shares of the registrant's
Class A common stock outstanding was 270,884,360and the number of
shares of the registrant's Class B common stock outstanding was
71,112,622. No shares of the registrant’s Class C common stock were
outstanding as of February 22, 2024.
                                                                   
                DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE                
                                                                   
Portions of the registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement for the
2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated.
Such Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the
registrant’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                         Table of Contents                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                             Page  
  Part I                                                  2        
  Item 1.       Business                                  2        
  Item 1A.      Risk Factors                              9        
  Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments                40        
  Item 1C.      Cybersecurity                            40        
  Item 2.       Properties                               42        
  Item 3.       Legal Proceedings                        42        
  Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures                  42        
  Part II                                                42        
                Market for Registrant's Common                     
  Item 5.       Equity, Related Stockholder Matters      42        
                and Issuer Purchases of Equity                     
                Securities                                         
  Item 6.       [Reserved]                               43        
                Management's Discussion and Analysis               
  Item 7.       of Financial Condition and Results       43        
                of Operations                                      
  Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative             60        
                Disclosures About Market Risk                      
  Item 8.       Financial Statements and                 61        
                Supplementary Data                                 
                Changes in and Disagreements With                  
  Item 9.       Accountants on Accounting and           105        
                Financial Disclosure                               
  Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures                 105        
  Item 9B.      Other Information                       105        
                Disclosure Regarding Foreign                       
  Item 9C.      Jurisdictions that Prevent              106        
                Inspections                                        
  Part III                                              107        
  Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and       107        
                Corporate Governance                               
  Item 11.      Executive Compensation                  107        
                Security Ownership of Certain                      
  Item 12.      Beneficial Owner and Management and     107        
                Related Stockholder Matters                        
                Certain Relationship and Related                   
  Item 13.      Transactions, and Director              107        
                Independence                                       
  Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and           107        
                Services                                           
  Part IV                                               108        
  Item 15.      Exhibit and Financial Statement         108        
                Schedules                                          
  Item 16.      Form 10-K Summary                       111        
  Signatures                                            112        
                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                            
                                                                   
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements
involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements generally relate to future events or our future
financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements because they contain words such as
“may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,”
“intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative
of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern
our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include
statements about:

• our future financial performance, including our expectations
regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, and operating expenses, and
our ability to achieve or maintain future profitability;

• the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our
liquidity needs;

• our ability to maintain the security and availability of our
AppLovin Software Platform and AppLovin Apps;

• our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing
laws and regulations, including with respect to taxation and
privacy and data protection;

• our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel;

• our expectations regarding the macroeconomic environment,
inflation and high interest rates, uncertainty in the global
banking and financial services markets, political uncertainty and
international conflicts around the world;

• our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual
property;

• our ability to manage risk associated with our business;

• the demand for our AppLovin Software Platform and AppLovin Apps;

• our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;

• our ability to attract and retain clients and users;

• our ability to develop new products, features, and enhancements
for our AppLovin Software Platform and to launch or acquire new
AppLovin Apps and successfully monetize them;

• our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in
existing and new markets and offerings;

• our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and
assets and to expand and diversify our operations through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships;

• our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;

• our expectations and management of future growth;
• our expectations regarding our share repurchase program; and
• our ability to develop and protect our brand.

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions
of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our
current expectations and projections about future events and trends
that we believe may affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events
described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks,
uncertainties, and other factors, including those described in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and
rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge
from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all
risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-
looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We
cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances
reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or
occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.
                                 1                                 
Table of Contents

Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the
accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking
statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on
which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update
any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form
10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the
occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We
may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations
disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not
place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our
forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of
any future acquisitions, partnerships, mergers, dispositions, joint
ventures, or investments we may make.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements
reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such
information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such
information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should
not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive
inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and
investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                 ║
║                             Part I                              ║
║                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 1. Business                                               │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our mission is to create meaningful connections between companies
and their ideal customers. Our software platform provides end-to-
end software and artificial intelligence-powered ("AI") solutions
for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audience
("Software Platform"). We also operate a portfolio of owned mobile
apps (“Apps”). Our scaled business model sits at the nexus of the
advertising ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong
growth.

AppLovin is critical to the success of advertisers seeking to solve
marketing and monetization challenges. Through our technologies and
scaled distribution, advertisers are able to better place content
so that it is discovered by the right audience, manage, optimize,
and analyze their marketing investments, and improve the
monetization of their content. Our Software Platform includes a
comprehensive suite of tools including:

• AppDiscovery, our marketing software solution, is the cornerstone
of our Software Platform, augmented by our rapidly growing MAX
monetization solution. AppDiscovery is powered by AXON, our AI-
powered advertising engine, and matches advertiser demand with
publisher supply through auctions at vast scale and at microsecond-
level speeds.

• MAX is our monetization solution, utilizing an advanced in-app
bidding technology that optimizes the value of a publisher’s
advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive auction,
driving more competition, and higher returns for publishers.

• Adjust is our measurement and analytics marketing platform which
provides marketers with the visibility, insights, and data needed
to scale their apps marketing and drive more informed results.

• Wurl is our connected TV ("CTV") platform that both distributes
streaming video for content companies and provides advanced
advertising and publishing solutions to attract viewers and
maximize revenue.

We generate our revenue from our Software Platform and our Apps. As
more advertisers use our Software Platform to market and monetize
their content, we gain access to more data regarding users and user
engagement 1 , further strengthening our scaled distribution. As
our distribution grows, we gain better insights for our AXON
recommendation engine, which then further enhances our Software
Platform. Our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of
over 200 free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by
eleven studios, some of which we own and others that we partner
with. Our studios generally focus on the development of easy to
learn and play games, which appeal to a broad range of
demographics, but our portfolio also includes several games for
other genres.

We report our operating results through two reportable segments:
Software Platform and Apps. These segments align with how our Chief
Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") allocates resources, makes
operating decisions, and manages and assesses the performance of
our business. For the amount of revenue derived from our two
segments and other relevant data for the years ended December 31,
2023, 2022 and 2021, as well as other additional information, see
Note 14 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Software Platform                                       
                                                                   
Our comprehensive, end-to-end Software Platform delivers value by
helping companies scale their businesses and maximize their
revenue. Specifically, our Software Platform, which is powered by
AXON, our AI-based recommendation engine, enables advertisers to
automate their marketing, engagement, and monetization efforts in
three core ways. First, we provide marketing technology that allows
advertisers to reach more of the most suitable users with
personalized content in order to increase the number of users who
download and engage with their content. Second, we provide
advertisers with monetization
1 Adjust’s marketing platform is operated by our wholly-owned
subsidiary and data generated by Adjust's services is not shared
with AppLovin or incorporated into or used to optimize its
recommendation engine or other technologies.
                                 2                                 
Table of Contents

and analytics technology to maximize the value of their advertising
inventory by obtaining a high price for each impression. Third, we
provide developers a set of capabilities to optimize their apps and
help streamline their businesses. Additionally, we have entered the
CTV advertising market with the integration of Wurl.

Our Software Platform also enables publishers to leverage real-time
auctions that optimize the value for each impression, while
simultaneously enabling them to attain an attractive value for each
of the impressions from their advertising inventory. When these
mutually reinforcing elements of our Software Platform are
combined, it creates a robust and successful marketing and
monetization engine that both sells attractive advertising
inventory to advertisers while monetizing it for publishers.

Our Software Platform is delivered through an integrated and
seamless user interface, which provides the following benefits to
advertisers:

• Reach and attract users at scale: Our Software Platform reaches
approximately 1.4 billion users per day, enabling developers to
target and find the right users for their content worldwide.
Advertisers are able to set their user acquisition and revenue
goals to target the most relevant, highest value users.

• Maximize monetization of engagement: Advertisers use our Software
Platform to generate incremental revenue by maximizing the
monetization of their ad inventory. Our tools operate at
microsecond-level speeds and at vast scale to enhance monetization
for developers while preserving the end user experience.

• Leverage proprietary data and insights: Advertisers benefit from
accessing comprehensive real-time insights through our customized
user dashboards, helping them optimize campaigns, improve user
engagement, and manage their return on investment.

• Automate time consuming and manual processes: Our Software
Platform automates marketing and monetization, allowing advertisers
to focus on improving their content rather than managing complex
go-to-market processes manually.

• Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation: Our Software Platform is
continuously updated as the advertising ecosystem evolves.
Advertisers on our Software Platform benefit from this ongoing
advancement and optimization and are able to rapidly adapt to
industry changes in marketing and monetization without losing focus
on content creation.

Our Software Platform is primarily made up of four key solutions:
AppDiscovery, MAX, Adjust, and Wurl.
                                                                   
  AppDiscovery                                                     
                                                                   
AppDiscovery is a suite of marketing solutions that enables
developers to automate, optimize, and manage their marketing
efforts. AppDiscovery is powered by AXON's predictive algorithms to
enable advertisers to match their apps to users that are more
likely to download them. This form of personalized advertising
focuses on the end user, enabling the advertisers to find the right
users and delivering to users more of what they are likely to be
interested in. Advertisers are not only able to attract users that
download, but also find a high volume of users that stay and engage
with their apps for greater retention and ultimately, increased
opportunities for better monetization. Revenue from AppDiscovery
comprises a vast majority of revenue from our Software Platform.

With AppDiscovery, advertisers can define the framework of their
campaigns in the following ways:

• Reach: Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay to
acquire their target users. Our technology finds the users at that
value who are most likely to download and engage with the app.

• Global scale: Advertisers can choose to connect with users in
different regions around the world, and our technology suggests the
best locations based on their parameters.

• Retain and engage: Our system is built around optimizing to the
advertisers revenue so our algorithms automatically adjust based on
the likelihood users will engage. Our clients can analyze by
retention periods from initial app download onwards, so that
advertisers understand the effectiveness of their marketing
investments.

• Targeted returns: Advertisers set their goals and target return
on ad sales and our algorithms adjust cost and campaign specifics
to meet them.
                                 3                                 
Table of Contents

AppDiscovery includes the following features:

• Advanced campaign management: An interface to create, manage, and
automatically optimize campaigns based on return on ad sales goals.

• Real-time analytics: An interface to see results and optimize
against them with our ROI-based analytics environment.

• Lifetime Value ("LTV") reporting: A tool that breaks down
campaign results by source and location, allowing advertisers to
make real-time, informed decisions about the value and longevity of
their campaigns.

• High quality and quantity creatives: Advertisers can make and
test as many creatives as needed. They also have access to our in-
house creative team, SparkLabs, for expert ad creation and testing
strategies.
                                                                   
  MAX                                                              
                                                                   
MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of
publishers' advertising inventory by running a single unbiased,
real-time competitive auction, driving more competition and higher
returns for publishers. MAX auctions are more effective than
historical tools and approaches because MAX yields more targeted
users for advertisers and enables publishers to achieve better
competitive prices for each impression. Many developers who
integrate MAX have experienced a measurable increase in their
average revenue per daily active user ("ARPDAU") over traditional
monetization tools and save countless hours because they are able
to automate manual monetization work through its advanced feature
set. As a result, MAX has become the preferred in-app bidding
solution for many publishers worldwide, helping drive meaningful
growth and momentum for AppLovin.

MAX includes the following features:

• Advanced in-app bidding technology: MAX’s competitive auctions
happen in real time with most bidding platforms in the industry
bidding simultaneously for developers’ inventory at high volume.
The competitive global demand helps maximize average revenue per
user on each impression with many developers experiencing a
measurable increase when moving to MAX.

• Automated monetization: MAX saves developers time through its
extensive suite of APIs for automation.

• Ad quality assurance and review: MAX drives superior user
experience with exclusive features that automatically flag risky
content to keep developers’ brands safe.

• Powerful insights: MAX helps developers better understand the LTV
for each user and increase revenue to maximize yield for each ad
opportunity.
                                                                   
  Adjust                                                           
                                                                   
Adjust is our measurement and analytics marketing platform which
provides the visibility, insights, and tools marketers need to grow
their apps from early stage to maturity. Our software-as-a-service
("SaaS") platform is an end-to-end solution for optimizing ad
performance and maximizing returns, powered by accurate attribution
data and in-depth reporting that are essential for meeting business
goals. Adjust allows clients to better understand their users’
journey while allowing marketers to make smarter decisions through
measurement, attribution, and fraud prevention.

The Adjust product solutions allow customers to benefit from the
following key features:

• Impact through measurement: Drive results faster with accurate,
timely measurement on marketing and ad spend across channels.

• Insights through real-time data and reports: Easily share timely,
actionable insights with stakeholders to drive their business
forward.

• Strategic growth with automated attribution solutions: Scale
profits with automated solutions that attribute sources and help
customers work smarter and accomplish more.
                                                                   
  Wurl                                                             
                                                                   
Wurl is our connected TV ("CTV") platform which distributes
streaming video for content companies and provides advertising and
publishing solutions to maximize advertising revenue, grow their
CTV viewership, and strengthen their brand value. Wurl focuses on
driving the streaming industry forward with market-leading
solutions that help connect the right viewers to the right content.
It brings data-driven advertising and measurement to Connected TV.
The technology helps companies engage with the highest-value
viewers, and ultimately increase their revenue.

Wurl has built the following products to meet their customers’
needs:

• AdPool: is a monetization solution that connects CTV supply with
top advertisers and access to exclusive demand.

• ContentDiscovery: is an advertising solution that grows
audiences, increases engagement, and reduces churn for streaming
platforms and apps.
                                 4                                 
Table of Contents

• Global FAST Pass (GFP): is a distribution solution that makes it
easy to launch Free Ad-supported Streaming TV channels.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Apps                                                    
                                                                   
Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over
200 free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by eleven
studios located worldwide with a deep bench of talented developers.
Our studios have developed and published games across a number of
genres including: casual, match-three, card/casino, midcore, and
hyper-casual. A large portion of our portfolio are casual, match-
three and card/casino games that have a lower risk of development
and generally have more predictable revenue streams and return.
These games can be played a few minutes at a time and appeal to a
wide range of users across many highly attractive demographics. Our
studios leverage live ops to quickly iterate and increase in-game
monetization by optimizing app economies and improving in-game
conversion on items and offers. The studios operating our portfolio
of Apps utilize our Software Platform to market, scale, and
monetize our Apps.
                                                                   
  Our Strategy for Growth                                          
                                                                   
We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our growth and further
enhance our market position in the advertising ecosystem:

• Existing market expansion: We continue to have an attractive
market opportunity within our current mobile app segment, which we
intend to address through the optimization of our Software
Platform.

• Enhance and extend AI-based technologies: As we increase our
scale and reach, we benefit from compounding improvements to AXON,
our AI-powered advertising engine, which in turn improves the
efficacy and growth of our Software Platform solutions.

• New market expansion: We are confident our technology and
expertise are applicable to other market segments and geographies
we do not currently address, including:

• Non-gaming mobile app segments and industries: One of our long-
term objectives is to provide critical tools to mobile app
developers across multiple verticals, including, for example,
e-commerce and social media.

◦ Other content industries: We believe our deep expertise and
capabilities will allow us to successfully apply our solutions to
tangential sectors, including with mobile OEMs and carriers through
our Array product initiative, as well as the growing CTV industry
through our 2022 acquisition of Wurl, LLC. We continue to expand
our CTV business through the addition of new content advertisers
and supply channels as well as through the application of AXON to
CTV.

◦ Industry partnerships: We plan to further invest in our sales and
marketing teams to increase penetration among new and existing
clients, including in expansion markets we are targeting.

• Attracting and retaining the best talent: Our employees are at
the core of our technology and success. We intend to continue to
invest in attracting and retaining exceptional talent who share our
values and will drive our future growth.

• Pursue strategic investments and partnerships: Given our proven
track record in strategic transactions, and our long-standing
relationships with key industry players, we have earned a
reputation as a partner of choice, and will continue to consider
and leverage strategic acquisitions, partnerships, and investment
opportunities to accelerate our growth.
                                                                   
  Our Customers and Developer Community                            
                                                                   
Our globally diverse customers range from the largest enterprises
to small and independent businesses and individuals across a
variety of industries. Our customers comprise multiple groups
within the advertising ecosystem including advertisers leveraging
our platform to find users and advertising networks using our
mediation solution to purchase advertising inventory. Our Apps also
work with advertising networks who purchase advertising inventory
and consumers who purchase in-app products. We also work with the
mobile app publisher community who leverage our mediation solution
to monetize their inventory. The scale and breadth of our customers
in terms of size and industry provides us with a competitive
advantage.
                                                                   
  Competition                                                      
                                                                   
We operate in a fragmented advertising ecosystem composed of
divisions of large, well-established companies as well as
privately-held companies. The large companies in our advertising
and mobile app ecosystems may play multiple different roles given
the breadth of their businesses.

• Advertisers typically engage with several advertising platforms
and networks to purchase advertisements on mobile apps, devices,
and on CTV, looking to optimize their marketing investments. Such
advertising platform companies vary in size and include players
such as Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software, as well as
various private companies. Several of these platforms, including
Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software, are also our partners
and clients.

• There are many companies that develop online and mobile games and
other mobile apps. The larger gaming companies in our gaming
ecosystem include Activision Blizzard (Microsoft), Tencent, and
Zynga (Take-Two
                                 5                                 
Table of Contents

Interactive), as well as other public and private companies. Many
of these companies are also our partners and clients. We also
expect new developers to enter the market and existing companies to
allocate more resources to develop and market more mobile games and
apps.

We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market
are:

• the ability to enhance and improve technologies and offerings;

• knowledge, expertise, and experience in the advertising
ecosystem;

• relationships with third parties in the advertising ecosystem;

• the ability to reach and target a large number of users;

• the ability to identify and execute on strategic transactions;

• the ability to successfully launch and monetize mobile apps;

• the pricing and perceived value of offerings;

• brand and reputation; and

• ability to expand into new offerings and geographies.

We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors.
                                                                   
  Our Values                                                       
                                                                   
Our AppLovin Values capture our company’s culture and guide our
approach on how we build and grow our business with all
stakeholders:
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Think Like an Entrepreneur                                       
                                                                   
We take intelligent risks and embrace new challenges as a part of
our DNA. We empower our employees to try new things, question the
status quo, and constantly innovate. We accomplish this by
optimizing resources, keeping our teams lean, agile, focused, and
not slowing down progress with bureaucracy.
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Take Initiative, Ownership, and Make an Impact                   
                                                                   
We are proactive, voice ideas, and take action to drive ourselves,
our teams, and our business toward continued success. We are not an
environment where work is handed to you, instead we trust your
ability to take ownership and make an impact.
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Hire and Reward “Doers”                                          
                                                                   
We hire, develop and reward “doers” who are highly motivated,
passionate, and want to work in a collaborative and inclusive
environment to take their own careers and our business to the next
level. We are not afraid to part ways with underperformers or those
satisfied with the bare minimum and will enable them to follow
their passions towards a better path.
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Move Fast                                                        
                                                                   
We move quickly and intentionally. We test, iterate and optimize
constantly, using data to drive decisions. Together we discover new
ways to move beyond accomplishing our objectives and surpassing
expectations while maintaining our high standards. Even as we move
fast, we act with integrity and transparency. We do not fear
failure because we know that failure often breeds opportunity, and
ultimately, success.
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Never Stop Learning                                              
                                                                   
We are curious and seek to learn more than just what’s in our
lanes. Learning the latest technologies and what others are doing
around us allows us to identify problems and build products to
solve them. It enables us to adapt, innovate, and thrive in a
constantly evolving and competitive landscape.
                                                                   
  Research and Development                                         
                                                                   
Continued investment in research and development is important to
advancing our Software Platform and Apps. These advancements are
key to attaining our strategic objectives and meeting the evolving
needs of our customers. The underlying elastic architecture of our
solutions allows us to create, test, and deploy new features
rapidly while distributing them globally. We also continue to
invest in new and existing Apps.

Our research and development team is working on cutting edge
technologies, which allows us to attract top talent globally. As of
December 31, 2023, we had approximately 950 employees, or 54% of
our total headcount, involved in research and development and
related activities. Our research and development organization is
based in Palo Alto, California with additional resources around the
world.
                                 6                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Intellectual Property                                            
                                                                   
Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our
intellectual property rights with respect to our Software Platform
and Apps, and to operate without infringing, misappropriating or
otherwise violating valid and enforceable third-party intellectual
property. We seek to accomplish that objective by establishing
intellectual property rights in and protecting those assets through
a combination of patents, patent applications, registered and
unregistered trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license
agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements
with third parties, and other contractual measures. Though we rely
in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe
that factors, such as our unique position in the advertising
ecosystem, our expertise and determination of our employees, and
the functionality and flexibility of our Software Platform in an
ever-evolving industry, are also key contributors to our success.

As of December 31, 2023, we owned the following trademarks related
to the business: 45 registered trademarks in the United States, 10
pending trademark applications in the United States, as well as 477
registered trademarks in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 11 pending
trademark applications in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. We also
have registered domain names for websites that we use in our
business, such as www.applovin.com. Finally, as of December 31,
2023, we owned the following patents related to the business: 28
issued U.S. patents and 1 U.S. patent application. Our issued U.S.
patents, and any patents that may issue from our pending
applications, are scheduled to expire at dates ranging between 2033
and 2039, excluding any additional term for patent term adjustments
or extensions. We have acquired a number of patents through our
acquisitions that are not critical to the combined business on a
post-closing basis. As such, we regularly review our patent
portfolio, and have and expect to continue to abandon the
prosecution of patents that are not critical to our operations.

We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to
the extent we believe it would advance our business objectives and
maintain our competitive position. Notwithstanding these efforts,
there can be no assurance that we will adequately protect our
intellectual property or that it will provide any competitive
advantage. We take steps to protect our proprietary information, in
part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our
employees, consultants, developers, and vendors, and generally
limiting access to and distribution of our proprietary information.
However, we cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will
prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. Despite our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy aspects of our Software Platform or
Apps or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary.
Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult
and time consuming. Further, our intellectual property rights may
be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws
of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to
the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign
countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government
agencies and private parties in the United States. See the section
titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property” for
more information regarding risks related to intellectual property.
                                                                   
  Employees and Human Capital Resources                            
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2023, we had a total of 1,745 employees,
comprised of 1,717 full-time and 28 part-time/intern employees,
located in 17 countries. As a result of our historical strategic
acquisition and partnership activity, we also have access to
approximately 2,000 additional team members, a majority of whom are
research and development resources and all of whom are located
outside of the United States. Our geographic diversification
enhances our ability to retain and attract highly skilled talent as
well as manage our headcount costs. As of December 31, 2023,
approximately 49% of our global employees were located outside of
the U.S. and 51% in the U.S. Approximately 53% of our U.S.
employees are from one or more diverse groups, including Asian,
Hispanic or Latino, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or
Other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, or Two or
More Races and approximately 36% of our U.S. employees are female.
None of our employees are represented by a labor union. In certain
countries in which we operate, we are subject to, and comply with,
local labor law requirements, which may automatically make our
employees subject to industry-wide collective bargaining
agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we
consider our relations with our employees as positive.

Our employees are a key reason for our success and essential for
our continued growth. We benefit from a distributed global
workforce and plan to continue investing in our employees. We
provide competitive compensation packages designed to attract and
retain talent, as informed by market compensation surveys and data.
We have multiple incentive programs throughout the organization
designed to provide short-term and long-term incentives, including
base cash, equity and/or performance cash awards.

Our culture and industry success further enable us to successfully
hire and retain employees aligned with our mission. We were named
as an Honorary Cynopsis Top Women in Media, 2023; one of the
Hottest Adtech Companies of 2021 by Business Insider; and a
Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. The San
Francisco Business Times and Silicon Valley Business Journal
awarded us one of the Bay Area’s Best Places to Work in 2019, 2020,
2021 and 2022. Inc. further recognized us as a Best Workplace 2022.
In recognition of our ongoing efforts to promote diversity, we
earned a 2023 Q+ Workplace certification, affirming our dedication
to creating an inclusive work environment for all employees.
Furthermore, we have been acknowledged by Great Place to Work for
Best Workplaces for Parents and by Fortune Best Places to Work in
Advertising and Marketing.
                                                                   
  Compliance with Government Regulation                            
                                                                   
We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws
and regulations that affect companies conducting business on mobile
platforms, including those relating to privacy, data protection,
and the use and protection of data from employees, users and others
(including minors), the internet, behavioral advertising, mobile
apps, content, advertising and marketing activities, sweepstakes
and giveaways, and anti-corruption. Additional laws and regulations
relating to these areas likely will be
                                 7                                 
Table of Contents

passed in the future, and these or existing laws and regulations
may be interpreted or enforced in new or expanded manners, each of
which could result in significant limitations on ways we can
collect and process data of users, employees and others,
communicate with users, and operate our business. New and evolving
laws and regulations, and changes in their enforcement and
interpretation, may require changes to our Software Platform, Apps,
or business practices, and may significantly increase our
compliance costs and otherwise adversely affect our business and
results of operations. As our business expands to further scale our
Software Platform and include additional Apps, as we continue to
operate our AI-powered advertising engine AXON, and as our
operations continue to expand internationally, our compliance
requirements and costs may increase and we may be subject to
increased regulatory scrutiny.
                                                                   
  Data Privacy and Security Laws                                   
                                                                   
The data we collect and otherwise process is integral to our
Software Platform and Apps, providing us with insights to improve
our developer tools, to optimize app discovery and monetization and
to improve our Apps. Our collection, use, receipt, and other
processing of data in our business subjects us to numerous U.S.
state and federal laws and regulations, and foreign laws and
regulations, addressing privacy, data protection and the
collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure, protection
and processing of certain types of data. Such regulations include,
for example, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation,
the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Section 5(a) of the
Federal Trade Commission Act, and the California Consumer Privacy
Act. We work to comply with, and to help allow developers and
advertising ecosystem partners to comply with, applicable laws and
regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information
security. This helps underpin our strategy of building trust and
providing a strong experience to advertising ecosystem partners and
clients. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to
Legal and Regulatory Matters—We are subject to laws and regulations
concerning privacy, information security, data protection, consumer
protection, advertising, tracking, targeting, and protection of
minors, and these laws and regulations are continually evolving.
Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws and
regulations could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations” for additional information
about our approach to laws and regulations relating to privacy,
data protection, and information security.
                                                                   
  Corporate Information                                            
                                                                   
We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in
July 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is
(800) 839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com.
Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our
website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and inclusions of our website address in this Annual Report on Form
10-K are inactive textual references only. You should not consider
information contained on our website to be part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or in deciding whether to purchase shares of
our Class A common stock.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law
trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are the property of AppLovin Corporation. Other
trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners.
                                                                   
  Available Information                                            
                                                                   
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are filed with the SEC.
Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are
available free of charge on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com when such reports are available on the
SEC’s website. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at
www.sec.gov. The information contained on the websites referenced
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference
into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs are
intended to be inactive textual references only.

We announce material information to the public through filings with
the SEC, the investor relations page on our website, press
releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and our corporate blog
at blog.applovin.com in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary
distribution of information to the public and for complying with
our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We encourage
investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed
above and to review the information disclosed through such
channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through
which we will announce information will be posted on the investor
relations page on our website.
                                 8                                 
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS                                          │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described
below, together with all of the other information in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the
related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A
common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of
operations, or prospects could also be adversely affected by risks
and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we
currently believe are not material. If any of the risks actually
occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the
market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment.
                                                                   
  Risk Factor Summary                                              
                                                                   
Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of
risk because our business is subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties, as further described below. The principal factors
and uncertainties that make investing in our Class A common stock
subject to risk include, among other things:

Business, Operational, and Industry Factors
• the fluctuation in our results of operations;

• security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of data, or
other cyber incidents;

• our reliance on third-party platforms to distribute our AppLovin
Apps and collect revenue;

• our reliance on certain key employees and our ability to attract,
retain, and motivate key personnel;

• our ability to attract new clients, the loss of clients, or
reduction in spend by clients;

• competition in our industry and our ability to adapt to
technological change;

• our ability to address or mitigate technical limitations in our
systems and to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure;

• the impact of macroeconomic conditions and the geopolitical
climate;
• risks related to the expansion and diversification of our
operations, in the United States and globally, and possibly through
future strategic acquisitions and partnerships;
• risks related to our international operations;

• risks related to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
including integration, managing growth, and tax risks;

• our ability to realize the value of our Apps portfolio;

• our ability to maintain relationships with our partner studios;

• our ability to launch or acquire new AppLovin Apps and
successfully monetize or improve them and existing Apps;

• our ability to retain existing users or add new users cost-
effectively, or if users decrease their level of engagement;

• concentration of our revenue sources;

• our recent rapid growth, and ability to manage growth;

• our ability to increase in-app purchases ("IAPs"), respond to
changes with respect to IAPs, and manage the economies in our
AppLovin Apps;

• our ability to achieve or maintain profitability with increasing
operating expenses;

• risks related to not having long-term agreements with our
clients;

• AppLovin apps not meeting user expectations;

• our ability to maintain our culture and brand awareness;

• our ability to maintain a customer support ecosystem amongst the
proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers seeking to
exploit our mobile games and users;

• our reliance on third parties complying with their obligations;
Legal and Regulatory Matters
• changes in laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, AI, advertising,
tracking, targeting, and protection of minors;

• changes in U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and
still developing;

• the development and use of AI in our offerings and business;
                                 9                                 
Table of Contents

• compliance with governmental anti-bribery, export controls and
economic sanctions laws;

• changes in tax laws or tax rulings or exposure to greater than
anticipated tax liabilities;

• assertions by taxing authorities that we should have collected or
in the future should collect sales and use, value added, or similar
taxes;

• our ability to realize tax savings from our international
structure;

• liability for content that is distributed through or advertising
that is served through our Software Platform or Apps;

• expenses related to legal or regulatory proceedings and
settlements or laws and regulations affecting public companies;
Intellectual Property Factors
• our ability to protect or enforce our proprietary and
intellectual property rights or the costs involved in such
enforcement;

• our involvement in intellectual property disputes;

• our use of and compliance with open source software;

• our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual
property;
Financial and Accounting Matters
• our ability to maintain an effective system of disclosure
controls and internal control over financial reporting;

• our reliance on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of
our key metrics;

• the possibility that we may be required to record a significant
charge to earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired;

• substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit
facilities;

• our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our
significant debt service obligations;

• the availability of additional capital on acceptable terms;
Ownership of our Class A common stock and Governance
• the multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting
Agreement among the Voting Agreement Parties;

• our status as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements;

• volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock;

• the possibility that we may not realize the anticipated long-term
stockholder value of our share repurchase programs;

• the issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or
otherwise;

• provisions of Delaware law, the Voting Agreement, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated
bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest
difficult; and

• exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws.
                                                                   
  Risks Related to Our Business and Industry                       
                                                                   
Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate from period-to-
period, which could cause the market price of our Class A common
stock to decline.

Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are
likely to fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-
to-year in the future for a variety of reasons, many of which are
outside of our control and difficult to predict. As a result, you
should not rely upon our historical results of operations as
indicators of future performance. Numerous factors can influence
our results of operations, including:

• our ability to maintain and grow our client and user bases;

• changes to our Software Platform, Apps, or other offerings, or
the development and introduction of new software or development of
new mobile apps by our studios or our competitors;

• changes to the policies or practices of companies or governmental
agencies that determine access to third-party platforms, such as
the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, or to our Software
Platform, Apps, website, or the internet generally;

• changes to the policies or practices of third-party platforms,
such as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, including
with respect to Apple’s Identifier for Advertisers ("IDFA"), which
helps advertisers assess the
                                10                                 
Table of Contents

effectiveness of their advertising efforts, and with respect to
transparency regarding data processing;

• the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond our
current Software Platform and Apps;

• our ability to achieve the anticipated synergies from our
strategic acquisitions and effectively integrate new assets and
businesses acquired by us;

• the success of our strategic review of our Apps portfolio;

• the actions of our competitors, both with respect to their own
offerings and, to the extent such competitors are also our clients,
with respect to their use of our Software Platform;

• costs and expenses related to the strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, including costs related to integrating mobile gaming
studios or other companies that we acquire, as well as costs and
expenses related to the development of our Software Platform or
Apps;

• our ability to achieve or maintain profitability;

• increases in and timing of operating expenses that we may incur
to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive;

• system failures or outages, or actual or perceived breaches of
security or privacy, and the costs associated with preventing,
responding to, or remediating any such outages or breaches;

• changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including
with respect to privacy, data protection, and AI or actions by
governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent
decrees;

• charges associated with impairment of any assets on our balance
sheet or changes in our expected estimated useful life of property
and equipment and intangible assets;

• adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-
related costs and the fees associated with investigating and
defending claims;

• the overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by
the mix of income we earn in the United States and in jurisdictions
with comparatively lower tax rates;

• the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory
interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period such
laws are enacted or interpretations are issued and may
significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period;

• the application of new or changing financial accounting standards
or practices; and

• changes in regional or global business or macroeconomic
conditions, including as a result of uncertainty in the global
banking and financial services markets, political uncertainty and
international conflicts around the world, inflation, and high
interest rates, which may impact the other factors described above.

In particular, it is difficult to predict if, when, or how newly-
launched software may begin to generate revenue or decline in
popularity. Further, we cannot be certain if a new App will become
popular amongst users and generate revenue. The success of our
business depends in part on our ability to develop and enhance our
Software Platform and consistently and timely launch new Apps. It
is difficult for us to predict with certainty when we will expand
our Software Platform suite or launch a new App as we may require
longer development schedules or soft launch periods to meet our
quality standards and expectations. If our clients do not adopt our
new Software Platform offerings, or develop or further invest in
their own competing alternatives, or if we are unable to
successfully launch or acquire new Apps or maintain or improve
existing Apps, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. Fluctuations in our results of operations may
cause such results to fall below our financial guidance or the
expectations of analysts or investors, which could cause the market
price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or
user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or
other cyber incidents could harm our reputation and adversely
affect our business.

The advertising and mobile app ecosystems are prone to cyberattacks
by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or the
data of our clients or users or to disrupt our ability to provide
service. Our Software Platform, Apps, and other offerings involve
the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a large
amount of data, including personal information, and we and our
third-party service providers otherwise store and process
information, including our confidential and proprietary business
information, and personal information and other information
relating to our employees and clients or other third parties. We
also store and implement measures designed to secure the source
code for our Software Platform and Apps as they are created. Any
failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches or incidents
impacting our systems or other systems used in our business, or
improper access to or disclosure of our data, including source
code, or user data, including personal information, content, or
payment information from users, or information from clients or
other third parties, that is stored or otherwise processed in our
business could result in the unauthorized loss, modification,
disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of such data, or
unavailability of data or of our Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings. Any such event, or the perception it has occurred, could
adversely affect our business and reputation, damage our
operations, result in claims, litigation, or regulatory
investigations or enforcement actions, fines, penalties, or other
liability or obligations, and diminish our competitive position. In
                                11                                 
Table of Contents

particular, a breach or incident, whether physical, electronic, or
otherwise, impacting systems on which source code or other
sensitive data are stored could lead to loss, disruption,
unavailability, or piracy of, or damage to, our offerings, lost or
reduced ability to protect our intellectual property, and
diminished competitive position.

Computer malware (including ransomware), viruses, social
engineering (predominantly spear phishing attacks or smishing), and
general hacking have become more prevalent in the advertising and
mobile app ecosystems. Some of these have occurred on our systems
and otherwise in our business in the past, and we expect will
continue to occur in the future. We regularly encounter attempts to
create false or undesirable user accounts or take other actions for
purposes such as spamming or other objectionable ends. Any actual
or attempted breaches, incidents, or attacks may cause disruptions
or interruptions to our Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings, degrade the user experience, impair, disrupt, or
interrupt our internal systems and other systems and networks used
in our business, or adversely affect our reputation, business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Our efforts to
protect our data, user data, and information from clients,
partners, and other third parties, and to disable or otherwise
respond to undesirable activities on our Software Platform, Apps,
or other offerings, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs
or other technical defects, errors, or malfunctions; employee,
contractor, vendor, or partner error or malfeasance, including
defects or vulnerabilities in information technology systems or
offerings; cyberattacks, attacks designed to disrupt systems or
facilities, or breaches of physical security of our facilities or
technical infrastructure; or other threats that evolve.
Additionally, any such breach, incident, attack, malfunction,
defect, or vulnerability, or the perception that any of these has
occurred, may cause clients or users to lose confidence and trust
in our Software Platform or Apps and otherwise harm our reputation
and market position.

In addition, some developers or other business partners, such as
those that help us measure the effectiveness of advertisements, may
receive or store information provided by us or by our users through
mobile or web apps or other means. These third parties may
misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of
it. If these third parties fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data
security practices, or experience a breach of, or other security
incident impacting, their networks or systems, our data or our
users’ data may be lost, destroyed, or improperly accessed,
modified, disclosed, or otherwise misused. In such an event, or if
such an event is perceived to have occurred, we may suffer damage
to our reputation, may have increased costs arising from the
restoration or implementation of additional security measures and
other costs relating to the incident, and we may face claims,
demands, investigations, and other proceedings by private parties
or governmental actors, and fines, penalties, and other liability
or obligations, any of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Any theft or
unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other
confidential business information as a result of such an event
could also adversely affect our business, competitive position, and
results of operations.

Cyberattacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and
may be inherently difficult to detect for long periods of time.
Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed
to protect our data, user data, and information from our partners;
to prevent data loss, disable undesirable accounts and activities
on our Software Platform or Apps; and to prevent and detect
security breaches; we cannot assure you that such measures will
provide comprehensive security, that we have been or will be able
to identify breaches or other incidents or to react to them in a
timely manner or that our remediation efforts will be successful.
We experience cyberattacks and other security incidents of varying
degrees from time to time, and we may incur significant costs in
investigating, protecting against, litigating, or remediating such
incidents. We may face increased risks of cyberattacks and other
security incidents as a result of more employees working remotely,
our use of third-party systems designed to enable the transition to
a remote workforce introducing security risks and increased
cyberattacks, such as phishing attacks by threat actors as a method
for targeting personnel. Further, in connection with international
conflicts around the world, such as in Ukraine and the Middle East,
there may be a heightened risk of potential cyberattacks by state
actors or others.

Additionally, our Software Platform and other offerings operate in
conjunction with, and we are in some cases dependent upon, third-
party products, services, and components. Our ability to monitor
our third-party service providers’ data security is limited, and in
any event, attackers may be able to circumvent our third-party
service providers’ data security measures. There have been and may
continue to be significant attacks on certain third-party
providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party
providers’ systems and networks have not been breached or that they
do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a
breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems
and networks of third parties that support us and our platform and
service. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug
in one of these third-party products, services, and components and
if there is a security exploit targeting them, we could face
increased costs, claims, liability, and additional or new
obligations, reduced revenue, and harm to our reputation or
competitive position. We and our service providers may be unable to
anticipate these techniques, react, remediate or otherwise address
any security vulnerability, breach or other security incident in a
timely manner, or implement adequate preventative measures.

Further, we utilize AI technologies in our Software Platform and
Apps and may expand such use in the future. Our use of AI
technologies, and the use of AI technologies in third-party
products and services, may create additional cybersecurity risks or
increase cybersecurity risks, including risks of security breaches
and incidents, and related liability and harm to our reputation.
Further, AI technologies may be used in connection with certain
cybersecurity attacks, resulting in heightened risks of security
breaches and incidents.

In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are
making significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and
content review efforts to combat misuse of our services and user
data by third parties. As a result of these efforts, we anticipate
that we will discover incidents of misuse of user data or other
undesirable activity by third parties. We may not discover all such
incidents or activity, in connection with such efforts or
otherwise, whether owing to our data limitations, the scale of
activity on our Software Platform, challenges related to our
personnel working remotely, the re-allocation of resources to other
                                12                                 
Table of Contents

projects, or other factors, and we may be notified of such
incidents or activity by users, the media, or other third parties.
Such incidents and activities have in the past, and may in the
future, include the use or other processing of user data or our
systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or
policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts,
improper advertising practices, activities that threaten people’s
safety on- or offline or instances of spamming, scraping, data
harvesting, or unsecured datasets. We may also be unsuccessful in
our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate or
respond to any such incidents effectively or in a timely manner.
Any of the foregoing developments, or any reports of them occurring
or the perception that any of them has occurred, could adversely
affect user trust and engagement, harm our brand and reputation,
require us to change our business practices, result in claims,
demands, investigations, and other proceedings by private parties
or governmental actors, and fines, penalties, and other liability
or obligations, and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United
States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, a
number of which provide a private right of action. Many
jurisdictions have enacted breach notification obligations, and our
agreements with certain customers or partners may require us to
notify them or fulfill other obligations in the event of a security
breach. Affected users or government authorities could initiate
legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any
actual or perceived security breaches or improper access to or
disclosure of data, which has occurred in the past and which could
cause us to incur significant expense and liability, distract
management and technical personnel, and result in orders or consent
decrees forcing us to modify our business practices and to pay
fines or penalties. Such actual or perceived incidents or our
efforts to remediate such incidents may also result in a decline in
our active user base or engagement levels. We are seeing an
increase in inquiries from our partners regarding audit
certifications, such as SOC 2, Type II or ISO 27001, which we have
not yet achieved. Any of these events could adversely affect our
reputation, business, financial condition, or results of
operations.

Our insurance coverage may not extend to all types of privacy and
data security breaches or other incidents, and it may be
insufficient to cover all costs and expenses associated with such
incidents. Further, such insurance may not continue to be available
to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all,
and insurers may deny us coverage as to any future claim. The
successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that
exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes
in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the
imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
reputation, financial condition, or results of operations.

We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect
revenue, and if our ability to do so is harmed, or such third-party
platforms change their policies in such a way that restricts our
business, increases our expenses, or limits the information we
derive from our Apps, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem depends in part on a relatively small
number of third-party distribution platforms, such as the Apple App
Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook, some of which are
direct competitors. We derive significant revenue from the
distribution of our Apps through these third-party platforms and
almost all of our IAPs are made through the payment processing
systems of these third-party platforms. We are subject to the
standard policies and terms of service of such third-party
platforms, which generally govern the promotion, distribution,
content, and operation of applications on such platforms. Each
platform provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its
terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other
mobile app companies, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. A
platform provider may also change its fee structure, add fees
associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how mobile
apps are labeled or are able to advertise on its platform, change
how the personal information of its users is made available to
developers on its platform, limit the use of personal information
for advertising purposes, restrict how users can share information
on its platform or across platforms, or significantly increase the
level of compliance or requirements necessary to use its platform.

For example, in April 2021, Apple started implementing its
application tracking transparency framework that, among other
things, requires users' opt-in consent for certain types of
tracking. While this transparency framework has not had a
significant impact on our overall business, it may in the future,
including with respect to the effectiveness of our advertising
practices and/or our ability to efficiently generate revenue for
our Apps. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with data that
helps our Software Platform better market and monetize Apps. In
light of the IDFA and transparency changes, we made changes to our
data collection practices. To the extent we are unable to utilize
IDFA or a similar offering, or if the transparency changes and any
related opt-in or other requirements result in decreases in the
availability or utility of data relating to Apps, our Software
Platform may not be as effective, we may not be able to continue to
efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and our revenue and
results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, Apple
implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding
privacy and data processing practices in December 2020, which has
resulted in increased compliance requirements and could result in
decreased usage of our Apps. Apple incorporated new SDK privacy
controls into iOS 17, which was released in September 2023,
including privacy manifests and signatures designed to allow app
developers to outline the data practices for SDKs embedded in their
apps, manage tracking domains within SDKs, and curb device
fingerprinting by requiring app developers to select allowed
reasons for using data received through certain APIs. Apple
indicated that it expects privacy manifests and signatures to
become part of the App Store review in Spring 2024.

Similarly, in February 2022, Google announced its Privacy Sandbox
initiative for Android, a multi-year effort expected to restrict
tracking activity and limit advertisers' ability to collect app and
user data across Android devices. In January 2024, Google commenced
rolling out a Chrome feature called Tracking Protection, that
limits cross-site tracking by restricting website access to third-
party cookies by default. Additionally, in January 2024, Google
started to roll out new CMP requirements for ads served in
                                13                                 
Table of Contents

the EEA and UK, which require publishers using Google AdSense, Ad
Manager, or AdMob to use a CMPs certified by Google and integrated
with the IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework when serving ads
to users in the EEA or the UK. According to Google, if publishers
do not adopt a Google-certified CMP, only limited ads will be
eligible to serve in the EEA and UK. To adapt to these changes, we
released the MAX SDK version 12.0.0. to support integration with
Google's CMP solution. While to date these third-party platform
privacy changes have had some impact on the discoverability of apps
across these platforms, and have had a relatively muted aggregate
impact on our results of operations, the ultimate impact of these
or any similar or future changes to the policies of Apple or Google
may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

If we violate, or a distribution platform provider believes we have
violated, a distribution platform’s terms of service, or if there
is any change or deterioration in our relationship with such
distribution provider, that platform provider could limit or
discontinue our access to its platform. For example, in August
2020, Apple and Google removed a mobile game developed by one of
our competitors from their platforms for violating their standard
policies and terms of service. If one of our distribution platform
partners were to limit or discontinue the distribution of our Apps
on their platform, it could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We also rely on the continued popularity, user adoption, and
functionality of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these
platform providers have been unavailable for short periods of time
or experienced issues with their in-app purchasing functionality.
In addition, third-party platforms also impose certain file size
limitations, which may limit the ability of users to download some
of our larger Apps in over-the-air updates. Aside from these over-
the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size could cause
users to delete our mobile games once the file size grows beyond
the capacity of their devices’ storage limitations or could reduce
the number of downloads of these mobile games.

If issues arise with third-party platforms that impact the
visibility or availability of our Apps, our users’ ability to
access our Apps or our ability to monetize our Apps, or otherwise
impact the design or effectiveness of our Software Platform, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

We are highly dependent on our co-founder and chief executive
officer, as well as our senior management team, and our business
and growth may be adversely affected if we fail to attract, retain,
and motivate key personnel.

Our future success depends in significant part on the continued
service of our key management and engineering personnel, including
our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson, Adam Foroughi. Our ability to
compete and grow depends in part on the efforts and talents of
these employees and executives, who are important to our vision,
strategic direction, culture, products, and technology. We do not
have employment agreements, other than offer letters, with Mr.
Foroughi or other members of our senior management team, and we do
not maintain key-man insurance for members of our senior management
team. The loss of Mr. Foroughi or any other member of our senior
management team could cause disruption and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, or results of operations.

In addition, our ability to execute our strategy depends in part on
our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and
retain highly skilled employees, particularly in the competitive
fields of game development, product management, engineering, AI,
machine learning, and data science. We believe that our corporate
culture has been an important factor in our ability to hire and
retain key employees, and if we are unable to maintain our
corporate culture as we grow, we may be unable to foster the
innovation, creativity, and teamwork we believe we need to support
our growth. While we believe we compete favorably, competition for
highly skilled employees is intense, particularly in Silicon
Valley, where our headquarters is located. Interviewing, hiring,
and integrating new employees has been and will continue to be
challenging as we continue to navigate the global remote working
environment. With the general shift to remote work, we are able to
tap into candidate pools previously unavailable to us, but
candidates have also sought increased flexibility and may have more
options available to them. We have and will continue to devote
increased efforts to maintaining our collaborative culture,
including through the use of videoconferencing and other online
communication and sharing tools, and to monitoring the health,
safety, morale, and productivity of our employees, including new
employees, as we evaluate the impacts of the global remote working
environment on our business and employees. If we are unable to
identify, hire, and retain highly skilled employees, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

We have historically hired a number of key personnel and additional
team members working on our Software Platform and Apps through
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, and as competition within
the advertising and mobile app ecosystems for attractive target
companies with a skilled employee base persists and increases, we
may incur significant expenses and difficulty in continuing this
practice. The loss of talented employees with experience in the
assets we acquire could result in significant disruptions to our
business and the integration of acquired assets and businesses. If
we do not succeed in recruiting, retaining, and motivating these
key employees, we may not achieve the anticipated results of
acquisitions.

The failure to attract new clients, the loss of clients, or a
reduction in spending by these clients could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

A significant portion of our revenue is Software Platform Revenue
and In-App Advertising ("IAA") Revenue from our Apps. Software
Platform Revenue is mostly from AppDiscovery and is generated from
our advertisers, typically on a performance-based, cost-per-install
basis, then shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a
cost per impression model. IAA Revenue generated from our Apps
comes from advertisers that purchase ad inventory from our diverse
portfolio of mobile games. As is common in the advertising
ecosystem, our clients do not have long-term advertising
commitments with us. Our success depends in part on our ability to
satisfy our advertising partners.
                                14                                 
Table of Contents

Revenue could also be impacted by a number of other factors,
including:

• our ability to attract and retain clients;

• our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of
our advertising and maintain and improve our AI-powered advertising
engine AXON;

• our ability to maintain or increase advertiser demand and third-
party publisher supply, the quantity, or quality of advertisements
shown to users, or our pricing of advertisements;

• our ability to continue to increase user access to and engagement
with our Apps;

• mobile app changes or inventory management decisions we may make
that change the size, format, frequency, or relative prominence of
advertisements displayed on our Apps;

• our ability to recruit, train, and retain personnel to support
continued growth of our Software Platform;

• our ability to establish and maintain our brand and reputation;

• loss of market share to our competitors, including if competitors
offer lower priced, more integrated, or otherwise more effective
products;

• the development and success of technologies designed to block the
display of advertisements or block our ad measurement tools, which
have in the past impacted and may in the future impact our
business, or technologies that make it easier for users to opt out
of behavioral targeting;

• the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics
and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that
demonstrate the value of our Software Platform to advertisers,
developers and publishers, or our ability to further improve such
tools;

• government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal
developments relating to advertising, including developments that
may impact our ability to deliver, target, or measure the
effectiveness of advertising;

• changes that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the
effectiveness of advertising, including changes to policies by
mobile operating system and third-party platform providers, and the
degree to which users opt in or opt out of certain types of ad
targeting as a result of changes and controls implemented in
connection with such policy changes and with the E.U. General Data
Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"), ePrivacy Directive, the
California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") as amended by the
California Privacy Rights Act (the "CPRA") and similar U.S. privacy
laws in other states, and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection
Act (the "COPPA");

• decisions by clients to reduce their advertising due to concerns
about legal liability or uncertainty regarding their own legal and
compliance obligations, or due to negative publicity, regardless of
its accuracy, involving us, our user data practices, advertising
metrics or tools, our Software Platform or Apps, or other companies
in our industry; and

• the impact of macroeconomic conditions, inflation, high interest
rates, uncertainty in the global banking and financial services
markets, political uncertainty and international conflicts around
the world, such as in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as,
friction between the United States and China, and responses
thereto, and seasonality, whether in the advertising industry in
general, or among specific types of advertisers or within
particular geographies.

From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected
our revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or
other factors in the future could result in a reduction in demand
for our Software Platform and use of our Apps, which may reduce the
prices we receive for our advertisements or cause clients to stop
advertising with us altogether, either of which would adversely
affect our business and results of operations. The failure to
attract new clients, loss of clients, or reduction in spending by
clients could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

The advertising ecosystem and mobile gaming are intensely
competitive. If clients or users prefer our competitors’ products
or services over our own, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

We face significant competition in the advertising ecosystem and in
mobile gaming. We offer a suite of solutions for advertisers to get
their content discovered and downloaded by the right users,
optimize return on marketing spend, and maximize the monetization
of their engagement. We collect revenue from clients for fees paid
by advertisers, including developers, that use our Software
Platform and from the sale of advertising inventory of our Apps.
Advertisers often engage with several advertising platforms and
networks to purchase advertisements and developers often engage
with multiple tools to market and monetize their apps. Accordingly,
we face significant competition from traditional, online, and
mobile businesses that provide ad networks and platforms, mobile
apps and games, media, and other services for advertisers to reach
relevant audiences. We also face competition from providers of
developer tools that enable developers to reach their audiences or
manage or optimize their advertising campaigns. These companies
vary in size and include Facebook, Google, and Unity Software as
well as various private companies. Several of these companies,
including Facebook, Google, and Unity Software, are also our
partners and clients. Additionally, our studios build many of our
Apps using the development kits offered by Unity Software. Changes
in pricing or the terms on which developers engage with companies
in the mobile app ecosystem, such as
                                15                                 
Table of Contents

the pricing changes announced by Unity Software in September 2023,
could negatively impact our studios and the mobile app ecosystem
generally. Clients who are also competitors may decide to invest in
their own offerings rather than continue to use our Software
Platform or advertise on our Apps.

Additionally, we also compete with businesses that develop online
and mobile games and other mobile apps, which vary in size and
include companies such as Activision Blizzard (which entered into
an agreement to be acquired by Microsoft), Tencent, and Zynga
(Take-Two Interactive), as well as other public and private
companies. Many of these companies are also our partners and
clients. As we expand our global operations and mobile app
offerings, we increasingly face competition from high-profile
companies with significant online presences that may introduce new
or expanded offerings, such as Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft,
and Snap. In addition, other large companies that to date have not
actively focused on mobile apps or gaming may decide to develop
mobile apps or gaming offerings, such as Amazon’s games platform,
or partner with other developers. Some of these current and
potential competitors have significantly greater resources that can
be used to develop, acquire, or brand additional mobile apps or
gaming alternatives, and may have more diversified revenue sources
than we do and therefore may be less severely affected by changes
in consumer preferences, regulations, or other developments that
may impact our business or industry.

Further, as there are relatively low barriers to entry to develop
and publish a mobile app, we expect new competitors to enter the
market and existing competitors to allocate more resources towards
developing and marketing competing games and apps. Because our
mobile games are free-to-play, our Apps compete primarily on the
basis of user experience rather than price. The proliferation of
apps makes it difficult for us to differentiate ourselves from our
competitors and compete for users and the success of our Apps will
depend in part on our Software Platform continuing to provide
effective marketing and monetization tools.

We also face competition for advertising spending and for the
discretionary spending, leisure time, and attention of our users
from game platforms such as personal computer and console games,
and other leisure time activities, such as television, movies,
music, sports, and the internet. During periods of macroeconomic
uncertainty, levels of advertising and discretionary spending have
historically decreased and are likely to decrease and therefore
this competition may intensify, which has at times harmed and may
in the future harm our revenue. In addition, non-game applications
for mobile devices, such as social media and messaging, television,
movies, music, dating, and sports, have become increasingly
popular, making the overall mobile app ecosystem highly fragmented
and making it more difficult for any mobile app to differentiate
itself. To the extent we explore new business opportunities in the
mobile app ecosystem or otherwise, we may also compete with
established businesses with more experience in such areas. Our
future growth depends in part on the overall health of the mobile
app ecosystem and in particular, mobile gaming. Increasing
competition could result in decreases in our App users, increased
user acquisition costs, lower engagement with our Apps, and loss of
key personnel, all of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, or results of operations.

Some of our current and potential competitors may be domiciled in
different countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory
regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than us,
particularly outside of the United States. Some of our current and
potential competitors may have greater resources, more diversified
revenue streams, better technological or data analytics
capabilities, or stronger brands or competitive positions in
certain product segments, geographic regions, or user demographics
than we do. If clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or
services over our own, or if our competitors are better able to
adapt to changes in the preferences of advertisers or users,
regulations, or other developments, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The advertising ecosystem and mobile gaming are subject to rapid
technological change, and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately
allocate our resources among, emerging technologies and business
models, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Technology changes rapidly in the advertising ecosystem and in
mobile gaming. Our future success depends in part on our ability to
adapt to trends and to innovate. To attract new clients and users
and increase revenue from our current clients and users, we will
need to enhance and improve our Software Platform and Apps.
Enhancements of our existing technology and offerings, and new
offerings, may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective
manner and may contain errors or defects.

Our business also currently depends in part on the growth and
evolution of the internet, especially mobile internet-enabled
devices. The number of people using mobile internet-enabled devices
has increased rapidly over time, and we expect that this trend will
continue. However, the advertising ecosystem and mobile gaming may
not grow in the way we anticipate. We must continually anticipate
and adapt to emerging technologies to stay competitive, including
the development of AI and its impacts on the advertising ecosystem
and mobile gaming. As the technological infrastructure for internet
access improves and evolves, consumers will be presented with more
opportunities to access apps and play games on a variety of devices
and platforms and to experience other leisure activities that may
compete with mobile apps. Forecasting the financial impact of these
emerging technologies and business models is inherently uncertain
and volatile. If we decide to support a new technology or business
model in the future, it may require partnering with a new platform,
technology, or business partner, which may be on terms that are
less favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or
business models.

To invest in a new technology or expand our offerings, we must
invest financial resources and management attention. We may invest
significant resources in a new offering or in a strategic
acquisition or partnership, which could prove unsuccessful or
prevent us from directing these resources towards other
opportunities. We may never recover the often-substantial up-front
costs of developing and marketing emerging technologies or business
models, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting
                                16                                 
Table of Contents

management and financial resources. Further, our competitors may
adopt an emerging technology or business model more quickly or
effectively than we do, creating products that are technologically
superior to ours or attract more users than ours.

If, on the other hand, we do not continue to enhance our Software
Platform or Apps, or do not appropriately allocate our resources
amongst opportunities, or we otherwise elect not to pursue new
business models that achieve significant commercial success, we may
face adverse consequences. For example, we do not currently offer
our Apps on all devices or all gaming platforms. If the devices on
which our Apps are available decline in popularity or become
obsolete faster than anticipated, or if new platforms emerge other
than those on which our games are offered, we could experience a
decline in revenue and in our number of App users, and we may not
achieve the anticipated return on our development efforts. It may
take significant time and expenditures to shift product development
resources to new technologies, and it may be more difficult to
compete against existing products incorporating such technologies.
If new technologies render mobile devices obsolete or we are unable
to successfully adapt to and appropriately allocate our resources
amongst current and new technologies, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our Software Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems,
rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any
errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to
address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems, could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Our Software Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems,
rely on software and hardware, including AI technologies, that are
highly technical and complex. In addition, our Software Platform
and Apps, as well as our internal systems, depend in part on the
ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process,
and manage immense amounts of data. The software and hardware on
which we rely has contained, and will in the future contain,
errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities and our systems are subject to
certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to
meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities
inherently may be difficult to detect and may only be discovered
after the code has been released for external or internal use.
Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical
limitations within the software and hardware on which we rely have
in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes
including a negative experience for clients and users who use our
offerings, compromised ability of our offerings to perform in a
manner consistent with our terms, contracts, or policies, delayed
product or App launches or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or
billing errors, compromised ability to protect the data of our
users and/or our intellectual property, or reductions in our
ability to provide some or all of our services. To the extent such
errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects impact our Software
Platform or the accuracy of data in the Software Platform, our
clients may become dissatisfied with our offerings, our brand and
reputation may be harmed, and we may make operational decisions,
such as with respect to our Apps using such Software Platform or
any future strategic acquisition, that are based on inaccurate
data. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems
or the software and hardware on which we rely, failures to properly
address or mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or
associated degradations or interruptions of service or failures to
fulfill our commitments to our clients may lead to outcomes
including damage to our reputation, increased product engineering
expenses, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines,
damages, or other remedies, any of which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to maintain and scale
our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption to our
Software Platform or Apps could damage our reputation, result in a
potential loss of engagement, and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our reputation and ability to attract and retain our clients and
users depends in part on the reliable performance of our Software
Platform and Apps. We have in the past experienced, and may in the
future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance
of our offerings from time to time. Our systems may not be
adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and
redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that
could be harmful to our business. If our offerings are unavailable
when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as
quickly as expected, users may not use our offerings as often in
the future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business
and results of operations. As we continue to grow, we will need an
increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network
capacity and computing power, to continue to satisfy our needs and
the needs of our clients and users. It is possible that we may fail
to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical
infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands, which may
adversely affect our user engagement and revenue growth.
Additionally, we rely in part on third-party data centers. Our
business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures
resulting from natural disasters and other events outside of our
control that impact us or these third-party providers. If such an
event were to occur, users may be subject to service disruptions or
outages and we may not be able to recover our technical
infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to restart or
provide our services. If we fail to efficiently scale and manage
our infrastructure, or if events disrupt our infrastructure or
those of our third-party providers, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our business is subject to global economic, market, public health,
and geopolitical conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond
our control and could adversely affect our revenue and results of
operations.

General macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation, high interest
rates, or a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or
internationally, including those resulting from uncertainty in the
global banking and financial services markets, political
uncertainty and international conflicts around the world, such as
between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well as,
friction between the United States and China, could create
uncertainty and adversely affect discretionary consumer spending
habits and preferences as well as advertising spending. Our revenue
is driven in part by discretionary consumer spending habits and
preferences, and by advertising spending patterns. Historically,
consumer purchasing and advertising spending have each declined
during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty regarding
future economic prospects or
                                17                                 
Table of Contents

when disposable income or consumer lending is lower. In certain
periods in 2022, we experienced the impacts of the macroeconomic
deterioration as advertisers more closely managed budgets and
reduced overall spend, which resulted in slowed growth for our
Software Platform. Uncertain economic conditions may impact
advertiser spending in future periods and may also adversely affect
our clients. As a result, we may be unable to continue to grow in
the event of future economic slowdowns. In addition, the economic
conditions affecting the financial markets, and uncertainty in
global economic conditions may result in a number of adverse
effects including a low level of liquidity in domestic and global
markets, volatility in credit, equity, and currencies and
instability in the stock market. There could be a number of other
follow-on effects from these economic developments on our business,
including customer insolvencies, decreased demand for our marketing
solutions; decreased customer ability to pay their accounts, and
increased collections risk and defaults. We are particularly
susceptible to market conditions and risks associated with the
advertising ecosystem, including changes in user demographics, the
availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment, and
critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may
change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and
geopolitical conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond our
control. For example, we have a partner studio located in Belarus
and we have employees located in Israel. The impact of the
international conflict between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle
East will likely result in our continuing to incur costs to support
our partner studio and employees and address related challenges. In
addition, our management has spent time and attention on these and
related events and will continue to monitor and assess the ongoing
disruptions to our team members, our management, and our
operations, each of which could potentially harm our business. We
may also experience interruptions or delays in the services they
provide to us as a result of such geopolitical volatilities.

Further, we have operations in China and the continuing tension
between the U.S. and China may impact our business and results of
operations in the future. The U.S. government has restricted the
ability to send certain products and technology to China without an
export license. In many cases, these licenses are subject to a
policy of denial and will not be issued. While our current products
are not restricted by these controls, such controls or future
restrictions could impact our business in the future. It also is
possible that the Chinese government will retaliate in ways that
could impact our business.

While not material to the operation of our business, management and
our board of directors have discussed and assessed, and will
continue to discuss and assess, any risks related to international
conflicts around the world, such as in Ukraine and the Middle East,
as well as, tension between the United States. and China, including
but not limited to, risks related to cybersecurity, sanctions,
regulatory changes, and personnel based in affected regions to
ensure we are prepared to react to new developments or further
sanctions as they arise. If we are unable to promptly or properly
react to new developments or further sanctions related to that
region, we may be subject to penalties or other negative
consequences which could adversely impact our business.

Our principal offices are located in Palo Alto, an area known for
earthquakes and susceptible to fires, and are thus vulnerable to
damage. All of our facilities are also vulnerable to damage from
natural or manmade disasters, including power loss, earthquakes,
fires, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist
attacks, contagious disease outbreak (such as the COVID-19
pandemic), and similar events. If any disaster were to occur, our
ability to operate our business at our facilities could be impaired
and we could incur significant losses, recovery from which may
require substantial time and expense.

We plan to continue to consider opportunities to expand and
diversify our operations through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. We face a number of risks related to strategic
transactions we may pursue.

We will continue to consider opportunities to expand and diversify
our operations with additional strategic acquisitions or
partnerships, strategic collaborations, joint ventures, or
licensing arrangements. As we continue to grow, these transactions
may be larger and require significant investments, such as our
acquisitions of Adjust, the MoPub business, and Wurl.

We may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions
or partnerships for many reasons, including our ability to identify
suitable targets, increasing competition from other potential
acquirers, the effects of consolidation in our industries,
potentially high valuations of acquisition candidates, and the
availability of financing to complete larger acquisitions. Even if
we do complete any such transactions, we may incur significant
costs, such as professional service fees or publisher bonuses.
Further, completing larger acquisitions or other strategic
transactions can involve significantly more risk in that such
transactions involve complicated integrations and require
significant management attention to complete, and these large
strategic transactions could introduce additional exposure to
regulatory and compliance risk. In addition, applicable antitrust
laws and other regulations may limit our ability to acquire
targets, particularly larger targets, or force us to divest an
acquired business. If we are unable to identify suitable targets or
complete acquisitions, or if such acquisitions lead to heightened
regulatory or compliance risk, our growth prospects could be
adversely affected, and we may not be able to realize sufficient
scale and technological advantages to compete effectively in all
markets.

To complete large strategic transactions, we may need to spend
significant amounts of cash, which may not be available to us on
acceptable terms, if at all, or which could lead us to incur
additional debt (and increased interest expense), assume contingent
liabilities or amortization expenses related to intangible assets,
or write-offs of goodwill and intangible assets. In addition, we
may need to issue significant amounts of equity or equity-linked
consideration, which may dilute our current stockholders’ ownership
and could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock.
Further, we generally devote more time and resources towards
performing diligence on larger transactions and may be required to
devote more resources towards regulatory requirements in connection
with such transactions. To the extent that we do not perform
sufficient diligence on a larger acquisition or such a transaction
does not generate the expected benefits, our business, financial
condition, and results of
                                18                                 
Table of Contents

operations will be harmed, and to a greater extent than would occur
with a smaller transaction.

Absent such strategic transactions, we would need to undertake
additional development or commercialization activities at our own
expense. If we elect to fund and undertake such additional efforts
on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and
additional capital, which may not be available to our company on
acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to do any of the
foregoing, we may not be able to develop our Software Platform and
Apps effectively or achieve our expected product roadmap on a
timely basis, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

The benefits of a strategic acquisition or partnership may also
take considerable time to develop, and we cannot be certain that
any particular strategic acquisition or partnership will produce
the intended benefits. If we are unable to identify and complete
strategic acquisitions or partnerships or realize the anticipated
benefits from such transactions, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our international operations are subject to increased challenges
and risks.

We expect to continue to expand our international operations in the
future by opening new offices, entering into strategic partnerships
with new international game studios, acquiring companies that may
have international operations, and providing our Apps in additional
countries and languages. For example, our resources are located
throughout the world, including in areas with less certain legal
and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, such as Belarus,
China, Israel and Vietnam and with partners in Russia and Ukraine.
Expanding our international operations may subject us to risks
associated with:

• recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and
employees in foreign countries;

• challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural
differences;

• developing and customizing Software Platform and Apps that appeal
to the tastes and preferences of users in international markets;

• the inability to offer certain Software Platform or Apps in
certain foreign countries;

• competition from local mobile app developers with intellectual
property rights and significant market share in those markets and
with a better understanding of user preferences;

• utilizing, protecting, defending, and enforcing our intellectual
property rights;

• negotiating agreements with local distribution platforms that are
sufficiently economically beneficial to us and protective of our
rights;

• the inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content,
or technology into new jurisdictions;

• implementing alternative payment methods for features and virtual
goods in a manner that complies with local laws and practices and
protects us from fraud;

• compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations,
including anti-bribery laws, privacy laws, and laws relating to
content and consumer protection (for example, the United Kingdom’s
Office of Fair Trading’s 2014 principles relating to IAPs in free-
to-play games that are directed toward children 16 and under);

• credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;

• currency exchange rate fluctuations;

• protectionist laws and business practices that favor local
businesses in certain countries;

• double taxation of our international earnings and potentially
adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws in the
United States or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;

• political, economic, macro-economic climate and social
instability, including impacts related to labor, supply chain
disruptions, inflation, and as a result of war, terrorism, or armed
conflict, including international conflicts around the world, such
as between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well as,
increasing friction between the United States and China and the
impacts on their respective regions and the regional and global
economy;

• public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can
result in varying impacts to our employees, clients, users,
advertisers, app developers, and business partners internationally;

• higher costs associated with doing business internationally,
including costs related to local advisors;

• export or import regulations; and

• trade and tariff restrictions.

Our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any
particular international market is uncertain and, in the past, we
have experienced difficulties and have not been successful in all
the countries we have entered. If we are unable to continue to
expand internationally or manage the complexity of our global
operations successfully, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.
                                19                                 
Table of Contents

We have experienced significant growth through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, and we face risks related to the
integration of such acquisitions and the management of such growth.

As part of our growth strategy, we have frequently acquired
companies, businesses, personnel, and technologies, and we intend
to continue to evaluate and pursue strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. For example, we acquired Adjust GmbH in April 2021,
Twitter's MoPub business in January 2022 and Wurl, Inc. in April
2022. Each acquisition requires unique approaches to integration
due to, among other reasons, the structure of the acquisition, the
size, locations, and cultural differences among their team and
ours, and has required, and will continue to require, attention
from our management team. As we continue to grow, the size of our
acquisitions and investments has increased and may continue to
increase. In addition to the larger purchase prices associated with
such acquisitions and investments, larger acquisitions and
investments may also require additional management resources to
integrate more significant and often more complex businesses into
our company. We will continue to explore and evaluate additional
acquisitions, some of which may be the same size or even larger in
scale and investment than our recent acquisitions.

Our future success depends in part on our ability to integrate
these acquisitions and manage these businesses, partnerships, and
transactions effectively. If we are unable to obtain the
anticipated benefits or synergies of such acquisitions, or we
encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with ours,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected.

Challenges and risks from such strategic acquisitions and
partnerships include:

• diversion of our management’s attention in the acquisition and
integration process, including oversight over acquired businesses
which continue their operations under contingent consideration
provisions in acquisition agreements;

• declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from
changes in compensation, or changes in management, reporting
relationships, or future performance;

• the need to integrate the operations, systems, technologies,
products, and personnel of each acquired company, the
inefficiencies and lack of control that may result if such
integration is delayed or not implemented, and unforeseen
difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with
integration;

• costs associated with onboarding clients of an acquired business;

• the need to implement internal controls, procedures, and policies
appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at companies
that prior to acquisition may not have as robust controls,
procedures, and policies, in particular, with respect to the
effectiveness of internal controls, cyber and information security
practices and incident response plans, compliance with privacy,
data protection, and other regulations protecting the rights of
clients and users, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies
and sanctions which may not have previously been applicable to the
acquired company’s operations;

• the difficulty in accurately forecasting and accounting for the
financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including
accounting charges, write-offs of deferred revenue under purchase
accounting, and integrating and reporting results for acquired
companies that have not historically followed GAAP;

• the implementation of restructuring actions and cost reduction
initiatives to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies;

• the fact that we may be required to pay contingent consideration
in excess of the initial fair value, and contingent consideration
may become payable at a time when we do not have sufficient cash
available to pay such consideration;

• in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate
operations across different cultures and languages and to address
the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks
associated with specific countries as well as tax risks that may
arise from the acquisition;

• increasing legal, regulatory, and compliance exposure, and the
additional costs related to mitigate each of those, as a result of
adding new offices, employees and other service providers, benefit
plans, equity, job types, and lines of business globally; and

• liability for activities of the acquired company before the
acquisition, including intellectual property, commercial, and other
litigation claims or disputes, cyber and information security
vulnerabilities, violations of laws, rules and regulations,
including with respect to employee classification, tax liabilities,
and other known and unknown liabilities.

If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage our
acquisitions and strategic partnerships, we may not realize the
expected benefits of such transactions or become exposed to
additional liabilities, and our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.
                                20                                 
Table of Contents

Our strategic review of our Apps portfolio may not result in
sustained improvements to our financial performance, strategy, or
operations, and we face a number of risks related to such review.

While we have substantially completed our strategic review of our
Apps portfolio and its cost structure, we continue to optimize the
portfolio, focusing on identifying those assets which contribute
value and how best to optimize each of those asset’s contribution
to our overall financial performance. This review resulted in the
divestiture or closure of certain studios, a reduction of
headcount, restructuring of earn out arrangements, and other
changes to our Apps portfolio, such as restructuring of certain
assets or choosing to make changes to optimize the cost structure
of certain Apps rather than investing in revenue growth. For
example, we have reduced our user acquisition spend for our
portfolio of Apps as we increased our desired return goals, which
has led to improved Apps Adjusted EBITDA margin compared to periods
before such adjustments, but also contributed to a decline in Apps
revenue and Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs") compared to periods
before such adjustments. In addition, our strategic review and any
restructuring actions may lead to claims being made on behalf of
affected employees, which could result in complaints by current and
former employees, adverse media coverage, investigations, and
damages or penalties which could affect our reputation, business,
and results of operations. In addition, responding to any such
proceeding may result in a significant diversion of management's
attention and resources, significant defense costs, and other
professional fees. We may not achieve the desired strategic,
operational, and financial benefits of any divestiture or other
strategic transaction, or any other action taken as a result of our
strategic review, and we may incur near term impacts to our results
of operations due to our strategic review. For example, in 2022 we
incurred $127.9 million in impairment and loss in connection with
the sale of certain assets resulting from our strategic review of
the Apps portfolio. As a result of this review, we may be subject
to risks related to a decline in the business or employee morale
and turnover, as well as distraction of management from our
business and customers, and investors may not react favorably to
our decisions, which could adversely affect our business, results
of operations and the market price of our Class A common stock. If
our strategic review does not result in our proposed outcomes or
meet our strategic objectives, our business, results of operations
and financial condition could be adversely affected.

While our portfolio review is substantially complete, we continue
to carefully consider the full range of options to optimize our
Apps portfolio and maximize value to our shareholders, including
periodically evaluating potential transactions with third parties
related to our Apps portfolio and other strategic and financial
alternatives. However, we can provide no assurance that any
transaction with a third party or other strategic alternative, if
pursued, will have a positive impact on our results of operations
or financial condition.

Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships may expose us to tax
risks.

From time to time, we have acquired and may acquire companies,
assets, businesses, and technologies and we have entered into and
may enter into other strategic partnerships and transactions. We
face a variety of tax risks related to such transactions, including
that we may be required to make tax withholdings in various
jurisdictions in connection with such transactions or as part of
our continuing operations following a transaction, and that the
companies or businesses we acquire may cause us to alter our
international tax structure or otherwise create more complexity
with respect to tax matters. Additionally, while we typically
include indemnification provisions in our definitive agreements
related to strategic acquisitions and partnerships, these
indemnification provisions may be insufficient in the event that
tax liabilities are greater than expected or in areas that are not
fully covered by indemnification. If we are unable to adequately
predict and address such tax issues as they arise, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming
studios, and a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our
ability to launch new Apps as well as our brand and reputation.

From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with
mobile gaming studios in addition to those studios that are wholly-
owned. We have historically allowed our strategic partner studios
to continue their operations with a degree of autonomy. In certain
of these transactions, we have bought games from such partner
studios and entered into development agreements whereby such
partner studios provide us support in developing and improving
games. These agreements typically have a fixed term, after which
our partner studios may choose not to continue working with us. Any
deterioration in our relationship with partner studios may harm our
ability to monetize the games we purchase or develop and launch
future mobile games developed by partner studios and may lead to
such partner studios choosing not to renew their partnerships with
us or continue to develop new games or support existing games.
Further, if a partner studio becomes dissatisfied with us, our
brand and reputation may be harmed and we may have more difficulty
entering into similar partnerships in the future. Additionally, our
international partner studios may be located in areas with less
certain legal and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, which
may increase our costs to maintain such strategic partnership. If
we are unable to maintain any of these partnerships, we may be
required to invest significant resources in expanding our other
studios or entering into agreements with additional mobile gaming
studios in order to continue producing the same volume and quality
of Apps, and our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully
monetize them, or continue to improve the experience and
monetization of our existing Apps, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our Apps portfolio depends in part on launching or acquiring, and
continuing to service, mobile apps that users will download and
spend time and money using. We have devoted and we may in the
future continue to devote substantial resources to the research,
development, analytics, and marketing of our Apps. Our development
and marketing efforts are focused on improving the experience of
our existing Apps, developing new Apps, and successfully monetizing
our Apps. Our Apps generate
                                21                                 
Table of Contents

revenue primarily through the sale of advertising, a substantial
portion of which comes from other mobile gaming clients, and IAPs.
For Apps distributed through third-party platforms, we are required
to share a portion of the proceeds from in-game sales with the
platform providers, which share may be subject to changes or
increases over time. In order to achieve and maintain our
profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue from our
existing and new Apps to offset our ongoing development, marketing,
and other operating expenses.

Successfully monetizing our Apps is difficult and requires that we
deliver user experiences that a sufficient number of users will pay
for through IAPs or we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize
our Apps, including by serving IAA. The success of our Apps depends
in part on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control
including user preferences, competing apps, new third-party
platforms, and the availability of other entertainment experiences.
If our Apps do not meet user expectations or if they are not
brought to market in a timely and effective manner, our business
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to successfully launch or acquire Apps and
their ability to achieve commercial success will depend in part on
our ability to:

• effectively and efficiently market our Apps to existing and new
users;

• achieve a positive return on investment from our marketing and
user acquisition costs or achieve organic user growth;

• adapt to changing trends, user preferences, new technologies, and
new feature sets for mobile and other devices, including
determining whether to invest in development for any new
technologies, and achieve a positive return on the costs associated
with such adaptation;

• continue to adapt mobile app feature sets for an increasingly
diverse set of mobile devices, including various operating systems
and specifications, limited bandwidth, and varying processing power
and screen sizes;

• achieve and maintain successful user engagement and effectively
monetize our Apps;

• develop mobile games that can build upon or become franchise
games and expand and enhance our mobile games after their initial
releases;

• develop Apps other than mobile games;

• identify and execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;

• attract advertisers to advertise on our Apps;

• partner with third-party platforms and obtain featuring
opportunities;

• compete successfully against a large and growing number of
competitors;

• accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations,
including mobile app and feature development, marketing, and user
acquisition;

• minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages;

• acquire, or invest in, and successfully integrate high quality
mobile app companies or technologies;

• retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other
key personnel from such acquisitions and investments; and
• optimize the value of our Apps portfolio, including actions we
may take that reduce Apps revenue in order to seek higher margins
and the effects of the review on morale and personnel.
These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we
will succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if
successful, certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games,
may have a relatively short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand
into additional genres of mobile games or additional categories of
mobile apps, we will face risks as well as market, legal and
regulatory challenges specific to those genres or categories. For
example, in mid-core games, there is typically a higher upfront
investment prior to the launch of a game compared to casual games,
which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose us to
greater risks as our financial condition and results of operations
will be more significantly adversely affected to the extent such a
game does not become popular and commercially successful. If we are
not successful in launching new mobile games or expanding into
other genres of mobile games or categories of mobile apps, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

If we fail to retain existing users or add new users cost-
effectively, or if our users decrease their level of engagement
with Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

The size of our user base and the level of user engagement with our
Apps are critical to our success. Our results of operations have
been and will continue to be significantly determined by our
success in acquiring and engaging App users. We expect that the
number of our App users may fluctuate or decline as a result of
apps divestitures or other actions we have taken in connection with
our review of our Apps portfolio, or in one or more markets from
time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher
penetration rates or where the macroeconomic conditions have been
negatively impacted. For example,
                                22                                 
Table of Contents

we have reduced our user acquisition spend for our portfolio of
Apps as we increased our desired return goals, which has
contributed to a decline in MAPs compared to periods before such
adjustments. In addition, if people do not perceive our Apps as
useful or entertaining, we may not be able to attract or retain
users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration
of their engagement, which could harm our revenue. A number of
mobile apps that achieved early popularity have since seen their
user bases or user engagement levels decline. There is no guarantee
that we will not experience a similar erosion of our App users or
user engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns have changed
over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure,
particularly as we introduce new and different Apps. Any number of
factors can adversely affect user growth and engagement, including
if:

• users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors
or mobile apps in categories other than those of our Apps;

• we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find
engaging or that achieve a high level of market acceptance or we
introduce new Apps, or make changes to existing Apps that are not
favorably received;

• users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the
decisions we make with respect to the frequency, prominence,
format, size, and quality of advertisements that we display;

• users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise
accessing our Apps as a result of actions by us or third parties;

• we are unable to continue to develop Apps that work with a
variety of mobile operating systems and networks; and

• questions about the quality of our Apps, our data practices or
concerns related to privacy and sharing of personal information and
other user data, safety, security, or other factors.

Additionally, we expect it will become increasingly difficult and
more expensive for us to acquire users for our Apps for a variety
of reasons, including the increasingly competitive nature of the
mobile app ecosystem and the significant amount of time and
attention users are dedicating to competing entertainment options.
Further, we believe that the changes that Apple has implemented
during the last several years to its platform, particularly the
removal of the Top Grossing rankings and decreasing the prominence
of the Top Free rankings as well as transparency and IDFA changes,
have adversely affected the number of organic downloads of our
Apps. If our competitors increase their user acquisition spending,
we could experience higher costs per an install for our Apps, which
would adversely affect our revenue and margins. Furthermore, our
spending on user acquisition is based on certain assumptions about
their projected behavior, particularly for new Apps for which we do
not have similar Apps in our portfolio to aid us in our modeling
efforts. If we are unable to grow our user base and increase our
user engagement levels, or unable to do so cost effectively, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

Our revenue has been concentrated in various ways and the loss of,
or a significant reduction in, any such revenue source, or our
failure to successfully expand and diversify our revenue sources
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We have historically experienced revenue concentration with respect
to certain Apps as well as other facets of our business. Our future
success depends, in part, on launching or acquiring and
successfully monetizing additional Apps and on establishing and
maintaining successful relationships with a diverse set of clients.
While our Apps consist of over 200 mobile games, currently a
limited number of those are responsible for a significant portion
of our revenue. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, three
games, Project Makeover, Matchington Mansion and Wordscapes,
collectively represented approximately 15% of our revenue. The loss
or failure to successfully monetize one of these Apps could have a
significant impact on our results of operations. For example, in
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, our IAP Revenue
decreased, primarily due to decreases in revenue from Project
Makeover and Matchington Mansion, and continued declines in these
Apps may significantly impact of Apps segment. Similarly, our
future success depends, in part, on our ability to launch and
monetize additional mobile games and other mobile apps, as well as,
on our ability to successfully acquire and monetize additional
mobile games and other mobile apps, and these Apps may not
successfully diversify our revenue concentration. If we are unable
to successfully launch or acquire new Apps, our reliance on a
limited number of Apps may increase. Additionally, certain genres
of games typically rely on only a small portion of their total
users for a significant amount of their revenue, and as we expand
our number of Apps in these genres, such as mid-core, we may
experience these effects and need to attract, engage, and increase
the spending levels of these particular users to achieve success.

More generally, we face concentration risk in that our Software
Platform and Apps operate in the mobile app ecosystem and
specifically mobile gaming. As such, our business depends, in part,
on the continued health and growth of these app ecosystems, which
have been adversely affected in recent periods by global
macroeconomic conditions. Further, a significant amount of our
total revenue is derived through a limited number of third-party
distribution platforms, such as the Apple App Store, the Google
Play Store, and Facebook. Because Facebook and Google are also
significant partners of Adjust, a deterioration in our or Adjust’s
relationship with such companies would have a greater impact on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. If any of
these concentrated portions of our revenue are harmed or are lost,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected.

We have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be
indicative of our future growth. We may be unable to effectively
manage the growth of our business, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.
                                23                                 
Table of Contents

We have experienced rapid growth in the scale, scope, and
complexity of our business. For example, our Software Platform
revenue has expanded rapidly, in particular since the launch of our
AI-powered advertising recommendation engine, AXON. Our growth in
any prior period should not be relied upon as an indication of our
future performance, as we may not be able to sustain our growth
rate in the future. Even if our revenue continues to increase, we
expect that our revenue growth rate may decline in the future as a
result of a variety of factors, including because of more difficult
comparisons to prior periods and the saturation of the market. The
overall growth of our revenue depends in part on our ability to
execute on our growth strategies.

Additionally, the growth and expansion of our business has placed
and continues to place a significant strain on our management,
operations, financial infrastructure, and corporate culture. Our
future success depends in part on our ability to manage this
expanded business. If not managed effectively, this growth could
result in the over-extension of our management systems and
information technology systems and our internal controls and
procedures may not be adequate to support this growth. Failure to
adequately manage our growth in any of these ways may cause damage
to our brand and reputation and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our future growth may involve expansion into new business
opportunities, and any efforts to do so that are unsuccessful or
are not cost-effective could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

In the past, we have grown by expanding our offerings into new
business opportunities and we expect to continue to do so. We have
dedicated resources to expanding into adjacent business
opportunities in which large competitors have an established
presence. Additionally, our future growth may include expansion
into additional features for mobile apps, other mobile app sectors,
e-commerce or social, connected TV markets through our 2022 Wurl
acquisition, OEM and carrier-related markets through our Array
product initiative, blockchain-related markets or other
opportunities which may require significant investment in order to
launch and which may not be prove successful. Further, any such
expansion may subject us to new or additional laws and regulations,
compliance with which may be burdensome and costly. Our future
growth depends in part on our ability to correctly identify areas
of investment and to cost-effectively execute on our plans. For
example, we generate revenue through our recently acquired Wurl CTV
business which provides streaming content distribution and
advertising services. The market for CTV platforms is relatively
new and evolving and this market may develop slower or differently
than we expect. There can be no assurance that the evolution of CTV
and its content and services will continue to grow or that we can
successfully navigate any shifts in consumer demand in this market.

We have in the past and may in the future expend significant
resources in connection with strategic acquisitions and
partnerships to expand into new business opportunities. Even if
successful, the growth of any new business opportunity could create
significant challenges for our management and operational resources
and could require considerable investment. The deployment of
significant resources towards a new opportunity that proves
unsuccessful, or our inability to choose the correct investment
opportunities for our future, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to increase IAPs,
manage the economies in our Apps and respond to changes with
respect to IAPs, and any failure to do so could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our Apps portfolio depends in part on our ability to increase the
amount of IAPs in our Apps, which requires our studios to
effectively design mobile games and other apps that create features
and virtual goods for which users will pay. Users make IAPs because
of the perceived in-app value of virtual goods, which is dependent
on the relative ease of obtaining an equivalent good by playing our
mobile games. The perceived in-app value of these virtual goods can
be impacted by various actions that we take in the mobile games
including offering discounts for virtual goods, giving away virtual
goods in promotions, or providing easier non-paid means to secure
these goods. Managing virtual economies is difficult and relies on
our assumptions and judgement. Further, changes in user
preferences, including with respect to how they interact with
mobile apps and general views towards IAPs, could decrease levels
of spending on IAPs on our Apps and in the mobile app ecosystem
generally. If we fail to manage our virtual economies properly or
fail to promptly and successfully respond to any disruption in such
economies, our reputation may be harmed and our users may be less
likely to play our mobile games and to purchase virtual goods from
us in the future, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

In addition, changes in the policies of Apple, Google, or other
third-party platforms, or changes in accounting policies
promulgated by the SEC, and national accounting standards bodies
affecting software and virtual goods revenue recognition, could
further significantly affect the way we report revenue related to
IAPs, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Any
changes in user, third-party platform, or regulator views towards
IAPs, or any inability by us to respond to changing trends with
respect to IAPs, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and
we may not be able to achieve or maintain our profitability in any
given period. If we cannot achieve or maintain our profitability,
our business could be adversely affected.

Although we have been profitable on a GAAP basis and had positive
cash flow from operations in certain prior periods, we may not
always achieve sufficient revenue or manage our expenses in order
to achieve positive cash flow from operations or profitability in
any given period. Our operating expenses may continue to rise over
the long term as we implement additional initiatives designed to
increase revenue, potentially including: developing our Software
Platform and technology stack, launching Apps, strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, international expansion, hiring
additional employees, and taking other steps to strengthen and grow
our company. We are likely to recognize costs associated with these
investments earlier than some of the
                                24                                 
Table of Contents

anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be
lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. We also
anticipate that the costs of acquiring new clients and mobile app
users, and otherwise marketing our Software Platform and Apps, will
continue to rise. Further, we may continue to incur significant
costs in connection with strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
which costs may increase or become more concentrated to the extent
we enter into larger transactions. If we are not able to maintain
positive cash flow in the long term, we may require additional
financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all,
and which may be dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to
generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may
incur significant losses in the future and may not be able to
maintain positive cash flow from operations or profitability.
We generally do not have long-term agreements with our clients.
Our clients are not required to enter into long-term agreements
with us and may choose to stop using our Software Platform at any
time. For example, typically our advertising agreements can be
executed in as little as one day and can be terminated for
convenience on two days’ notice. In order to continue to grow our
Software Platform, we must consistently provide offerings that
clients see as valuable and choose to use. If we fail to maintain
our relationships with our clients, or if the terms of these
relationships become less favorable to us, our results of
operations would be harmed. Additionally, as certain of our clients
are also our competitors, these clients may choose to invest in
their own offerings rather than continue to use our Software
Platform. Any failure to maintain our relationships with clients
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

If our Apps do not meet user expectations, or contain objectionable
content, our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected.

Expectations regarding the quality, performance, and integrity of
our Apps are high. We must continually adapt to changing user
preferences including the popularity of various game categories,
style of play, and IAP options. Users may be critical of our Apps,
business models, or business practices for a wide variety of
reasons, including perceptions about gameplay, fairness, game
content, features, or services. Independent industry analysts may
publish reviews of our Apps from time to time, as well as those of
our competitors, and perception of our Apps in the marketplace may
be significantly influenced by these reviews. We have no control
over what users or these industry analysts report. If users and
industry analysts negatively respond to our Apps or changes that we
make to our Apps, or provide negative reviews of our Apps, our
reputation, business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Further, despite reasonable precautions, some users may be offended
by certain mobile app content, advertisements displayed in our Apps
or by the treatment of other users. For example, if users believe
that an advertisement displayed in an App contains objectionable
content, we could experience damage to our brand and reputation and
users could refuse to play such game and pressure platform
providers to remove the App from their platforms. While such
content may violate our terms and we may subsequently remove it,
our brand and reputation may nonetheless be harmed and our clients
may become dissatisfied with our services. Furthermore, steps that
we may take in response to such instances, such as temporarily or
permanently shutting off access of a user to our Apps, could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any
failure to meet user expectations or provide our Apps without
objectionable content could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot
maintain this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.

We believe that our company culture has been critical to our
success and will be important for our continued growth. We face a
number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our
corporate culture, including: failure to identify, attract, reward,
and retain people in leadership positions in our organization who
share and further our culture and values; the increasing size and
geographic diversity of our workforce; competitive pressures to
move in directions that may divert us from our culture and values;
the continued challenges of a rapidly-evolving industry; the
increasing need to develop expertise in new areas of business that
affect us; a negative perception of our treatment of employees or
our response to employee sentiment related to political or social
causes or actions of management; and the integration of new
personnel and businesses from acquisitions. If we are not able to
maintain our culture, we could lose the innovation, passion, and
dedication of our team and as a result, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

If we do not successfully or cost-effectively invest in, establish,
and maintain awareness of the AppLovin brand, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

We believe that establishing and maintaining the AppLovin brand is
critical to maintaining and creating favorable relationships with,
and our ability to attract, new clients, and key personnel.
Increasing awareness of the AppLovin brand will depend largely upon
our marketing efforts and our ability to successfully differentiate
our Software Platform from the offerings of our competitors. In
addition, successfully globalizing and extending our brand requires
significant investment and extensive management time. If we fail to
maintain and increase brand awareness and recognition of our
Software Platform, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected.

We have made public commitments to our corporate Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) and human capital management
initiatives, including our environmental impact towards a
sustainable future. Any perceived changes in our dedication to
these commitments or our failure to achieve progress in these areas
could adversely impact our relationships with our customers and
employees, affect our reputation and the value of our brand.
                                25                                 
Table of Contents

The proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers that seek
to exploit our mobile games and users may adversely affect game-
playing experiences and lead users to stop playing our mobile
games. Our failure to maintain a customer support ecosystem may
enhance these risks.

Our users rely on our customer support organization to resolve any
issues relating to our mobile games. Customer support is important
for satisfying user expectations regarding the quality,
performance, and integrity of our mobile games. We currently have
limited customer support operations. If we do not effectively
train, supplement, and manage our customer support organization to
assist our users, and if that support organization does not succeed
in helping users quickly resolve issues or provide effective
ongoing support, we could experience decreased user engagement and
harm to our reputation with potential new users.

Additionally, unrelated third parties have developed, and may
continue to develop, “cheating” programs that enable users to
exploit vulnerabilities in our mobile games, play them in an
automated way, collude to alter the intended game play, or obtain
unfair advantages over other users who do play fairly. These
programs harm the experience of users who play fairly and may
disrupt the virtual economies of our mobile games and reduce the
demand for certain IAPs. In addition, unrelated third parties have
attempted to scam our users with fake offers for virtual goods or
other game benefits. These unauthorized or fraudulent transactions
are usually arranged on third-party websites and the virtual goods
offered may have been obtained through unauthorized means, such as
exploiting vulnerabilities in our mobile games, or may be
fraudulent offers. We do not generate any revenue from these
transactions. These unauthorized purchases and sales from third-
party sellers have in the past and could in the future impede our
revenue and profit growth.

There can be no assurance that our customer support and other
efforts to detect, prevent, or minimize these unauthorized or
fraudulent transactions will be successful, that these actions will
not increase over time or that our customer support efforts will be
successful in resolving user issues. Any failure to maintain
adequate customer support or success of third-party cheating
programs or scams may negatively affect game-playing experiences
and lead users to stop playing our mobile games, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Third parties with whom we do business may be unable to honor their
obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.

We rely on third parties for various aspects of our business,
including demand-side platforms, agencies, advertising partners,
and publishers who use our Software Platform. Their actions may
violate our contracts, policies, and applicable laws and
regulations, or may otherwise put our business and reputation at
risk. Demand-side platforms may be given access to personal
information in order to bid on advertising inventory, and they may
misappropriate and engage in unauthorized use of our information,
technology or customers' data. In violation of our policies,
advertisers may enable the serving of ads that contain prohibited,
restricted, or inappropriate content, or content that otherwise
fails to adhere to country-specific laws, rules, or regulations. We
also work with advertisers that operate sports gambling apps, apps
that involve real money gambling, and apps in other regulated
industries and markets, each of which imposes additional regulatory
requirements on these advertisers, which they may not comply with.
A vast amount of publishers attempt to use our Software Platform, a
number of which may attempt to monetize prohibited, restricted, or
inappropriate content, or may engage or attempt to engage in
fraudulent or other unlawful activity in violation of our policies,
which in turn imposes additional operational costs to protect our
platform, may trigger additional law enforcement or other
inquiries, may put our reputation at risk, and may otherwise
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

The failure of these third parties to provide or maintain adequate
services and technologies could result in a disruption to our
business operations. Further, disruptions in the mobile application
industry, financial markets, economic downturns, and poor business
decisions may adversely affect our partners and may increase their
propensity to engage in fraud or other unlawful activity which
could harm our business or reputation, and they may not be able to
honor their obligations to us, or we may cease our arrangements
with them.
                                                                   
  Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters                    
                                                                   
We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy,
information security, data protection, consumer protection,
advertising, tracking, targeting, and protection of minors, and
these laws and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or
perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We receive, store, and process personal information and other data,
including data relating to individuals and households, and we
enable our users to share their personal information with each
other and with third parties, including within our Apps. There are
numerous federal, state, and local laws around the world regarding
privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing,
disclosure, deletion, and protection of personal information and
other data, including data relating to individuals and households,
the scope of which are changing, subject to differing
interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or
conflict with other rules.

Various government and consumer agencies have called for new
regulation and changes in industry practices and are continuing to
review the need for greater regulation for the collection of
information concerning consumer behavior on the internet, including
regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising
practices. For example, the GDPR, which became effective in May
2018, created new individual privacy rights and imposed worldwide
obligations on companies processing personal data of European Union
("EU") users, which has created a greater compliance burden for us
and other companies with
                                26                                 
Table of Contents

European users, and subjects violators to substantial monetary
penalties. The United Kingdom has implemented legislation that
substantially implements the GDPR and which also provides for
substantial monetary penalties. In June 2021, the European
Commission announced a decision of “adequacy” concluding that the
United Kingdom ensures an equivalent level of data protection to
the GDPR, which provides some relief regarding the legality of
continued personal data flows from the European Economic Area to
the United Kingdom. Such adequacy decision must, however, be
renewed after four years and may be modified or revoked in the
interim. In October 2022, the United Kingdom announced its plans to
depart from the GDPR and implement its own framework. We cannot
fully predict how United Kingdom data protection laws or
regulations may develop in the medium to longer term, nor the
effects of divergent laws and guidance regarding how data transfers
to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated.

With regard to transfers to the United States of personal data (as
such term is used in the GDPR and applicable EU member state
legislation) from our employees and European users and other third
parties, we historically relied upon the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield as well as certain standard contractual clauses
approved by the EU Commission (the "SCCs"); however, both the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the SCCs have been subject to legal
challenge, and on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the EU,
Europe’s highest court, held in the Schrems II case that the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield was invalid, and imposed obligations in
connection with the use of the SCCs. EU regulators since have
issued guidance regarding these obligations that we and other
companies must consider and undertake when using the SCCs. On June
4, 2021, the European Commission adopted new SCCs, taking into
account the Schrems II case and reflecting requirements under the
GDPR. Additionally, the United Kingdom’s Information Commissioner’s
Office has issued new standard contractual clauses that must
replace prior standard contractual clauses as of March 21, 2024.
Further, in the European Economic Area, the Austrian, French,
Italian, and Danish data protection authorities have indicated that
use of Google Analytics by European website operators involves the
unlawful transfer of personal data to the United States. In March
2022, the EU and U.S. announced that they reached an agreement in
principle on a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework ("EU-U.S. DPF").
On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted an adequacy
decision in relation to the EU-U.S. DPF, allowing the EU-U.S. DPF
to be utilized as a means of legitimizing EU-U.S. personal data
transfers for participating entities. The United Kingdom and U.S.
also have established a UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (the "UK
Extension"), effective October 12, 2023, whereby entities
participating in the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension may rely upon
the UK Extension as a means to legitimize United Kingdom-U.S.
personal data transfers. Further, on July 17, 2023, the Swiss-U.S.
Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”), which provides for a
means of legitimizing personal data transfers from Switzerland to
the U.S., entered into effect. We are self-certified under the
EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension. The EU-U.S. DPF,
Swiss-U.S. DPF, and UK Extension may be subject to legal challenges
from privacy advocacy groups or others, and the European
Commission's adequacy decision regarding the EU-U.S. DPF provides
that the EU-U.S. DPF will be subject to future reviews and may be
subject to suspension, amendment, repeal, or limitations to its
scope by the European Commission. The SCCs and other cross-border
data transfer mechanisms may face additional legal challenges or be
the subject of additional legislative activity and regulatory
guidance. We and many other companies may need to implement
different or additional measures to establish or maintain
legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of personal data from
the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or
other jurisdictions to the United States, and we may, in addition
to other impacts, experience additional costs associated with
increased compliance burdens, and we and our clients face the
potential for regulators to apply different standards to the
transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area,
Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or other jurisdictions to the
United States, and to block, or require ad hoc verification of
measures taken with respect to, certain data flows. We also may be
required to engage in contract negotiations with third parties that
aid in processing data on our behalf, to the extent that any of our
service providers, or consultants have been relying on invalidated
or insufficient contractual protections for compliance with
evolving interpretations of and guidance for cross-border data
transfers pursuant to the GDPR or other privacy laws. In such
cases, we may not be able to find alternative service providers
which could limit our ability to process personal data from the
European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or other
impacted jurisdictions and increase our costs and/or impact our
Software Platform Apps, or other offerings. We and our clients may
face a risk of enforcement actions by data protection authorities
relating to personal data transfers. Any such enforcement actions
could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources,
distract management and technical personnel, and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Similar to GDPR, in September 2020, Brazil enacted the Brazilian
General Data Protection Law. China has enacted a new data privacy
law known as PIPL, effective November 1, 2021, which adopts a
stringent data transfer regime requiring, among other things, data
subject consent for certain data transfers. Any of these
developments may have an adverse effect on our business.

Moreover, the GDPR and other similar regulations require companies
to give specific types of notice and in some cases seek consent
from consumers and other data subjects before collecting or using
their data for certain purposes, including some marketing
activities. In addition to the GDPR, the European Commission has
another draft regulation in the approval process that focuses on a
person’s right to conduct a private life. The proposed legislation,
known as the Regulation of Privacy and Electronic Communications
("ePrivacy Regulation"), would replace the current ePrivacy
Directive. Originally planned to be adopted and implemented at the
same time as the GDPR, the ePrivacy Regulation is still being
negotiated. On February 10, 2021, the Council of the EU agreed on
its version of the draft ePrivacy Regulation. If adopted, ePrivacy
Regulation could have broad impacts on the use of internet-based
services and tracking technologies, such as cookies. Aspects of the
ePrivacy Regulation remain for negotiation between the European
Commission and the Council.

Another example is California’s passage of the CCPA, which went
into effect on January 1, 2020, and created new privacy rights for
users residing in the state, including a private right of action
for data breaches. The CPRA was approved by California voters in
November 2020, went into effect on January 1, 2023, and
significantly modifies the CCPA, resulting in further uncertainty
and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an
effort to comply. Additionally, other states are
                                27                                 
Table of Contents

considering, and in some cases have enacted, comprehensive privacy
legislation, some of which provide for private rights of action,
which may increase the likelihood of class action litigation, that
could also adversely affect our reputation, business, financial
condition, and results of operations. For example, several states
in the U.S. have proposed or enacted laws that contain obligations
similar to the CCPA and CPRA that have taken effect or will take
effect in coming years. The U.S. federal government is also
contemplating federal privacy legislation. Our efforts to comply
with existing and future legal requirements have required us and
will continue to require us to devote significant operational
resources and incur significant expenses. Our privacy and data
protection compliance and oversight efforts will require
significant time and attention from our management and board of
directors.

Further, children’s privacy has been a focus of recent enforcement
activities and subjects our business to potential liability that
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or
operating results. Enforcement of COPPA, which requires companies
to obtain parental consent before collecting personal information
from children known to be under the age of thirteen or from child-
directed websites or online services, has increased in recent
years. In addition, the GDPR prohibits certain processing of the
personal information of children under the age of thirteen to
sixteen (depending on jurisdiction) without parental consent where
consent is used as the lawful basis for processing that personal
information. The CCPA, as amended and supplemented by the CPRA,
requires companies to obtain the consent of children in California
under the age of sixteen (or parental consent for children under
the age of thirteen) before selling their personal information.
There also may be various laws, regulations, industry standards,
codes of conduct, or other actual or asserted obligations relating
to children’s privacy to which we may be, or be asserted to be,
subject, or that may otherwise impact our business and operations.
For example, the United Kingdom’s Age Appropriate Design Code
(“AADC”) is one such regulatory framework that has been adopted in
the United Kingdom that focuses on online safety and protection of
children’s privacy online, and similar frameworks are being
considered for adoption in other jurisdictions. California also has
enacted the California Age-Appropriate Design Code Act (“ADCA”),
which will take effect on July 1, 2024. The ADCA implements into
law certain principles taken from the AADC, among other things, and
imposes substantial new obligations upon companies that offer
online services, products, or features “likely to be accessed” by
children, defined under the ADCA as anyone under 18 years of age.
Although we take reasonable efforts to comply with applicable laws
and regulations and certain other standards, we may in the future
face claims under COPPA, the GDPR, the CCPA, the CPRA, or other
laws, regulations, or other actual or asserted obligations relating
to children’s privacy.

All of our mobile games are subject to privacy policies and terms
of service located in application storefronts, within our mobile
games, and on our respective websites. We endeavor to comply with
industry standards and are subject to the terms of our privacy-
related obligations and commitments to users and third parties. We
strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal
obligations, and certain industry codes of conduct relating to
privacy and data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable.
However, it is possible that these or other actual or asserted
obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or information
security may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is
inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with
other rules or our practices. It is also possible that new laws,
policies, legal obligations, or industry codes of conduct may be
passed, or existing laws, policies, legal obligations, or industry
codes of conduct may be interpreted in such a way that could
prevent us from being able to offer services to residents of a
certain jurisdiction or may make it costlier or more difficult for
us to do so. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with
our terms of service or privacy policy, or with applicable laws,
regulations, or legal, contractual, or other actual or asserted
obligations to users or third parties, concerning privacy,
information security, data protection, consumer protection, or
protection of minors; or our privacy-related legal obligations, or
any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release
or transfer of personal information or other user data, may result
in governmental enforcement actions or other proceedings, claims,
demands, and litigation by private parties, or public statements
against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause
our users to lose trust in us, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as users,
developers, vendors, service providers, or other business partners
violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also
put our users’ information at risk and could in turn adversely
affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many
of which are unsettled and still developing, which could subject us
to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and
abroad, and it is possible that a number of laws and regulations
may be adopted or construed to apply to us in the United States and
elsewhere that could affect our business and restrict the
advertising ecosystem or development of our technologies, including
state and federal laws regarding antitrust, consumer protection,
electronic marketing, protection of minors, data protection, and
privacy, communications, content suitability, distribution,
competition, taxation, intellectual property, machine learning and
AI, money transmission, money laundering, investment screening,
export, national security, and climate change, which are
continuously evolving and developing and any such policy and
regulatory changes could impose operational and compliance burdens.
The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be
applicable to us are often uncertain and evolving and may be
conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. There is
a risk that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner
that is not consistent with our current practices and which could
adversely affect our business. As our Software Platform grows and
evolves, including through the use of and integration of AI
technologies, and our Software Platform and our Apps are used in a
greater number of countries and on a larger scale, we may also
become subject to new laws and regulations in additional
jurisdictions or jurisdictions may claim that we are required to
comply with their laws and regulations. The regulation of AI
technologies is a relatively new and evolving area of law which we
may become subject to as we continue to explore the use of AI
technologies in our current and future products. For example, in
the EU, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, once enacted, will
impose a regulatory framework for the companies'
                                28                                 
Table of Contents

development and use of AI systems. Beyond the EU and U.S., more
than 37 countries have proposed AI-related legal frameworks. There
is a risk that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a
manner that is not consistent with our current practices and which
could adversely affect our business.

With respect to our Apps, we are potentially subject to a number of
foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering
of certain types of content, such as content that depicts violence,
the social casino game genre, or loot boxes, many of which are
ambiguous or still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that
could adversely affect our business or expose us to liability. Some
state attorney generals as well as other international regulatory
bodies have brought and may continue to bring legal actions against
social casino app developers and the third-party distribution
platforms for such apps. Further, several jurisdictions have been
regulating and continue to regulate the use of loot boxes in mobile
games. Loot boxes are a commonly used monetization technique in
free-to-play mobile games in which a user can acquire a virtual
loot box, typically through mobile game play or by using virtual
goods, but the user does not know which virtual good(s) he or she
will receive (which may be a common, rare, or extremely rare item,
and may be a duplicate of an item the user already has in his or
her inventory) until the loot box is opened. The user will always
receive one or more virtual goods when he or she opens the loot
box, but the user does not know exactly which item(s) until the
loot box is opened. In April 2018, each of the Belgian Gaming
Commission and the Dutch Gambling Authority declared that loot
boxes as implemented in certain games by other companies that they
reviewed constituted illegal gambling under each country’s laws.
Further, the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") has examined
consumer protection issues related to loot boxes and various other
jurisdictions, including certain U.S. states, Australia, Brazil,
and the United Kingdom are reviewing or have indicated that they
intend to review the legality of loot boxes and whether they
constitute gambling. Additionally, in 2021, Germany approved a new
Youth Protection Act, that came into effect on May 1, 2021, which
makes it unlawful to sell video games that contain loot boxes to
minors. In some of our mobile games, certain mechanics may be
deemed as “loot boxes”. New regulation by the FTC, U.S. states, or
other international jurisdictions could require that these game
mechanics be modified or removed from games or that such apps be
changed entirely, both of which could increase the costs of
operating our mobile games, impact user engagement and
monetization, or otherwise adversely affect our business. In
addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as
a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our
reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. It is
difficult to predict how existing or new laws may be applied to
these or similar game mechanics or genres. Further, laws or
regulations may vary significantly across jurisdictions.

Furthermore, the growth and development of electronic commerce and
virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent consumer
protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies
such as ours conducting business through the internet and mobile
devices. For example, China implemented a new policy in September
2021 that restricts online gaming for those under age 18 to one
hour in the evening on Fridays, weekends and public holidays. We
anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of our industry will
increase and we will be required to devote legal and other
resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws
or new laws regarding the marketing of IAPs, labeling of free-to-
play mobile games, or regulation of currency, banking institutions,
unclaimed property or money transmission may be interpreted to
cover our mobile games and the virtual currency, goods, or payments
that we receive. We may also expand into new business opportunities
that subject us to additional laws and regulations. As such, we may
be required to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals from
relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us
meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be
subject to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could
significantly increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws
or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the
United States or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen
the growth of the advertising ecosystem. Any costs incurred as a
result of adapting to laws and regulations, or as a result of
liability in connection therewith, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, reputation and results of
operations.

The development and use of AI in our business, combined with an
uncertain regulatory environment, may adversely affect our
business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.

We use AI technologies in our offerings and business, and we are
investing in the expansion of our AI capabilities, including our
latest AI-powered advertising engine, AXON, as well as developing
new product features using AI technologies, including possibly
generative AI. These technologies are complex and rapidly evolving.
The introduction of AI technologies into new or existing products
may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny,
litigation, confidentiality, privacy, data protection, or security
risks, ethical concerns, or other complications that could
adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or
results of operations. The impact of AI technology on intellectual
property ownership and licensing rights, including copyright, has
not been fully addressed by U.S. courts or other federal or state
laws or regulations, and the use of third-party AI technologies in
connection with our products and services may result in exposure to
claims of copyright infringement or other intellectual property
misappropriation. AI technologies, including generative AI, may
create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate or
flawed. Our customers or others may rely on or use this flawed
content to their detriment, which may expose us to brand or
reputational harm, competitive harm, and/or legal liability.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar
anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and non-compliance with such
laws could subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines
and adversely affect our business and reputation.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"),
the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the
U.S. Travel Act, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws
applicable in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in
recent years, are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies, their
employees, and third party business partners, representatives, and
agents from promising, authorizing, making or offering improper
payments or other benefits, directly or indirectly, to government
officials and others in the private
                                29                                 
Table of Contents

sector in order to influence official action, direct business to
any person, gain any improper advantage, or obtain or retain
business. As we continue to expand our business internationally,
our risks under these laws increase.

We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and
agents may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and
employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated
entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal
activities of our employees, third-party business partners,
representatives, and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize
such activities. These laws also require that we keep accurate
books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance
procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have
policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we
cannot assure you that our employees, third-party business
partners, representatives, and agents will not take actions in
violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be
ultimately held responsible and our exposure for violating these
laws increases as our international presence expands and as we
increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions.

Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws
could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage,
investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil
sanctions, suspension or disbarment from U.S. government contracts,
substantial diversion of management’s attention, significant legal
fees and fines, severe criminal or civil sanctions against us, our
officers, or our employees, disgorgement of profits, other
sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the conduct of
our business, any of which could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to governmental export controls and economic
sanctions laws that could impair our ability to compete in global
markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls.

Our Software Platform and Apps may be subject to U.S. export
controls, including the Export Administration Regulations. Under
these regulations, exports of our products and services as well as
the underlying technology may require export authorizations,
including by license, a license exception, or other appropriate
government authorizations, and the filing of a classification
request or self-classification report to use a license exception,
as applicable.

Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions
laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of
Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control that prohibit the
provision of services and the export of hardware, software, and
technology to embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without
the required export authorizations. These laws, regulations, and
sanctions are rapidly evolving and may be in conflict across
international jurisdictions, leading to uncertainty and difficulty
in achieving full compliance. Should we violate such existing or
similar future sanctions or regulations, we may be subject to
substantial monetary fines or suffer reputational damage and other
penalties that could negatively impact our business. If we need to
obtain any necessary export licenses or other authorizations for a
particular sale, the process may be time-consuming and may result
in the delay or loss of opportunities to sell our products.

We take precautions to prevent our products and services and the
underlying technology from being provided, deployed or used in
violation of export control and sanctions laws, including
implementation of IP address blocking and sanctioned person
screening, and continue to evaluate and further enhance our
policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions
compliance. However, we cannot assure you that our policies and
procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance will
prevent violations in the future by us or our partners or agents.
If we are found to be in violation of U.S. sanctions or export
control regulations, including failure to obtain appropriate
import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, it can result in
significant penalties and government investigations, as well as
reputational harm and loss of business. Knowing and willful
violations can result in possible incarcerations for responsible
employees and managers.

In addition to the United States, various other countries regulate
the import and export of certain encryption and other technology,
including import and export licensing requirements, and have
enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our
products or could limit our clients’ ability to implement our
products in those countries. Changes in our Software Platform or
Apps, or future changes in export and import regulations may create
delays in the introduction of our products and the underlying
technology in international markets, prevent our clients with
global operations from deploying our products globally, or, in some
cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain
countries, governments, or persons altogether.

Our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and
client and user base in international markets and acquiring
companies that may operate in countries where we do not already do
business. Such acquisitions may subject us to additional or
expanded export regulations. Further, any change in export or
import regulations or controls, economic sanctions or related
legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or
technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in
decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to
export or sell our products to, existing or potential clients with
global operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation
on our ability to export or sell our products in major
international markets could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our
effective tax rates, business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under are unsettled
and may be subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws or
tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, could
cause us to be subject to additional income-based taxes and non-
income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital
services, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which
in turn could adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. For example, in December 2017, the U.S. federal
government enacted the tax reform legislation known as the Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act (the "2017 Tax Act").
                                30                                 
Table of Contents

The 2017 Tax Act significantly changed the existing U.S. corporate
income tax laws by, among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate
tax rate, implementing a partially territorial tax system, and
imposing a one-time deemed repatriation tax on certain post-1986
foreign earnings. Further, beginning in 2022, the 2017 Tax Act
requires U.S. research and experimental expenditures to be
capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year period. Any such
expenditures attributable to research conducted outside the U.S.
must be capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. However,
recently proposed tax legislation, if enacted, would restore the
ability to deduct currently U.S. research and experimental
expenditures through 2025 and would retroactively restore this
benefit for 2022 and 2023. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the
"IRA"), enacted on August 16, 2022, imposed a one-percent non-
deductible excise tax on repurchases of stock that are made by U.S.
publicly traded corporations on or after January 1, 2023, which may
affect our share repurchase program. The IRA also imposes a 15%
minimum tax on global adjusted financial statement income for tax
years beginning after December 31, 2022 for certain large
companies. Finally, many countries in the European Union, as well
as a number of other countries and organizations such as the
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, have
proposed or enacted changes to existing tax laws or new laws that
could impact our tax obligations. For example, the Council of the
European Union has adopted the proposed 15% global minimum tax,
which has been implemented into the domestic laws of some
jurisdictions, effective for fiscal years beginning on or after
December 31, 2023. Some of these or other new rules could result in
double taxation of our international earnings. Any significant
changes to our future effective tax rate could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.

Our income tax obligations are based in part on our corporate
operating structure and intercompany arrangements, including the
manner in which we develop, value, manage, and use our intellectual
property and the valuation of our intercompany transactions. The
tax laws applicable to our business, including the laws of the
United States and other jurisdictions, are subject to
interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively
interpreting their laws in new ways in an effort to raise
additional tax revenue. Our existing corporate structure and
intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner we
believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However,
the taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may
challenge our methodologies for valuing developed technology or
intercompany arrangements, which could impact our worldwide
effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations. Moreover, changes to our corporate structure
and intercompany agreements, including through acquisitions, could
impact our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

In addition, we are subject to federal, state, and local taxes in
the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant
judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and our
worldwide provision for (benefit from) taxes. During the ordinary
course of business, there are many activities and transactions for
which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax
obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely affected by
changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws,
regulations, principles, and interpretations, including those
relating to income tax nexus, by our earnings being lower than
anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates
and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher
statutory rates, and by challenges to our intercompany
relationships and transfer pricing arrangements. The relevant
taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the
income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such
a disagreement were to occur, and our position were not sustained,
we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and
penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher
effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall
profitability of our business, with some changes possibly affecting
our tax obligations in future or past years. We believe that our
financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a
contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard.
Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have
collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value
added or similar taxes, and any such assessments could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.
We collect sales tax and value added taxes in a number of
jurisdictions. Sales and use, value added, and similar tax laws and
rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which
we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are
applicable or that our presence in such jurisdictions is sufficient
to require us to collect taxes, which could result in tax
assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to
collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties,
and interest or future requirements may adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. Further, in June
2018, the Supreme Court held in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. that
states could impose sales tax collection obligations on out-of-
state sellers even if those sellers lack any physical presence
within the states imposing the sales taxes. Under the Wayfair
decision, a person requires only a “substantial nexus” with the
taxing state before the state may subject the person to sales tax
collection obligations therein. An increasing number of states
(both before and after the publication of the Wayfair decision)
have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose sales tax
collection obligations on out-of-state sellers. The Supreme Court’s
Wayfair decision has removed a significant impediment to the
enactment and enforcement of these laws, and it is possible that
states may seek to tax out-of-state sellers on sales that occurred
in prior tax years, which could create additional administrative
burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if such states
do not impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease
our future sales, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We may not be able to realize tax savings from our international
structure, which could materially and adversely affect our results
of operations.

We recently completed an international restructuring that included
the inter-entity license of certain intellectual property and other
assets used in the business to our Singapore subsidiary. This
structure may be challenged by tax authorities, and if
                                31                                 
Table of Contents

such challenges are successful, the tax savings we expect to
realize could be adversely affected. If substantial modifications
to our international structure or the way we operate our business
are made, such as if future acquisitions or divestitures occur, if
changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact
the structure, if we do not operate our business consistent with
the structure and applicable tax provisions, if we fail to achieve
our revenue and profit goals, or if the international structure or
our application of arm's-length principles to intercompany
arrangements is successfully challenged by the U.S. or foreign tax
authorities, our effective tax rate may increase, which could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or
advertising that is served through our Software Platform or Apps,
our business could be adversely affected.

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for
negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement, public
performance royalties, or other claims based on the nature and
content of materials that we distribute. The Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (the "DMCA") is intended, in part, to limit the
liability of eligible service providers for caching, hosting, or
linking to user content that includes materials that infringe
copyrights or other rights. We rely on the protections provided by
the DMCA in conducting our business. Similarly, Section 230 of the
Communications Decency Act ("Section 230") protects online
distribution platforms, such as ours, from actions taken under
various laws that might otherwise impose liability on the platform
provider for what content creators develop or the actions they take
or inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines
that we may rely on in the future are subject to uncertain judicial
interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. Future
regulatory or legislative changes may ultimately require us to take
a more active approach towards content moderation, which could
diminish the depth, breadth, and variety of content we offer and,
in so doing, reduce our revenue. Moreover, the DMCA and Section 230
provide protections primarily in the United States. If the rules
around these statutes and doctrines change, if international
jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections, or if a court
were to disagree with our application of those rules to our
business, we could incur liability and our business could be
adversely affected. If we become liable for these types of claims
as a result of the content that is included in our Apps or the
advertisements that are served through our Software Platform, then
our business may be adversely affected. Litigation to defend these
claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from
any liability could adversely affect our business. Our insurance
may not be adequate to cover these types of claims or any liability
that may be imposed on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our
liability for the actions of third parties, we may incur
significant legal expenses and other costs if copyright holders
assert claims, or commence litigation, alleging copyright
infringement against our third-party developers. While we prohibit
mobile apps without distribution rights from the copyright holder,
and we maintain processes and systems for the reporting and removal
of infringing mobile apps, such prohibitions, processes, and
systems may not always be successful. If other developers,
licensees, platform providers, business partners, and personnel are
influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and
are deterred from working with us as a consequence, our ability to
maintain or expand our business, including through international
expansion plans, could be adversely affected.

We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs and
demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and
regulations affecting public companies, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), and the
rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing standards.
The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual,
quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and
results of operations. Compliance with these requirements has
increased and will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and
financial compliance costs and increase demand on our systems,
making some activities more time-consuming and costly. We expect
these rules and regulations to make it more expensive for us to
obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be
required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur
substantially higher costs to maintain the same or similar
coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors
or as our executive officers. As a public company, we have incurred
and expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial
management effort toward ensuring compliance with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
In addition, as a public company, we may be subject to shareholder
activism, which can lead to substantial costs, distract management,
and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we
cannot currently anticipate.

As a result of disclosure of information in our public filings with
the SEC as required of a public company, our business and financial
condition will become more visible, which we believe may result in
threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other
third parties. If such claims are successful, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are
resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources
necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our
management and our board of directors and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements could cause us to
incur additional expenses or otherwise adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are involved in or may become involved in claims, suits,
government investigations, including formal and informal inquiries
from government authorities and regulators, and proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of our business, including
                                32                                 
Table of Contents

actions with respect to intellectual property claims, securities
claims, privacy, data protection, or law enforcement matters, tax
matters, labor and employment claims, commercial and acquisition-
related claims, and other matters. We may become the subject of
investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information,
actions, and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the
world, particularly in the areas of privacy, data protection, law
enforcement, consumer protection, and competition, as we continue
to grow and expand our operations. In addition, we are currently,
and may in the future be, subject to regulatory orders or consent
decrees. For example, data protection, competition, and consumer
protection authorities in the European Union have initiated
actions, investigations, or administrative orders seeking to
restrict the ways in which we collect and use information, or
impose sanctions, and other authorities may do the same.

Any such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings
are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with
certainty. Regardless of their outcomes, such legal or regulatory
proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal
costs, diversion of management and other personnel attention, and
other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one
or more such proceedings could result in substantial costs, civil
and criminal liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as
judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering
certain features, functionalities, products or services, or
requiring a change in our business practices, products or
technologies, which could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.
                                                                   
  Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property                       
                                                                   
Failure to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual
property rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We regard our Software Platform and Apps and related source code as
proprietary and rely on a variety of methods, including a
combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws
and employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements, to protect
our proprietary rights. We view the protection of our trade
secrets, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, domain
names, patents, and other product rights as critical to our
success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by
relying on federal, state, and common law rights, as well as
contractual restrictions and business practices. We also enter into
confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our
employees and contractors and confidentiality agreements with
parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to,
and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However,
these contractual arrangements and business practices may not
prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or
deter independent development of similar technologies by others.

We own or license, and pursue the registration of, copyrights,
trademarks, service marks, domain names, and patents in the United
States and in certain locations outside the United States. This
process can be expensive and time-consuming, may not always be
successful depending on local laws or other circumstances, and we
also may choose not to pursue registrations in every location
depending on the nature of the project to which the intellectual
property rights pertain. We may, over time, increase our
investments in protecting our creative works.

We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our Apps occurs, and
if a significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying of our
Apps were to occur, it could adversely affect our business. In
addition, even if authorized copying of our Apps occurs, third-
party platforms may not remove infringing material. We also cannot
be certain that existing intellectual property laws will provide
adequate protection for our products in connection with emerging
technologies. For example, laws relating to intellectual property
ownership and license rights, including copyright, with respect to
AI and the use of tools containing AI have not been fully
interpreted by U.S. courts or been fully addressed by federal and
state regulations. As a result, our ability to fully protect our
products, technologies and solutions under current and future legal
regimes, especially as it relates to AI tools and technologies, may
be limited or impacted by future laws, regulations, interpretations
or other legislative or judicial actions. Litigation may be
necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our
trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of proprietary
rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless
of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse
publicity, and diversion of management and technical resources. If
we fail to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property
rights, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property
disputes, which are costly to defend and could require us to pay
significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain
technologies in the future.

From time to time, we have faced, and we may face in the future,
allegations that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights,
patents, and other intellectual property rights of third parties,
including from our competitors, non-practicing entities and former
employers of our personnel. Intellectual property litigation may be
protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict.
As the result of any court judgment or settlement, we may be
obligated to alter our Software Platform or Apps, in a particular
geographic region or worldwide, pay royalties or significant
settlement costs, purchase licenses, or develop substitutes.

In certain of our agreements, we also indemnify our licensees and
other business partners. We may incur significant expenses
defending these business partners if they are sued for intellectual
property infringement based on allegations related to our
technology. If a business partner were to lose a lawsuit and in
turn seek indemnification from us, we also could be subject to
significant monetary liabilities. In addition, because our Software
Platform and Apps often involve the use of third-party technology,
this increases our exposure to litigation in circumstances where
there is a claim of infringement asserted against one of our mobile
games or other products and services in question, even if the claim
does not pertain to our technology.
                                33                                 
Table of Contents

Many of our products and services contain open source software, and
we license some of our software through open source projects, which
may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, products,
and services in a manner that could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We use open source software in our Software Platform and Apps and
expect to continue to use open source software in the future. In
addition, we contribute software source code to open source
projects under open source licenses or release internal software
projects under open source licenses, and anticipate continuing to
do so in the future. The terms of many open source licenses to
which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign
courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses
could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated
conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute
our products or services. Additionally, under some open source
licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source
software in a certain manner, third parties may claim ownership of,
a license to, or demand release of, the open source software or
derivative works that we developed using such software, which could
include our proprietary source code. Such third parties may also
seek to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license
through litigation which, if successful, could require us to make
our proprietary software source code freely available, purchase a
costly license, or cease offering the implicated products or
services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid
infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant
additional research and development resources, and we may not be
able to complete it successfully. In addition to risks related to
open source license requirements, use of certain open source
software may pose greater risks than use of third-party commercial
software, since open source licensors generally do not provide
warranties or controls on the origin of software and open source
software could incorporate AI generated code which may be a result
of hallucinatory behavior. Any of these risks could be difficult to
eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely affect
our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual
property may affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. Competition for these licenses may make them more
expensive and increase our costs.

While most of the intellectual property we use in our Software
Platform and Apps is created by us, from time to time, we also
acquire rights to third-party intellectual property. Proprietary
licenses may limit our use of intellectual property to specific
uses and for specific time periods, require time and attention of
licensors in providing guidance and related approvals, and include
other contractual obligations with which we must comply.
Additionally, competition for these licenses is intense and often
results in increased advances, minimum payment guarantees, and
royalties to the licensor, and as such we may be unable to identify
suitable licensing targets or complete licensing arrangements. If
we are unable to obtain and remain in compliance with the terms of
these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable economic
terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. Further, if the mix of IAPs shifts toward mobile games in
which we use licensed intellectual property or if we develop
additional Apps that require licensing of third-party intellectual
property, our overall margins may be reduced due to royalty
obligations.

In addition, many of our Apps are built on proprietary source code
of third parties, such as Unity Software. Unity Software offers
certain solutions that may compete with our offerings. If we are
unable to renew licenses to proprietary source code underlying our
mobile games, or the terms and conditions of these licenses change
at the time of renewal, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on third
parties, including Unity Software, to maintain versions of their
proprietary engines that allow us to distribute our mobile games on
multiple platforms. If a third party from whom we license source
code discontinues support for one or more of these platforms, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.
                                                                   
  Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters                
                                                                   
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls
and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to
produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with
applicable regulations could be impaired.

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and
regulations of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. We expect
that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue
to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs,
make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and
place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we
maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and
refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to
be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to our principal executive and financial officers.

In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will
continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-
related costs and significant management oversight. If any of these
new or improved controls and systems do not perform as expected, we
may experience deficiencies in our controls.

Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business.
Further, to the extent we acquire other businesses, the acquired
company may not have a sufficiently robust system of controls and
we may discover deficiencies. Any failure to develop or maintain
effective controls or any difficulties
                                34                                 
Table of Contents

encountered in their implementation or improvement could adversely
affect our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our
reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our
financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement
and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
also could adversely affect the results of periodic management
evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting
firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually
be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed
with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other
information, which would likely cause the market price of our Class
A common stock to decline. In addition, if we are unable to
continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain
listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. As a public company, we
are required to provide an annual management report on the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and
our independent registered public accounting firm is required to
formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting
firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not
satisfied with the level at which our internal control over
financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any
failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal
control over financial reporting could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations and could
cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

We rely on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our
key metrics and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics
could adversely affect our reputation and our business.

Certain of the metrics that we disclose are calculated using
internal company data that has not been independently verified or
data from third-party attribution partners. While these metrics and
figures are based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations
for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent
challenges in measuring these metrics and figures across our
worldwide client base and user base. We regularly review and may
adjust our processes for calculating our metrics and other figures
to improve their accuracy, but these efforts may not prove
successful and we may discover material inaccuracies. In addition,
our methodology for calculating these metrics may be updated from
time to time and may differ from the methodology used by other
companies to calculate similar metrics and figures. We may also
discover unexpected errors in the data that we are using that
resulted from technical or other errors. If we determine that any
of our metrics or figures are not accurate, we may be required to
revise or cease reporting such metrics or figures. Any real or
perceived inaccuracies in our metrics and other figures could harm
our reputation and adversely affect our business.

We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if
our goodwill becomes impaired.

We are required under GAAP to review our goodwill for impairment at
least annually or more frequently when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.
Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances,
indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our goodwill
continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in the
market price of our Class A common stock and our market
capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry,
underperformance of certain assets, or other materially adverse
events. We may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any
impairment of our goodwill is determined.

We have substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit
facilities and our obligations thereunder may limit our operational
flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are party to a credit agreement that provides for senior secured
credit consisting of term loans and a revolving credit facility,
with varying maturity dates through 2030. As of December 31, 2023,
the aggregate principal amount of our outstanding indebtedness
under our credit facilities was $3.2 billion. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to repay this indebtedness when due,
or that we will be able to refinance this indebtedness on
acceptable terms or at all.

Our indebtedness could adversely impact us. For example, these
obligations could among other things:

• make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;

• increase our cost of borrowing;

• make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary
future financing for working capital, capital expenditures,
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, debt service requirements,
or other purposes;

• restrict us from making strategic acquisitions and partnerships
or cause us to make divestitures or similar transactions;

• adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse
effect on our financial condition upon repayment of the
indebtedness;

• require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
from operations to service and repay the indebtedness, reducing the
amount of cash flow available for other purposes;

• increase our vulnerability to adverse and economic conditions;

• increase our exposure to interest rate risk from variable rate
indebtedness;

• place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less
leveraged competitors; and

• limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in
our business.
                                35                                 
Table of Contents

In addition, from time to time we have entered into interest rate
swap instruments to limit our exposure to changes in variable
interest rates. While our hedging strategy is designed to minimize
the impact of increases in interest rates applicable to our
variable rate debt, including our credit facility, there can be no
guarantee that our hedging strategy will be effective, and we may
experience credit-related losses in some circumstances.

Our credit agreement also imposes restrictions on us and requires
us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to
comply with these covenants may be affected by market, economic,
financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors, as
well as other factors that are beyond our control. A breach of any
of the covenants in the credit agreement governing our credit
facilities could result in an event of default, which, if not cured
or waived, could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness and an
increase in the interest rates applicable to such indebtedness, and
may result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt
we may incur in the future to which a cross-acceleration or cross-
default provision applies. In addition, we have granted a security
interest in a significant portion of our assets to secure our
obligations under our credit facility. During the existence of an
event of default under our credit agreement, the applicable lenders
could exercise their rights and remedies thereunder, including by
way of initiating foreclosure proceedings against any assets
constituting collateral for our obligations under the credit
facility. The acceleration of the indebtedness under our credit
agreement or under any other indebtedness could have a material and
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our
significant debt service obligations, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows.

Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt
obligations depends on our financial condition and results of
operations, which are subject to prevailing economic and
competitive conditions and to certain financial, business,
legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. We
may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating
activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium,
if any, or interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and
capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service
obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, capital expenditures, and payments
on account of other obligations, seek additional capital,
restructure or refinance our indebtedness, or sell assets. These
alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to
meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to
restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of
the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any
refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and could
require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could
further restrict our business operations. In addition, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our
indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

If we are unable to repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness
when due, or if any other event of default is not cured or waived,
the applicable lenders could accelerate our outstanding obligations
or proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that
indebtedness, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation.
In the event the applicable lenders accelerate the repayment of our
borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets
to repay that indebtedness. Any acceleration of amounts due under
the agreements governing our credit facility or the exercise by the
applicable lenders of their rights under the security documents
could have a material and adverse effect on our business.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations
and support business growth, and this capital may not be available
on acceptable terms or at all.

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support
our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to
business challenges, including the need to continue to develop our
Software Platform, enhance our existing Apps and develop new Apps
and features, improve our operating infrastructure, or enter into
strategic acquisitions and partnerships. Accordingly, we may need
to engage in equity, equity-linked, or debt financings to secure
additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future
issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing
stockholders could experience significant dilution, and any new
equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and
privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common
stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could
involve offering additional security interests and undertaking
restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities
and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more
difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue
business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Our
credit agreement, which provides for a term loan and revolving
credit facility, contains financial covenants with which we must
comply. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms
favorable to us, if at all. Additionally, if we seek to access
additional capital or increase our borrowing, there can be no
assurance that financing and credit may be available on favorable
terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or
financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our
ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond
to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our
business, financial condition, or results of operations could be
adversely affected.
                                36                                 
Table of Contents
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and
Governance
The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting
Agreement among the Voting Agreement Parties have the effect of
concentrating voting power with the Voting Agreement Parties, which
will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election
of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any
merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our
assets, or other major corporate transactions.

We have three classes of common stock. Our Class A common stock has
one vote per share, our Class B common stock has 20 votes per
share, and our Class C common stock has no voting rights, except as
otherwise required by law. Adam Foroughi, our co-founder, CEO, and
Chairperson; Herald Chen, our former President and Chief Financial
Officer, and a member of our board of directors; and KKR Denali
Holdings L.P. (collectively with certain affiliates, the "Voting
Agreement Parties") together hold all of the issued and outstanding
shares of our Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2023, the
Voting Agreement Parties collectively held approximately 85% of the
voting power of our outstanding capital stock in the aggregate.
This voting power includes shares of Class A common stock deemed
beneficially owned in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the
Exchange Act. The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into a
voting agreement (the "Voting Agreement") whereby all Class B
common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their
respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be
voted as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR
Denali Holdings L.P. (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a
result, the Voting Agreement Parties will collectively be able to
determine or significantly influence any action requiring the
approval of our stockholders, including the election of our board
of directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or
other major corporate transaction. The Voting Agreement Parties may
have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with
which you disagree, and which may be adverse to your interests.
This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying,
preventing, or deterring a change in control of our company, could
deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for
their capital stock as part of a sale of our company, and might
ultimately affect the market price of our Class A common stock.

Future transfers by the holders of Class B common stock will
generally result in those shares automatically converting into
shares of Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such
as certain transfers effected for estate planning, transfers among
affiliates, of KKR Denali Holdings L.P., or other transfers among
the Voting Agreement Parties. In addition, each share of Class B
common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A
common stock upon certain events specified in our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation.

In addition, because our Class C common stock carries no voting
rights (except as otherwise required by law), if we issue Class C
common stock in the future, the holders of Class B common stock may
be able to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome
of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders for a
longer period of time than would be the case if we issued Class A
common stock rather than Class C common stock in such transactions.

We are considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, and, as a result, we
qualify for, and currently rely on, exemptions from certain
corporate governance requirements.

As a result of our multi-class common stock structure and the
Voting Agreement among the Voting Agreement Parties, the Voting
Agreement Parties collectively hold greater than a majority of the
voting power of our outstanding capital stock and the Voting
Agreement Parties have the authority to vote the shares of all
Class B common stock, subject to the terms of the Voting Agreement,
at their discretion on all matters to be voted upon by
stockholders. Therefore, we are considered a “controlled company”
as that term is set forth in the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. Under these corporate governance requirements, a
company in which over 50% of the voting power for the election of
directors is held by an individual, a group, or another company is
a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain
corporate governance requirements, including:

• the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist
of independent directors;

• the requirement that we have a nominating/corporate governance
committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with
a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and
responsibilities;

• the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is
comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter
addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and

• the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the
nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees.

We currently utilize, and intend to continue to utilize, certain of
these exemptions. As a result, our compensation committee does not
consist entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, you will
not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies
that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements.
In the event that we cease to be a “controlled company” and our
Class A common stock continues to be listed on Nasdaq, we will be
required to comply with these provisions within the applicable
transaction periods.
                                37                                 
Table of Contents

The market price of our Class A common stock could be volatile, and
you could lose all or part of your investment.

The market price of our Class A common stock has, and may continue
to, fluctuate substantially depending on a number of factors,
including those described in this “Risk Factors” section, many of
which are beyond our control and may not be related to our
operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose
all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors
that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our Class A
common stock include the following:

• price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from
time to time, including fluctuations due to general economic
uncertainty or negative market sentiment;

• volatility in the market and trading volumes of technology
stocks;

• changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of
other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in
particular;

• sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our
stockholders;

• rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in
our industry;

• failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us,
changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow
our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the
expectations of investors;

• actual or perceived significant data breaches involving our
Software Platform or Apps;

• the financial or non-financial metric projections we may provide
to the public, any changes in those projections or our failure to
meet those projections;

• third-party data published about us or other mobile gaming
companies, whether or not such data accurately reflects actual
levels of usage;

• announcements by us or our competitors of new products or
services;

• the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public
announcements, and filings with the SEC;

• fluctuations in the trading volume of shares of our Class A
common stock or the size of our public float;

• short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative
securities;

• actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of
operations;

• actual or anticipated developments in our business, our
competitors’ businesses, or the competitive landscape generally;

• our issuance or repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock;

• litigation or regulatory action involving us, our industry or
both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those
of our competitors;

• developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or
other proprietary rights;

• announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies
by us or our competitors;

• new laws, regulations or app store policies or new
interpretations of existing laws, regulations or app store policies
applicable to our business;

• changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines,
interpretations, or principles;

• major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets;

• any significant change in our management; and

• general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our
markets.

In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock
market in general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the
market price of our Class A common stock could decline for reasons
unrelated to our business, financial condition, or results of
operations. The market price of our Class A common stock might also
decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our
industry even if these events do not directly affect us.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity of any trading
market, your ability to sell your shares of our Class A common
stock when desired, or the prices that you may obtain for your
shares of our Class A common stock.

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of
a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. If the market price of our
Class A common stock is volatile, we may become the target of
securities litigation. Securities litigation could result in
substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and
resources from our business. Such litigation could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
                                38                                 
Table of Contents

We may not realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of
our share repurchase programs and any failure to repurchase our
Class A common stock after we have announced our intention to do so
may negatively impact our stock price.

In February 2022, we announced that our board of directors
authorized the repurchase of up to $750.0 million of our Class A
common stock over time. In May 2023, we authorized an increase to
the repurchase program of $296.0 million, in August 2023, we
authorized an additional increase to the repurchase program of
$447.6 million, and in February 2024, we authorized an additional
increase to the repurchase program of $1.25 billion, such that up
to $1.252 billion of Class A common stock may be repurchased. Under
this or any other future share repurchase programs, we may make
share repurchases through a variety of methods, including open
share market purchases, block transactions or privately negotiated
transactions, in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. Our share repurchase program has no time limit, does not
obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares and may be
suspended at any time at our discretion and without prior notice.
The timing and amount of any repurchases, if any, will be subject
to liquidity, stock price, market and economic conditions,
compliance with applicable legal requirements such as Delaware
surplus and solvency tests, compliance with our credit agreement,
and other relevant factors. Any failure to repurchase stock after
we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our
reputation and investor confidence in us and may negatively impact
our stock price.

The existence of this share repurchase program could cause our
stock price to be higher than it otherwise would be and could
potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Although
this program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value,
there is no assurance it will do so because the market price of our
Class A common stock may decline below the levels at which we
repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could
reduce the effectiveness of the program.

Repurchasing our Class A common stock will reduce the amount of
cash we have available to fund working capital, capital
expenditures, strategic acquisitions or business opportunities, and
other general corporate requirements, and we may fail to realize
the anticipated long-term stockholder value of any share repurchase
programs.

Future sales of our Class A common stock could depress the market
price of our Class A common stock.

The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a
result of sales of a large number of shares of our Class A common
stock in the market, and the perception that these sales could
occur may also depress the market price of our Class A common
stock.

Certain stockholders are entitled, under our investors' rights
agreement, to certain demand registration rights. In addition, we
filed a registration statement to register shares reserved for
future issuance under our equity compensation plans and a
registration statement to register shares of Class A common stock
issued pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan for resale. As a
result, subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods,
the registered shares, including those issued upon exercise of
outstanding stock options, will be available for immediate resale
in the United States in the open market.

Sales of our Class A common stock as restrictions end or pursuant
to registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell
equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we
deem appropriate. These sales also could cause the market price of
our Class A common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you
to sell shares of our Class A common stock.
The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise
will dilute all other stockholders.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us
to issue up to 1,500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, up to
150,000,000 shares of Class C common stock, and up to 100,000,000
shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may
be determined by our board of directors. Subject to compliance with
applicable rules and regulations, we may issue shares of Class A
common stock or securities convertible into shares of our Class A
common stock from time to time in connection with a financing,
acquisition, investment, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise.
For example, in connection with our acquisition of Adjust in April
2021, we issued convertible securities that converted into an
aggregate of 6,320,688 shares of our Class A common stock. Any such
issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing
stockholders and cause the market price of our Class A common stock
to decline.

Our multi-class stock structure, the Voting Agreement, and other
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer,
or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of
our Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended
and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the
acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following:

• our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement,
which provide the Voting Agreement Parties with the ability to
determine or significantly influence the outcome of matters
requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less
than a majority of the shares of our outstanding common stock;

• vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by our
board of directors and not by stockholders;

• a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by a
majority of our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of
directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or our President;
                                39                                 
Table of Contents

• advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate
candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an
annual meeting of stockholders;

• our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not
provide for cumulative voting;

• our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes
undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established
and shares of which may be issued by our board of directors,
without further action by our stockholders;

• after the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class
B common stock represent less than a majority of the total combined
voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B common
stock (the "Voting Threshold Date"), our stockholders will only be
able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and will not be
able to take action by written consent for any matter; and

• certain litigation against us may only be brought in Delaware.

These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or
prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company.
These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it
more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their
choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they
desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the
opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their
shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect the
market price of our Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court
located within the State of Delaware and the federal district
courts of the United States as the exclusive forum for
substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which
could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the judicial forum
for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in
writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any
action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our
stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws,
or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the
internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have
jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of
Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction
over indispensable parties named as defendants, and provided that
this exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to
enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act.

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions.
Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to
entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in
multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary
rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our
amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district
courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum
for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising
under the Securities Act. However, while the Delaware Supreme Court
ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions
purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in
federal court are “facially valid” under Delaware law, there is
uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our federal
forum provision. If the federal forum provision is found to be
unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with
resolving such matters.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding
or owning (or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our
securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the
foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we believe these exclusive
forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in
the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the
types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum
provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a
judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our
directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may
discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims against us and our
current and former directors, officers, stockholders, or other
employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our
compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum
provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive
forum provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be
unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional
costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions,
which could harm our results of operations.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                             │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 1C. Cybersecurity                                         │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                   
  Risk Management and Strategy.                                    
                                                                   
We have established policies and processes for assessing,
identifying, and managing material risk from cybersecurity threats,
and have integrated these processes into our overall risk
management systems and processes. We routinely assess material
risks from cybersecurity threats, including any potential
unauthorized occurrence on, or conducted through, our
                                40                                 
Table of Contents

information systems, that may result in adverse effects on the
confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information
systems or any information residing therein.

We conduct periodic risk assessments to identify potential
cybersecurity threats, as well as assessments in the event of a
material change in our business practices that may affect
information systems that are vulnerable to such cybersecurity
threats. The frequency of these risk assessments is based on the
potential risk and criticality to our business systems. The risk
assessments include identification of reasonably foreseeable
internal and external risks, the likelihood and potential impact
and damage that could result from such risks, and the sufficiency
of existing policies, procedures, systems, and safeguards in place
to manage such risks.

Following these risk assessments, we evaluate how to reasonably
address identified gaps in existing safeguards to minimize
identified risks and regularly monitor the effectiveness of our
safeguards. We devote significant resources and designate high
level personnel, including our Head of Information Security and
Compliance, to manage the risk assessment and mitigation process.

As part of our overall risk management system, we monitor and test
our safeguards, in collaboration with human resources, IT, and
management. Personnel at all levels and departments are made aware
of our cybersecurity policies and educated about cybersecurity best
practices through annual company-wide cybersecurity training,
regular phishing simulations, and role-based training, as
appropriate.

We engage consultants and third parties in connection with our risk
assessment processes. These providers assist us in evaluating our
cybersecurity program, provide support for threat monitoring and
detection, and scan for vulnerabilities and other related security
events which may pose a risk to the company.

We utilize our third-party risk management program to evaluate the
cybersecurity posture of our third-party service providers based on
risk, including data and systems access. These processes assist us
in identifying and mitigating risks from cybersecurity threats
associated with our use of third-party service providers. Where
appropriate, we contractually require third-party service providers
to implement and maintain appropriate and reasonable security
measures in connection with their work with us and consistent with
applicable laws, and to promptly report any breach of their
security measures or systems that may affect our company.

To date, cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any
previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected our
company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or
financial condition. For additional information regarding whether
any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any
previous cybersecurity incidents, are reasonably likely to
materially affect our company in the future, including our business
strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, see Part
I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including the risk factor entitled “Security breaches, improper
access to or disclosure of our data or user data, other hacking and
phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber incidents could
harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.”
                                                                   
  Governance                                                       
                                                                   
One of the key functions of our Board of Directors is informed
oversight of our risk management process, including risks from
cybersecurity threats. Our Board of Directors is responsible for
monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, and our executive
officers are responsible for the day-to-day management of the
material risks we face. Our Board of Directors administers its
cybersecurity risk oversight function directly as a whole, as well
as through the Audit Committee.

Our Head of Information Security and Compliance and the InfoSec
team are primarily responsible for assessing and managing our
material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Head of Information
Security and Compliance has over two decades of experience leading
cybersecurity, data privacy and risk management programs for large,
multi-national organizations and Fortune 500 companies, and CISSP
and CRISC certifications. Our InfoSec management team is comprised
of qualified cybersecurity professionals whose collective expertise
includes penetration testing, cyber threat intelligence, data
privacy, information security, and risk and compliance in the
healthcare, financial, and technology industries, with
certifications such as CISA, CRISC, CISSP, CCSP, CIPP, GIAC, and
OSCP.

Our Head of Information Security and Compliance and the InfoSec
Team, in partnership with our Legal Privacy Team, oversee our
cybersecurity policies and processes, including those described in
“Risk Management and Strategy” above. Our Head of Information
Security and Compliance and the InfoSec Team are informed about and
monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of
cybersecurity incidents through their implementation and oversight
of safeguards, including through the use of automated tools and
manual processes, like security event monitoring, vulnerability
scanning, threat analytics, security awareness and training,
endpoint security, bug bounty program, offensive security testing,
and third-party risk and monitoring.

Our Head of Information Security and Compliance provides quarterly
and as needed briefings to the Audit Committee regarding our
company’s cybersecurity program and information security risks,
including any recent AppLovin-related cybersecurity incidents and
possible responses, internal and third-party cybersecurity systems
testing, third-party risk management, and other topics related to
cybersecurity. The Audit Committee provides updates to the Board on
such reports. The Company has adopted an escalation process for
review of cybersecurity incidents, based on severity level, by an
internal cyber task force with oversight by the Audit Committee. In
addition, our Head of Information Security and Compliance provides
annual briefings to the Board on our cybersecurity program and
risks.
                                41                                 
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 2. Properties                                             │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our corporate headquarters is in Palo Alto, California, where we
currently lease approximately 72,812 square feet under a lease
agreement that expires in May 2028. We also lease and license
additional facilities in the United States in Palo Alto, San
Francisco, Santa Monica, Los Angeles, California; Las Vegas,
Nevada; Bellevue, Washington; New York, New York; and Richardson,
Texas; and internationally in Toronto, Canada; Beijing, Hangzhou
and Shanghai, China; Limassol, Cyprus; London, England; Paris,
France; Berlin and Frankfurt, Germany; Jakarta, Indonesia;
Herzliya, Israel; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, South Korea; Singapore;
Bangkok, Thailand; Izmir, Turkey; Haarlem, Netherlands; and Ho Chi
Minh City, Vietnam.

We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current
needs. However, we intend to expand our facilities and add new
facilities as we add employees and enter new geographic markets,
and we believe that suitable additional or alternative space will
be available as needed to accommodate any such growth. We expect to
incur additional expenses in connection with such new or expanded
facilities.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                      │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and
claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as
governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings.
In addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims
against us in the form of letters and other communications. We are
not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined
adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend
ourselves and our business partners and to determine the scope,
enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or
to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or
future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and
regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on
us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management
resources, and other factors.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                 ║
║                             Part II                             ║
║                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related         │
│  Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                   
  Market Information for Common Stock                              
                                                                   
Our Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market under the symbol “APP.” Our Class B and Class C common stock
are neither listed nor traded.
                                                                   
  Holders of Record                                                
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2023, there were approximately 64 stockholders
of record of our Class A common stock, 10 stockholders of records
of our Class B common stock and no holders of record of our Class C
common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock
are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of
stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of
stockholders represented by these record holders. All shares of
Class B common stock are beneficially held by Adam Foroughi, Herald
Chen, and KKR Denali Holdings L.P., collectively with certain
affiliated trusts.
                                                                   
  Dividend Policy                                                  
                                                                   
We have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and we do
not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
                                                                   
  Stock Performance Graph                                          
                                                                   
This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or
to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"),
or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and
shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of AppLovin Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act").

The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on
our Class A common stock with the cumulative total return on the
Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index ("S&P 500") and the S&P 500
Information Technology Index ("S&P IT") through December 31, 2023.
The graph assumes $100 was invested at the market close on April
15, 2021, which was the first day our Class A common stock began
trading. Data for the S&P 500 and S&P IT assumes reinvestment of
dividends. The offering price of our Class A common stock in our
initial public offering on April 15, 2021 was $80.00 per share. The
graph uses the closing market price on April 15, 2021 of $65.20 per
share as the initial value of our Class A common stock.

The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data
and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future
performance of our Class A common stock.
                                42                                 
Table of Contents
Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
                                                                   
  Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities                           
                                                                   
During the three months ended December 31, 2023 , we issued RSUs
covering 7,802 shares of our Class A common stock under our 2021
Partner Studio Incentive Plan. During the three months ended
December 31, 2023, we issue d 61,136 shares o f our Class A common
stock upon the vesting of RSUs under our 2021 Partner Studio
Incentive Plan.

The foregoing transactions did not involve any underwriters, any
underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We
believe the offer, sale, and issuance of the above securities was
exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation S promulgated
under the Securities Act, because the issuance of securities to the
recipients did not involve a public offering. The recipients of the
securities in the transaction represented their intentions to
acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to
or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and
appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates issued
in the transaction. All recipients had adequate access, through
their relationships with us or otherwise, to information about us.
The issuance of these securities was made without any general
solicitation or advertising.
                                                                   
  Use of Proceeds                                                  
                                                                   
None.
                                                                   
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                            
                                                                   
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 6. [Reserved]                                             │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL      │
│  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                            │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include those identified below and those discussed in
the section titled “Risk Factors” and other parts of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in
the future.
                                                                   
  Overview                                                         
                                                                   
Our mission is to create meaningful connections between companies
and their ideal customers. We provide end-to-end software and AI-
powered solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their
global audience. We also operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps
and accelerated our market penetration through an active
acquisition and partnership strategy. Our scaled business model
sits at the nexus of the advertising ecosystem, which creates a
durable competitive advantage that has fueled our clients’ success
and our strong growth.

Since our founding in 2011, we have been focused on building a
software-based platform for advertisers to improve the
                                43                                 
Table of Contents

marketing and monetization of their content. Our founders, who were
mobile app developers themselves, quickly realized the real
impediment to success and growth in the advertising ecosystem was a
discovery and monetization problem—breaking through the congested
app stores to efficiently find users and successfully grow their
business. Their first-hand experience with these challenges led to
the development of our infrastructure and Software Platform. We
capitalized on our success and understanding of the mobile app
ecosystem by entering into the mobile game apps industry in 2018.
Our global diversified portfolio of apps now consist of over 200
free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by eleven
studios.

For 2023, our revenue grew 17% year-over-year from 2022, from $2.82
billion in 2022 to $3.28 billion in 2023. For 2022, our revenue
grew 1% year-over-year from 2021, from $2.79 billion in 2021 to
$2.82 billion in 2022. We generated net income of $356.7 million in
2023, net loss of $192.9 million in 2022, and net income of $35.3
million in 2021. We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $1.5 billion, $1.1
billion, and $726.8 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Additionally, we have generated strong cash flows, with net cash
provided by operating activities of $1.1 billion, $412.8 million,
and $361.9 million in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Given our
strong financial position, we have been able to reinvest in our
expansion and growth and consummate strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. See the section titled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures”
for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of
Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable
financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.

In February 2022, our board of directors authorized a share
repurchase program to repurchase $750.0 million of our Class A
common stock, which was increased by $296.0 million in May 2023,
$447.6 million in August 2023, and $1.25 billion in February 2024.
As of December 31, 2023, we had repurchased $1,153.6 million of our
class A common stock. We will continuously evaluate efficient
alternatives to using cash on hand to fund the program, including
accessing the capital markets, subject to market conditions.
                                                                   
  Our Business Model                                               
                                                                   
We collect revenue from our Software Platform and our Apps. During
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Software Platform
Revenue represented 56% of total revenue and Apps Revenue
represented 44% of total revenue.

We report our operating results through two reportable segments:
Software Platform and Apps. Prior to the second quarter of 2022, we
had a single operating and reportable segment.

Our CODM, the Chief Executive Officer, evaluates performance of
each segment based on several factors, of which the financial
measures are segment revenue and segment adjusted EBITDA, as
defined in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.

The Software Platform and Apps segments provide a view into the
organization of our business and generate revenue as follows:
                                                                   
  Software Platform Revenue                                        
                                                                   
We primarily generate Software Platform Revenue from fees paid by
advertisers who use our Software Platform to grow and monetize
their content. We are able to grow our Software Platform Revenue by
improving our various software technologies.

Software Platform clients include a wide variety of advertisers,
from indie developer studios to some of the largest global internet
platforms, such as Facebook and Google. We see multiple
opportunities to gain new Software Platform clients, and to
increase spend from existing clients, as we help them grow their
businesses and make them more successful.

Our Software Platform includes AppDiscovery, MAX, Adjust, and Wurl.
Clients use AppDiscovery to automate, optimize, and manage their
user acquisition investments. They set marketing and user growth
goals, and AppDiscovery optimizes their ad spend in an effort to
achieve their return on advertising spend targets and other
marketing objectives. AppDiscovery comprises the vast majority of
revenue from our Software Platform. Revenue is generated from our
advertisers, typically on a performance-basis, and shared with our
advertising publishers, typically on a cost per impression model.

Software Platform clients use MAX to optimize purchases of app
advertising inventory. The MAX tool suite provides insights to
manage against key performance indicators, understand the long-term
value of users, and help manage profitability. Revenue from MAX is
generated based on a percentage of client spend. As more developers
move to in-app bidding monetization, we expect growth in the
adoption of, and revenue from, MAX.

Software Platform clients use Adjust's measurement and analytics
marketing platform to better understand their users' journey while
allowing marketers to make smarter decisions through measurement,
attribution and fraud prevention. Revenue from Adjust is primarily
generated from an annual software subscription fee.

Software Platform clients use Wurl's CTV platform to distribute
streaming video, maximize advertising revenue, and acquire and
retain viewers or subscribers. Revenue from Wurl is primarily
generated from content companies, typically on a usage-based model.
                                                                   
  Apps Revenue                                                     
                                                                   
Apps Revenue is generated when a user of one of our Apps makes an
in-app purchase (“IAP") and when clients purchase the digital
advertising inventory of our portfolio of Apps ("IAA"). We are able
to grow our Apps Revenue by adding more apps to our Apps portfolio
and increasing engagement on our existing Apps.
                                44                                 
Table of Contents

Our Apps are generally free-to-play mobile games and generate IAP
Revenue through IAPs. IAPs consist of virtual goods used to enhance
gameplay, accelerate access to certain features or levels, and
augment other mobile game progression opportunities for the user.
IAPs drive more engagement and better economics from our Apps. The
vast majority of our IAP revenue flows through two app stores,
Apple App Store and Google Play, which charge us a standard
commission on IAPs. IAP Revenue represented 69% of total Apps
Revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023.

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, we had an average
of 1.8 million Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs") across our portfolio
of Apps. Over that period, we had an Average Revenue Per Monthly
Active Payer ("ARPMAP") of $46. See “Key Metrics” below for
additional information on how we calculate MAPs and ARPMAP.

IAA clients that purchase advertising inventory from our Apps are
able to target highly relevant users from our diverse and global
portfolio of over 200 mobile games. Our clients leverage a broad
set of high-performing mobile ad formats, including playable and
rewarded video, and are able to match these ads with relevant users
resulting in a better return on their advertising spend. By
increasing the number of users and their engagement, as well as
better matching ads with the appropriate target audience, we are
able to increase our revenue from IAA clients that purchase
advertising inventory from our Apps. IAA Revenue represented 31% of
total Apps Revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023.
                                                                   
  Key Metrics                                                      
                                                                   
We review the following key metrics on a regular basis in order to
evaluate the health of our business, identify trends affecting our
performance, prepare financial projections, and make strategic
decisions.

Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs"). We define a MAP as a unique mobile
device active on one of our Apps in a month that completed at least
one IAP during that time period. A consumer who makes IAPs within
two separate Apps on the same mobile device in a monthly period
will be counted as two MAPs. MAPs for a particular time period
longer than one month are the average MAPs for each month during
that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating certain
data from third-party attribution partners. Some of our Apps do not
utilize such third-party attribution partners, and therefore our
MAPs figure for any period does not capture every user that
completed an IAP on our Apps. We estimate that our counted MAPs
generated approximately 99% of our IAP Revenue during the year
ended December 31, 2023, and as such, management believes that MAPs
is still a useful metric to measure the engagement and monetization
potential of our games.

Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer ("ARPMAP"). We define
ARPMAP as (i) the total IAP Revenue derived from our Apps in a
monthly period, divided by (ii) MAPs in that same period. ARPMAP
for a particular time period longer than one month is the average
ARPMAP for each month during that period. ARPMAP shows how
efficiently we are monetizing each MAP.

The following table shows our Monthly Active Payers and Average
Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer for the years ended December 31,
2023, 2022 and 2021.
                                                                   
                                 Year Ended                        
                               December 31,                        
                                       2023       2022       2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Monthly Active Payers                 1.8        2.3        3.0  
  (millions)                                                       
  Average Revenue Per       $            46    $    43    $    43  
  Monthly Active Payer                                             
                                                                   
Our key metrics are not based on any standardized industry
methodology and are not necessarily calculated in the same manner
or comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other
companies. Similarly, our key metrics may differ from estimates
published by third parties or from similarly titled metrics of our
competitors due to differences in methodology. The numbers that we
use to calculate MAPs and ARPMAP are based on internal data. While
these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable
judgments and estimates for the applicable period of measurement,
there are inherent challenges in measuring usage and engagement. We
regularly review and may adjust our processes for calculating our
internal metrics to improve their accuracy.
                                                                   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin                       
                                                                   
We define Adjusted EBITDA for a particular period as net income
(loss) before interest expense and loss on settlement of debt,
other income (expense), net (excluding certain recurring items),
provision for (benefit from) income taxes, amortization,
depreciation and write-offs and as further adjusted for stock-based
compensation expense, acquisition-related expense and transaction
bonus, publisher bonuses, MoPub acquisition transition services,
restructuring costs, impairment and loss in connection with the
sale of long-lived assets, non-operating foreign exchange (gain)
losses, and change in the fair value of contingent consideration.
We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by
revenue for the same period.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are key measures we use
to assess our financial performance and are also used for internal
planning and forecasting purposes. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin are helpful to investors, analysts, and
other interested parties because they can assist in providing a
more consistent and comparable overview of our operations across
our historical financial periods. In addition, these measures are
frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested
parties to evaluate and assess performance. We use Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as
part of our overall assessment of our performance, including the
preparation of
                                45                                 
Table of Contents

our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate
the effectiveness of our business strategies, and to communicate
with our board of directors concerning our financial performance.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial
measures and are presented for supplemental informational purposes
only and should not be considered as alternatives or substitutes to
financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. These
measures have certain limitations in that they do not include the
impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our consolidated
statement of operations that are necessary to run our business. Our
definitions may differ from the definitions used by other companies
and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition, other
companies may not publish these or similar metrics. Thus, our
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should be considered in
addition to, not as substitutes for, or in isolation from, measures
prepared in accordance with GAAP.

The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA margin for 2023, 2022, and 2021, and a reconciliation of net
income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                   
               Year                                                
               Ended                                               
               December                                            
               31,          2023             2022            2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                 
               thousan…                                            
               except                                              
               percent…                                            
  Net                                                              
  income    $            356,711    $    -192,947    $     35,338  
  (loss)                                                           
  Adjus…                                                           
  as                                                               
  follo…                                                           
  Inter…                                                           
  expen…                                                           
  and                                                              
  loss                   275,665          171,863         103,170  
  on                                                               
  settl…                                                           
  of                                                               
  debt                                                             
  Other                                                            
  income                  -7,831          -18,647          -7,545  
  (expe…                                                           
  net1                                                             
  Provi…                                                           
  for                                                              
  (bene…                  23,859          -12,230          10,973  
  from)                                                            
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Amort…                                                           
  depre…                 489,008          547,084         431,063  
  and                                                              
  write…                                                           
  Impai…                                                           
  and                                                              
  loss                                                             
  in                                                               
  conne…                       —          127,892               —  
  with                                                             
  sale                                                             
  of                                                               
  long-…                                                           
  assets                                                           
  Non-o…                                                           
  forei…                  -1,224             -164          -1,537  
  excha…                                                           
  gain                                                             
  Stock…                 363,107          191,612         135,468  
  compe…                                                           
  Acqui…                                                           
  expen…                                                           
  and                      1,047           21,279          16,887  
  trans…                                                           
  bonus                                                            
  Publi…                       —          209,635           3,227  
  bonus…                                                           
  MoPub                                                            
  acqui…                       —            6,999               —  
  trans…                                                           
  servi…                                                           
  Restr…                   2,316           10,834               —  
  costs                                                            
  Change                                                           
  in the                                                           
  fair                                                             
  value                        —                —            -230  
  of                                                               
  conti…                                                           
  consi…                                                           
  Adjus…    $            1,502,…    $    1,063,2…    $    726,814  
  EBITDA                                                           
  Net                                                              
  income                   10.9%           (6.8)%            1.3%  
  (loss)                                                           
  margin                                                           
  Adjus…                                                           
  EBITDA                   45.8%            37.7%           26.0%  
  margin                                                           
                                                                   
1 Excludes recurring operational foreign exchange gains and losses
and write-off investments included in Amortization, depreciation
and write-offs.

2 The twelve months ended December 31, 2021 includes $2.3 million
of bonus compensation settled in stock outside of the scope of ASC
718.

3 In association with the MoPub acquisition, we incurred certain
costs to incentivize publishers to migrate to our MAX mediation
solution, including existing publishers of MoPub as well as
publishers on other competitor offerings. We have not historically
incurred significant publisher migration costs, nor do we currently
intend to incur significant publisher migration costs in the
future. As such, we have removed the impact of these costs from
Adjusted EBITDA.

4 Reflects one-time transition services provided by Twitter to
AppLovin.
                                46                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Free Cash Flow                                                   
                                                                   
We define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by operating
activities less purchases of property and equipment and principal
payment of finance leases. We use Free Cash Flow to help manage the
health of our business, prepare budgets and for capital allocation
purposes. We believe Free Cash Flow provides useful supplemental
information to help investors understand underlying trends in our
business and our liquidity. Free cash flow has certain limitations,
including that it does not reflect our future contractual
commitments. Our definition may differ from the definitions used by
other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In
addition, other companies may not publish Free Cash Flow or similar
metrics. Thus, our Free Cash Flow should be considered in addition
to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, measures
prepared in accordance with GAAP.

The following table provides our Free Cash Flow for 2023, 2022, and
2021, and a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating
activities to Free Cash Flow:
                                                                   
                     Year Ended                                    
                   December 31,                                    
                           2023             2022             2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            -in                                    
                     thousands,                                    
                         except                                    
                    percentages                                    
  Net cash                                                         
  provided                                                         
  by            $     1,061,510    $     412,773    $     361,851  
  operating                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Less:                                                            
  Purchase                                                         
  of                                                               
  property               -4,246             -662           -1,390  
  and                                                              
  equipment                                                        
  Principal                                                        
  payments              -20,170          -24,083          -15,271  
  of finance                                                       
  leases                                                           
  Free Cash     $     1,037,094    $     388,028    $     345,190  
  Flow                                                             
  Net cash                                                         
  used in       $       -77,829    $  -1,371,468    $  -1,214,930  
  investing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Net cash                                                         
  provided                                                         
  by (used      $    -1,562,791    $    -526,848    $   3,109,546  
  in)                                                              
  financing                                                        
  activities                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Factors Affecting Our Performance                                
                                                                   
We believe that the future success of our business depends on many
factors, including the factors described below. While each of these
factors presents significant opportunities for our business, they
also pose important challenges that we must successfully address in
order to continue to grow profitably while maintaining strong cash
flow.
                                                                   
  Continue to invest in innovation                                 
                                                                   
We have made, and intend to continue to make, significant
investments in our Software Platform to enhance its effectiveness
and value proposition for our clients. We expect that these
investments will require spending on research and development, and
acquisitions and partnerships related to technology components and
products. We believe investments in our software, including our AI-
powered advertising engine AXON, AppDiscovery, Adjust, and MAX,
will further improve effectiveness for advertisers. Our investments
will also allow us to enter new mobile app sectors outside of
gaming. While our investments in research and development and
acquisitions and partnerships may not result in revenue in the near
term, we believe these investments position us to increase our
revenue over time.
                                                                   
  Retain and grow existing clients                                 
                                                                   
We rely on existing clients for a significant portion of our
revenue. As we improve our Software Platform and Apps, we can
attract additional spend from these clients. Our clients include
indie studio developers and some of the largest advertising
platforms in the world. We believe there is significant room for us
to further expand our relationships with these clients and increase
their usage of our Software Platform. We have invested in targeted
sales and account-based marketing efforts, including through
Adjust’s sales and marketing teams, to identify and showcase
opportunities to clients and plan to continue to do so in the
future.

In the past, our clients have generally increased their usage of
our Software Platform and Apps, and as a result, growth from
existing clients has been a primary driver of our revenue growth.
We must continue to retain our existing clients and expand their
spend with us over time to continue to grow our revenue, increase
profitability and drive greater cash flow.
                                                                   
  Add new clients globally                                         
                                                                   
Our future success depends in part on our ability to acquire new
clients. We recently increased our focus on markets outside the
United States to serve the needs of clients globally. In 2023, only
42% of our revenue from Software Platform and IAA Revenue clients
was generated from outside of the United States. We believe that
the global opportunity is significant and will continue to expand
as developers and advertisers outside the United States adopt our
Software Platform and advertise on our Apps. We also see
opportunities to acquire new clients outside of mobile gaming, as
the capabilities of our Software Platform are relevant to the
broader advertising and mobile app ecosystems. We are investing in
direct sales, product development, education, and other
capabilities to drive increased awareness and adoption of our
Software Platform and Apps, which investments may impact our
profitability in the near term as we seek further scale. We must
continue to acquire new clients to grow our revenue, increase
profitability, and drive greater cash flow.
                                47                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Continued execution of strategic partnerships                    
                                                                   
We intend to continue to explore and enter into strategic
partnerships to grow our business. From the beginning of 2018
through end of 2022, we have invested nearly $4.0 billion in 29
strategic acquisitions and partnerships with mobile app developers
and for technologies to enhance our Software Platform including the
acquisition of MAX in 2018, Adjust in April 2021, MoPub in January
2022, and Wurl in April 2022. While we were not focused on
acquisitions in 2023, we continue to explore strategic partnership
opportunities related to our Software Platform, and the expansion
of the markets it serves. We believe our future results of
operations will be affected by our ability to continue to identify
and execute such transactions that are accretive to our growth and
profitability.

Growth and structure of the mobile app and advertising ecosystems

Our business and results of operations will be impacted by industry
factors that drive the overall performance of the mobile app and
advertising ecosystems. Mobile app developers, including AppLovin,
rely on third-party platforms, such as the Apple App Store and
Google Play Store, among others, to distribute games, collect
payments made for IAPs, and target users with relevant advertising.
We expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. These third-
party platforms have significant market power and discretion to set
platform fees, select which apps to promote, and decide how much
consumer information to provide to advertising networks that enable
our Software Platform to target users with personalized and
relevant advertising and allocate marketing campaigns in an
efficient and cost-effective manner. Any changes made in the
policies of third-party platforms could drive rapid change across
the mobile app and advertising ecosystems. For example, in April
2021, Apple started implementing its application tracking
transparency framework that, among other things, requires users'
opt-in consent for certain types of tracking. While this
transparency framework has not had a significant impact on our
overall business, it may do so in the future, including with
respect to the effectiveness of our advertising practices and/or
our ability to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps. We rely
in part on Identifier for Advertisers ("IDFA") to provide us with
data that helps our Software Platform better market and monetize
Apps. In light of the IDFA and transparency changes, we made
changes to our data collection practices. To the extent we are
unable to utilize IDFA or a similar offering, or if the
transparency changes and any related opt-in or other requirements
result in decreases in the availability or utility of data relating
to Apps, our Software Platform may not be as effective, we may not
be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps,
and our revenue and results of operations may be harmed.
Additionally, Apple implemented new requirements for consumer
disclosures regarding privacy and data processing practices in
December 2020, which has resulted in increased compliance
requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps. Apple
incorporated new SDK privacy controls into iOS 17, which was
released in September 2023, including privacy manifests and
signatures designed to allow app developers to outline the data
practices for SDKs embedded in their apps, manage tracking domains
within SDKs, and curb device fingerprinting by requiring app
developers to select allowed reasons for using data received
through certain APIs. In February 2022, Google announced its
Privacy Sandbox initiative for Android, a multi-year effort
expected to restrict tracking activity and limit advertisers'
ability to collect app and user data across Android devices. In May
2023, Google announced new consent management platform ("CMP")
requirements for ads served in the European Economic Area ("EEA")
and UK, which will require, starting in January 2024, publishers
using Google AdSense, Ad Manager, or AdMob to use a CMP that has
been certified by Google and has integrated with the Interactive
Advertising Bureau's ("IAB") Transparency and Consent Framework
when serving ads to users in the EEA or the UK. While to date these
third-party platform privacy changes have had some impact on the
discoverability of apps across these platforms and have had a
relatively muted aggregate impact on our results of operations, the
ultimate impact of these or any similar or future changes to the
policies of Apple or Google could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

New tools for developers, industry standards, and platforms may
emerge in the future. We believe our focus on the advertising
ecosystem has allowed us to understand the needs of our clients and
our relentless innovation has enabled us to quickly adapt to
changes in the industry and pioneer new solutions. We must continue
to innovate and stay ahead of developments in the advertising and
mobile app ecosystems in order for our business to succeed and our
results of operations to continue to improve.
                                                                   
  Current Economic Conditions                                      
                                                                   
We are subject to risks and uncertainties caused by global economic
conditions and events with significant macroeconomic impacts,
including but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic, international
conflicts in the Ukraine and Middle East, and actions taken to
counter inflation. Inflation, rising interest rates and reduced
consumer confidence have caused and may continue to cause our
clients to be cautious in their spending. The full impact of these
macroeconomic events and the extent to which these macro factors
may impact our business, financial condition, and results of
operations in the future remains uncertain. The risks related to
our business are further described in the section titled “Risk
Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  Components of Results of Operations                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
We generate Software Platform Revenue primarily from fees collected
from advertisers spending on AppDiscovery, typically on a
performance basis, then shared with our advertising publishers,
typically on a cost per impression basis. Software Platform Revenue
also includes fees generated based on a percentage of client spend
through MAX and subscription fees for Adjust's measurement and
analytics marketing platform. Revenue from other services under
Software Platform was not material.

We generate Apps Revenue from IAPs made by the users within our
Apps and from IAA generated from advertisers that
                                48                                 
Table of Contents

purchase advertising inventory from our diverse portfolio of Apps.
IAA Revenue from our Apps was 31%, 33% and 31% of total Apps
Revenue in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses                           
                                                                   
Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party
payment processing fees for distribution partners, amortization of
acquired technology-related intangible assets, amortization of
finance lease right-of-use assets related to certain servers and
networking equipment and costs for third-party cloud service
providers. Third-party payment processing fees relate to IAP
Revenue. The fees for IAPs are processed and collected by third-
party distribution partners. We expect our cost of revenue to
increase in absolute dollars over the long term as our business and
revenue continue to grow. We also expect our cost of revenue as a
percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-period.

Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses consist
primarily of user acquisition costs, marketing programs and other
advertising expenses, professional services costs related to the
marketing of apps by third parties, personnel-related expenses
including salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation
for employees engaged in sales and marketing activities,
amortization of acquired user-related intangible assets, travel and
allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to grow our
Software Platform customer base and increase brand awareness. We
also plan to continue to invest in new App launches to the extent
we see opportunities for cost-effective growth. We expect sales and
marketing expenses to fluctuate period-over-period as we launch new
games. We also expect our sales and marketing expenses as a
percentage of revenue to fluctuate period- over-period in the near
term as we invest to grow our customer base and increase brand
awareness, and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from
greater scale.

Research and development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of product development costs, including personnel-related
expenses such as salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in research and development
activities, professional services costs related to development of
new apps by third parties, consulting costs, regulatory compliance
costs, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in research and development to
continue to enhance our Software Platform and to improve existing
games and develop new games. We expect our research and development
expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-period
in the near term as we invest to enhance our Software Platform and
improve our existing Apps and develop new Apps, and to decrease
over the long term as we benefit from greater scale.

General and administrative. General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of costs incurred to support our business,
including personnel-related expenses such as salaries, employee
benefits, and stock-based compensation for employees engaged in
finance, accounting, legal, human resources and administration,
professional services fees for legal, accounting, recruiting, and
administrative services (including acquisition-related expenses),
insurance, travel, and allocated facilities and information
technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in our general and administrative
function to support the growth of our business. We expect our
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue to
fluctuate period-over-period in the near term as we invest to
support the growth of our business, and to decrease over the long
term as we benefit from greater scale.
                                                                   
  Other Income and Expenses                                        
                                                                   
Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt. Interest expense
and loss on settlement of debt consists primarily of interest
expense associated with our outstanding debt, including accretion
of debt discount, and gains and losses of interest rate swap
related to the variable interest payments associated with our
outstanding debt.

Other income (expense), net. Other income (expense), net, primarily
includes interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents, fair
value adjustments relating to our non-marketable equity securities,
and foreign currency gains and losses.

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. We are subject to income
taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do
business. These foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax
rates than those in the United States. Additionally, certain of our
foreign earnings may also be taxable in the United States.
Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary depending on the
relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, impacts from
acquisition restructuring, deduction benefits related to foreign-
derived intangible income, future changes in the valuation of our
deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws.
Additionally, our effective tax rate can vary based on the amount
of pre-tax income or loss.
                                49                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Results of Operations                                            
                                                                   
In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the
year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December
31, 2022. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2022
compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, please refer to Part
II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The following tables summarize our consolidated statement of
operations.
                                                                   
                      Years Ended                                  
                     December 31,                                  
                             2023                                  
                              (in                                  
                       thousands)            2022            2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue        $      3,283,087    $  2,817,058    $  2,793,104  
  Costs and                                                        
  expenses                                                         
  Cost of               1,059,191       1,256,065         988,095  
  revenue1,2                                                       
  Sales and               830,718         919,550       1,129,892  
  marketing1…                                                      
  Research                                                         
  and                     592,386         507,607         366,402  
  developmen…                                                      
  General and             152,585         181,627         158,699  
  administra…                                                      
  Total costs                                                      
  and                   2,634,880       2,864,849       2,643,088  
  expenses                                                         
  Income                                                           
  (loss) from             648,207         -47,791         150,016  
  operations                                                       
  Other                                                            
  income                                                           
  (expense):                                                       
  Interest                                                         
  expense and                                                      
  loss on                -275,665        -171,863        -103,170  
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Interest                                                         
  income                                                           
  (expense)                 8,028          14,477            -535  
  and other,                                                       
  net                                                              
  Total other            -267,637        -157,386        -103,705  
  expense                                                          
  Income                                                           
  (loss)                                                           
  before                  380,570        -205,177          46,311  
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Provision                                                        
  for                                                              
  (benefit                 23,859         -12,230          10,973  
  from)                                                            
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Net income     $        356,711    $   -192,947    $     35,338  
  (loss)                                                           
                                                                   
_______

1 Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
                                                                   
                          Years Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2023                              
                       (in thousands)          2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of          $            5,229    $    6,307    $    2,335  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and                    79,879        41,533        15,224  
  marketing                                                        
  Research and                230,806        94,319        63,344  
  development                                                      
  General and                  47,193        49,453        52,274  
  administrati…                                                    
  Total                                                            
  stock-based      $          363,107    $  191,612    $  133,177  
  compensation                                                     
                                                                   
_______

2 Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as
follows:
                                                                   
                          Years Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2023                              
                       (in thousands)          2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of          $          382,956    $  448,462    $  373,726  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and                    67,190        66,173        22,661  
  marketing                                                        
  Total                                                            
  amortization                                                     
  expense          $          450,146    $  514,635    $  396,387  
  related to                                                       
  acquired                                                         
  intangibles                                                      
                                                                   
                                50                                 
Table of Contents

The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated
statements of operations for each of the periods presented as a
percentage of revenue 1 :
                                                                   
                             Years Ended                           
                            December 31,                           
                                    2023       2022       2021     
                           -in thousands                           
  Revenue                            100  %     100  %     100  %  
  Costs and                                                        
  expenses:                                                        
  Cost of revenue                     32  %      45  %      35  %  
  Sales and                           25  %      33  %      40  %  
  marketing                                                        
  Research and                        18  %      18  %      13  %  
  development                                                      
  General and                          5  %       6  %       6  %  
  administrative                                                   
  Total costs and                     80  %     102  %      95  %  
  expenses                                                         
  Income (loss)                       20  %      -2  %       5  %  
  from operations                                                  
  Other income                                                     
  (expense):                                                       
  Interest expense                                                 
  and loss on                         -8  %      -6  %      -4  %  
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other income                         0  %       1  %       0  %  
  (expense), net                                                   
  Total other                         -8  %      -6  %      -4  %  
  expense                                                          
  Income (loss)                                                    
  before income                       12  %      -7  %       2  %  
  taxes                                                            
  Provision for                                                    
  (benefit from)                       1  %       —  %       —  %  
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Net income (loss)                   11  %      -7  %       1  %  
                                                                   
_______

1 Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.

Comparison of Our Results of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended
December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021
                                                                   
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
             Years                             2022       2021     
             Ended                               to         to     
             Dece…                             2023       2022     
               31,                                %          %     
              2023        2022        2021    chan…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                 
             thou…                                                 
             exce…                                                 
             perc…                                                 
  Sof…                                                             
  Pla…    $  1,84…    $  1,04…    $  673,…       76  %      56  %  
  Rev…                                                             
  In-…                                                             
  Pur…       989,…       1,17…       1,45…      -16  %     -19  %  
  Rev…                                                             
  In-…                                                             
  Adv…       452,…       588,…       660,…      -23  %     -11  %  
  Rev…                                                             
  Apps       1,44…       1,76…       2,11…      -18  %     -17  %  
  Rev…                                                             
  Tot…    $  3,28…    $  2,81…    $  2,79…       17  %       1  %  
  Rev…                                                             
                                                                   
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, our Software
Platform Revenue increased by $792.6 million, or 76%, from the
prior year period primarily due to publisher bonuses of $209.6
million accounted for as a reduction to revenue in the prior year
period. The increase in Software Platform revenue was also due to
improved AppDiscovery performance, where installations increased
17% and net revenue per installation increased 35% compared to the
prior year period. We do not recognize Software Platform Revenue
from transactions with our studios.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, our Apps Revenue
decreased by $326.6 million, or 18%, from the prior year period.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, our IAP Revenue from
Apps decreased by $190.1 million, or 16%, from the prior year
period, primarily due to a 12% decrease in the volume of IAPs and a
5% decrease in price per IAP. Our IAA Revenue from Apps decreased
by $136.4 million, or 23%, compared to the prior year period, due
to a 45% decrease in price per advertising impression, partially
offset by a 39% increase in the volume of advertising impressions.
We do not recognize IAA Revenue from transactions with our studios.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our Software
Platform Revenue increased by $375.2 million, or 56%, from the
prior year period primarily due to AppDiscovery where installations
increased 24% and revenue per installation increased 46% compared
to the prior year period, as well as our addition of Wurl during
the year which contributed 9% of the Software Platform revenue
increase, and continued growth in MAX and Adjust, partially offset
by publisher bonuses of $209.6 million accounted for as a reduction
to revenue in 2022. We do not recognize Software Platform Revenue
from transactions with our studios.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our Apps Revenue
decreased by $351.3 million, or 17%, from the prior year period.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our IAP Revenue from
Apps decreased by $279.5 million, or 19%, from the prior year
period, primarily due to a 21% decrease in the volume of IAPs,
partially offset by a 2% increase in price per IAP. Our IAA Revenue
from Apps decreased $71.8 million, or 11%, compared to the prior
year period, due to a 16% decrease
                                51                                 
Table of Contents

in price per advertising impression, partially offset by a 7%
increase in the volume of advertising impressions. We do not
recognize IAA Revenue from transactions with our studios.
                                                                   
  Cost of revenue                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2021     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2022     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2021       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  C…                                                               
  of    $  1,…       $  1,…       $  988…       -16  %      27  %  
  r…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of        32  %        45  %         35  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
Cost of revenue in 2023 decreased by $196.9 million, or 16%,
compared to 2022. The decrease in 2023 was primarily due to a
decrease of $192.3 million in amortization and impairment of
intangible assets resulting from the sale of certain assets within
our Apps segment during the second half of 2022 and a decrease of
$50.0 million in third-party payment processing fees as a result of
the decline in IAP revenue, offset by an increase in expenses
associated with operating our network infrastructure driven by the
growth in our Software Platform operations of $42.7 million.

Cost of revenue in 2022 increased by $268.0 million, or 27%,
compared to 2021. The increase in 2022 was primarily due to an
increase of $127.9 million in impairment and loss in connection
with the sale of certain assets resulting from our strategic review
of the Apps portfolio, an increase in expenses associated with
operating our network infrastructure driven by the growth in our
Software Platform operations of $126.1 million, and an increase of
$82.1 million in depreciation and amortization driven primarily by
current-year acquisition activities and the recognition of a full
year amortization of intangible assets acquired in 2021, offset by
an $88.4 million decrease in third-party payment processing fees as
a result of the decline in IAP Revenue.
                                                                   
  Sales and marketing                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2021     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2022     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2021       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  S…                                                               
  a…    $  83…       $  91…       $  1,1…       -10  %     -19  %  
  m…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of        25  %        33  %         40  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
Sales and marketing expenses in 2023 decreased by $88.8 million, or
10%, compared to 2022 primarily due to a $126.5 million decrease in
user acquisition costs and a $12.3 million decrease in professional
services costs associated with the strategic review and
optimization of our Apps segment, offset by a $47.5 million
increase in personnel-related expense primarily due to an increase
in stock-based compensation.

Sales and marketing expenses in 2022 decreased by $210.3 million,
or 19%, compared to 2021 primarily due to a $317.8 million decrease
in user acquisition costs, offset by a $57.1 million increase in
personnel-related expense primarily due to an increase in stock-
based compensation and an increase in headcount from acquisitions,
and a $43.1 million increase in depreciation and amortization of
user-related intangible assets.
                                                                   
  Research and development                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2021     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2022     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2021       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  R…                                                               
  a…    $  59…       $  50…       $  366…        17  %      39  %  
  d…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of        18  %        18  %         13  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
Research and development expenses in 2023 increased by $84.8
million, or 17%, compared to 2022. The increase was primarily due
to an increase of $145.5 million in personnel-related expenses
related to an increase in stock-based compensation expense as a
result of an increase in headcount, offset by a decrease of $67.1
million in professional services costs due to the optimization and
sale of certain assets within our Apps segment.

Research and development expenses in 2022 increased by $141.2
million, or 39%, compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due
to an increase of $70.5 million in professional services costs
related to development of new games by third parties and an
increase of $62.5 million in personnel-related expenses related to
an increase in stock-based compensation expense as a result of an
increase in headcount.
General and administrative
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2021     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2022     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2021       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  G…                                                               
  a…    $  15…       $  18…       $  158…       -16  %      14  %  
  a…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of         5  %         6  %          6  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
                                52                                 
Table of Contents

General and administrative expenses in 2023 decreased by $29.0
million, or 16% compared to 2022. The decrease was primarily due to
$12.7 million in acquisition-related costs in 2022 and a decrease
of $6.7 million in professional services costs primarily associated
with acquisition support.

General and administrative expenses in 2022 increased by $22.9
million, or 14% compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to
an increase of $12.7 million in acquisition-related costs, an
increase of $3.1 million in professional services costs primarily
associated with audit, tax, and legal support, and an increase of
$3.0 million in bad debt expense.
                                                                   
  Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  2022       20…     
           En…                                    to        to     
           De…                                  2023       20…     
           31,                                     %         %     
           20…          2022          20…       cha…       ch…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  I…                                                               
  e…                                                               
  a…                                                               
  l…    $  -2…       $  -17…       $  -1…         60  %     67  %  
  on                                                               
  s…                                                               
  of                                                               
  d…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of        -8  %         -6  %        -4  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
In 2023, interest expense and loss on settlement of debt increased
by $103.8 million, or 60%, compared to 2022. This increase was
primary driven by $99.5 million due to an increase in interest rate
and $4.3 million in loss on settlement of debt resulting from a
debt refinancing transaction during the period.

In 2022, interest expense and loss on settlement of debt increased
by $68.7 million, or 67%, compared to 2021. This increase was
primary due to an increase of $86.9 million in interest expense
related to an increase in the term loan balance and increase in
LIBOR during the period, partially offset by a loss on the
settlement of term loans of $16.9 million during the prior year
period.
                                                                   
  Other income (expense), net                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                 2022       20…      
           En…                                   to       to       
           De…                                 2023       20…      
           31,                                    %       %        
           20…          20…          20…       cha…       ch…      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  O…                                                               
  i…    $  8,…       $  14…       $  -5…        -45  %         **  
  (…                                                               
  n…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of         —  %         1  %         —  %                        
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
** Not meaningful

In 2023, other income (expense), net decreased by $6.4 million
compared to 2022. The decrease was primarily due to the loss on
fair value remeasurement of $20.7 million from the impairment of
non-marketable equity securities and an expense resulting from a
debt refinancing transaction of $11.0 million, offset by an
increase in interest income of $23.2 million and an increase in net
foreign currency gains and losses of $4.4 million.

In 2022, interest income and other, net increased by $15.0 million
compared to 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in
interest income of $14.0 million.
                                                                   
  Provision for (benefit from) Income Taxes                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  2022       20…     
           En…                                    to        to     
           De…                                  2023       20…     
           31,                                     %         %     
           20…          2022          20…       cha…       ch…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  P…                                                               
  f…                                                               
  (…    $  23…       $  -12…       $  10…       -295  %    -2…  %  
  f…                                                               
  i…                                                               
  t…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of         1  %          —  %         —  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
In 2023, tax provision for income taxes increased by $36.1 million,
or 295%, compared to 2022. The increase in tax provision was
primarily driven by an increase of $119.0 million due to the tax
impact on the pre-tax income of $380.6 million in 2023 as compared
to pre-tax loss of $205.2 million in 2022, offset by $65.7 million
related to foreign rate differential and income inclusion, an
increase of $16.5 million related to increase in Global Intangible
Low-Taxed Income offset by an increase in foreign tax credit, an
increase of $25.9 million of stock-based compensation benefit, and
an increase of $13.3 million in the research and development
credit.

In 2022, tax benefit was $12.2 million as compared to the tax
provision of $11.0 million in 2021, a change of $23.2 million, or
211%. The increase in tax benefit was driven by an increase of
$52.7 million due to the tax impact on the pre-tax loss of $205.2
million in 2022 as compared to $46.3 million of pre-tax income in
2021, an increase of $14.7 million related to capital loss, an
increase of $7.2 million due to higher foreign-derived intangible
income deduction, and an increase of $5.1 million due to higher
research and development credit, offset by a decrease of $30.1
million related to decrease in stock-based compensation benefit, a
decrease of $15.7 million due to higher US-foreign rate
differential, a decrease of $5.6 million due to higher foreign
income inclusion and a decrease of $5.2 million due to higher
valuation allowance.
                                53                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Comparison of our Segment Results of Operations                  
                                                                   
The following table presents the results for our Software Platform
and Apps segment adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated:
                                                                   
             Years                             2022       2021     
             Ended                               to         to     
             Dece…                             2023       2022     
               31,                                %          %     
              2023        2022        2021    chan…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                 
             thou…                                                 
             exce…                                                 
             perc…                                                 
  Sof…                                                             
  Pla…    $  1,27…    $  808,…    $  457,…       58  %      77  %  
  Adj…                                                             
  EBI…                                                             
  Apps                                                             
  Adj…    $  226,…    $  254,…    $  269,…      -11  %      -5  %  
  EBI…                                                             
                                                                   
Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Twelve Months
Ended December 31, 2022

The $467.3 million, or 58%, increase in Software Platform Adjusted
EBITDA for 2023 was primarily driven by an increase in Software
Platform revenue of $792.6 million, partially offset by an increase
of $49.5 million in expenses associated with our network
infrastructure and an increase of $46.6 million in personnel-
related expenses related to an increase in stock-based compensation
expense as a result of an increase in headcount. In addition,
Software Platform Adjusted EBITDA for 2022 has been adjusted to
exclude one-time publisher bonuses of $209.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022.

The $27.8 million, or 11%, decrease in Apps Adjusted EBITDA for
2023 was primarily driven by a decrease in Apps Revenue of $326.6
million, offset by a $126.7 million decrease in user acquisition
costs, an $84.1 million decrease in professional services costs
related to marketing, development and maintenance of apps by third
parties, a $50.0 million decrease in third-party payment processing
fees paid associated with IAPs, and a $15.9 million decrease in
personnel-related expenses.

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Twelve Months
Ended December 31, 2021

The $351.1 million, or 77%, increase in Software Platform Adjusted
EBITDA for 2022 was primarily driven by an increase in Software
Platform revenue of $375.2 million, partially offset by an increase
of $123.9 million in expenses associated with our network
infrastructure and an increase of $74.3 million in personnel-
related expenses related to an increase in headcount primarily due
to the acquisitions of Adjust and Wurl. In addition, Software
Platform Adjusted EBITDA for 2022 has been adjusted to exclude one-
time publisher bonuses of $209.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022.

The $14.7 million, or 5%, decrease in Apps Adjusted EBITDA for 2022
was primarily driven by a decrease in Apps Revenue of $351.3
million and a $73.0 million increase in professional services costs
related to development of new apps by third parties, partially
offset by a $317.6 million decrease in user acquisition costs, and
an $88.4 million decrease in third-party payment processing fees
paid associated with IAPs.
                                                                   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources                                  
                                                                   
Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through
payments received from clients using our Software Platform and
advertising on our Apps, and from user IAPs from our Apps, and
through net proceeds we received from the sales of our convertible
preferred stock and of our Class A common stock in our initial
public offering and debt borrowings, including borrowings made
under our credit agreement. As of December 31, 2023, we had cash
and cash equivalents of $502.2 million.

We believe that our cash and cash equivalents would be sufficient
to satisfy our anticipated working capital and capital expenditures
needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital
requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our
growth rate; sales and marketing activities; timing and extent of
spending to support our research and development efforts; capital
expenditures to purchase hardware and software; and our continued
need to invest in our IT infrastructure to support our growth. In
addition, we may enter into additional strategic partnerships as
well as agreements to acquire or invest in teams and technologies,
including intellectual property rights, which could increase our
cash requirements. For example, in 2022, we acquired MoPub and
Wurl, which reduced our year-end 2022 cash balance by $1.3 billion.
As a result of these and other factors, we may be required to seek
additional equity or debt financing sooner than we currently
anticipate. If additional financing from outside sources is
required, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us,
or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when
required, or if we cannot expand our operations or otherwise
capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient
capital, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods
indicated:
                                                                   
                    Years Ended                                    
                       December                                    
                            31,                                    
                           2023                                    
                            (in                                    
                     thousands)             2022             2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net cash                                                         
  provided by    $    1,061,510    $     412,773    $     361,851  
  operating                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Net cash                                                         
  used in        $      -77,829    $  -1,371,468    $  -1,214,930  
  investing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Net cash                                                         
  (used in)                                                        
  provided by    $   -1,562,791    $    -526,848    $   3,109,546  
  financing                                                        
  activities                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Operating Activities                                             
                                                                   
Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,061.5 million for
2023, primarily consisting of $356.7 million of net income,
adjusted for certain non-cash items, which included $489.0 million
of amortization, depreciation and write-offs, $363.1
                                54                                 
Table of Contents

million of stock-based compensation expense, $28.0 million of
impairment of non-marketable equity securities, $17.8 million of
change in operating right of use asset, and $9.4 million of
amortization of debt issuance costs and discount partially offset
by a net increase in the operating assets and liabilities of $208.7
million. The net increase in the operating assets and liabilities
was primarily driven by an increase in accounts receivable and
other assets, and a decrease in operating lease liabilities,
partially offset by higher accounts payable, deferred revenue, and
accrued and other liabilities.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $412.8 million for
2022, primarily consisting of $192.9 million of net loss, adjusted
for certain non-cash items, which included $547.1 million of
amortization, depreciation and write-offs, $191.6 million of stock-
based compensation expense, $127.9 million of impairment charges
and losses on disposal of assets, $17.1 million of change in
operating right of use asset, and $12.7 million of amortization of
debt issuance costs and discount partially offset by a net increase
in the operating assets and liabilities of $292.4 million. The net
increase in the operating assets and liabilities was primarily
driven by an increase in accounts receivable and other assets, and
a decrease in operating lease liabilities, deferred revenue and
accrued and other liabilities, partially offset by higher accounts
payable.
                                                                   
  Investing Activities                                             
                                                                   
Net cash used in investing activities was $77.8 million for 2023,
primarily consisting of $63.9 million related to acquisitions,
$17.9 million in purchases of non-marketable investments and 4.2
million in purchase of property and equipment, partially offset by
$8.3 million in proceeds from sale of long-lived assets.

Net cash used in investing activities was $1.4 billion for 2022,
primarily consisting of $1.3 billion related to acquisitions, $66.3
million in purchases of non-marketable investments and other,
partially offset by $37.0 million in proceeds from sale of long-
lived assets.
                                                                   
  Financing Activities                                             
                                                                   
Net cash used in financing activities was $1.6 billion for 2023,
primarily consisting of $1.2 billion of common stock repurchases,
payments for withholding taxes related to net share settlement of
restricted stock units of $246.4 million, payments for the
principal repayment of debt of $498.0 million net of $395.3 million
proceeds from issuance of debt, deferred acquisition costs of $33.9
million, licensed asset obligation payments of $27.1 million, and
principal payments for finance leases of $20.2 million, partially
offset by $20.9 million in proceeds from exercise of stock awards.

Net cash used in financing activities was $526.8 million for 2022,
primarily consisting of $338.9 million of common stock repurchases,
deferred acquisition costs of $124.2 million, payments for
withholding taxes related to net share settlement of restricted
stock units of $27.5 million, payments for the principal repayment
of debt of $25.8 million, and payments for finance leases of $24.1
million, partially offset by $25.5 million in proceeds from
exercise of stock awards.
                                                                   
  Credit Agreement                                                 
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2023, our total outstanding indebtedness under
the Amended Credit Agreement with the lenders party thereto and
Bank of America, N.A. serving as the administrative agent consisted
of two term loans, with each having an outstanding balance of $1.5
billion, with $30.0 million due within twelve months, which
excludes interest payments which vary based on the fluctuations in
the interest rate index. Additionally, the Amended Credit Agreement
provides a Revolving Credit Facility with a maximum commitment of
$610.0 million. During the third quarter of 2023, we drew down
$185.0 million from the Revolving Credit Facility, with a remaining
unused commitment of $418.7 million as of December 31, 2023, which
is net of outstanding letters of credit of $6.3 million. For
additional information on the Credit Agreement, see Note 9 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  Contractual Obligations                                          
                                                                   
Our material cash requirements include the following contractual
obligations.

Operating Leases

As of December 31, 2023, we have non-cancellable commitments for
primarily real estate leases with fixed lease payment obligations
of $62.3 million, with $16.0 million payable within twelve months.
For additional information, see Note 8 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

Finance Leases

As of December 31, 2023, we have non-cancelable payments related to
finance leases of certain networking equipment of $192.2 million,
with $27.5 million payable within twelve months. For additional
information, see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

License Asset Obligation

As of December 31, 2023, we have an obligation related to certain
intellectual property that we licensed from a third party of $14.2
million, which is expected to be paid within twelve months.

Non-cancelable purchase obligations

As of December 31, 2023, we have non-cancellable purchase
obligations, which primarily consist of a certain arrangement
related to cloud platform services, of $252.0 million, with $160.2
million payable within twelve months.
                                55                                 
Table of Contents

Investment Commitments

During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we invested or
committed to invest in certain private equity funds. As of December
31, 2023 these unfunded commitments were $41.2 million, which may
be called from time to time by the funds.

Contingent Consideration

Several of the definitive agreements governing our acquisitions of
our owned studios and arrangements with our partner studios provide
for payment contingent upon future performance metrics. These
contingent consideration arrangements include payouts based on a
percentage of profitability metrics or the achievement of certain
revenue targets, and some of these arrangements do not have a
maximum limit of contingent consideration achievable. Because these
contingent consideration arrangements are based on the success of
relevant Apps and are not guaranteed, we do not expect our results
of operations would be materially and adversely effected by the
payment of amounts under any such arrangement. The table below
presents a summary of the outstanding contingent consideration
arrangements:
                                                                   
  Relevant Transaction             Contingent Consideration        
                                   Summary                         
                                   Future one-time earn-out        
                                   payments, based on a service    
                                   agreement, of either $60.0      
                                   million or $30.0 million per    
                                   game depending on the nature    
                                   of the new game App developed,  
                                   subject to the achievement of   
  Recoded asset acquisition        a certain monthly revenue       
  (January 2019)                   milestone in the initial        
                                   thirty-six months following     
                                   the launch of a new game App.   
                                   The term of the service         
                                   agreement is initially three    
                                   years, after which time the     
                                   agreement is terminable by      
                                   either party upon thirty days’  
                                   written notice.                 
                                   Future earn-out payments for    
                                   each of the four years from     
                                   the date of the transaction     
                                   based on (i)(a) the revenue     
  Athena acquisition               generated by the initially      
  (November 2020)                  acquired game Apps in each      
                                   such year in excess of (b) a    
                                   certain revenue threshold,      
                                   multiplied by (ii) a            
                                   predetermined revenue           
                                   multiple.                       
                                   As amended in 2023, future      
                                   earn-out payments are based on  
                                   a percentage of a certain       
                                   operating profit generated by   
                                   the acquired mobile Apps for    
  Asset acquisition                each of the four years          
  (April 2021)                     following the amendment, with   
                                   additional earn-out payments    
                                   contingent on the achievement   
                                   of certain revenue targets for  
                                   each of the two years           
                                   following the amendment.        
                                   As amended in 2022, future      
                                   earn-out payments are based on  
  Asset acquisition                a percentage of the earnings    
  (April 2021)                     before interest, taxes,         
                                   depreciation and amortization   
                                   ("EBITDA") generated by the     
                                   acquired mobile Apps.           
                                                                   
For acquisitions of studios we own that are accounted for as
business combinations, contingent consideration is initially
recognized at fair value. For our other transactions, we generally
recognize contingent consideration only on the date when the
related performance metrics are achieved. For additional
information, see Notes 2 and 6 to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

As of December 31, 2023, we had recorded liabilities of $35.9
million related to uncertain tax positions. Due to uncertainties in
the timing of potential tax audits, the timing of the resolution of
these positions is uncertain and we are unable to make a reasonable
estimate of the timing of payments in individual years particularly
beyond 12 months. As a result, this amount is not included in the
table above.
                                                                   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates                       
                                                                   
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires
us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as
well as the reported revenue generated and expenses incurred during
the reporting periods. We base our estimates on assumptions, both
historical and forward-looking, that are believed to be reasonable.
On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions.
These estimates are inherently subject to judgment and actual
results could differ materially from those estimates.

We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect
the more significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in
the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. For
additional information, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers                            
                                                                   
We generate Software Platform and Apps revenue. Software Platform
revenue is generated primarily from fees collected from advertisers
including advertising networks who use our Software Platform. Apps
revenue consists of in-app purchase ("IAP") revenue generated from
in-app purchases made by users within our apps (“Apps”), and in-app
advertising ("IAA") revenue generated from third-party advertisers
that purchase ad inventory from Apps.
                                56                                 
Table of Contents

Software Platform Revenue

The vast majority of the Software Platform Revenue is generated
through AppDiscovery and MAX, which provide the technology to match
advertisers and owners of digital advertising inventory
(“Publishers”) via auctions at large scale and microsecond-level
speeds. The terms for all mobile advertising arrangements are
governed by our terms and conditions and generally stipulate
payment terms of 30 days subsequent to the end of the month.
Substantially all of our contracts with customers are fully
cancellable at any time or upon a short notice.

Our performance obligation is to provide customers with access to
the Software Platform, which facilitates the advertiser’s purchase
of ad inventory from Publishers. We do not control the ad inventory
prior to its transfer to the advertiser, because we do not have the
substantive ability to direct the use of nor obtain substantially
all of the remaining benefits from the ad inventory. We are not
primarily responsible for fulfillment and does not have any
inventory risk. We are an agent as it relates to the sale of third-
party advertising inventory and presents revenue on a net basis.
The transaction price is the product of either the number of
completions of agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed and
the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the
advertiser less consideration paid or payable to Publishers. We
recognize Software Platform Revenue when the agreed upon action is
completed or when the ad is displayed to users. The number of
advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is
determined at the end of each month, which resolves any uncertainty
in the transaction price during the reporting period.

Software Platform Revenue also includes revenue generated from
Adjust's measurement and analytics marketing platform that is
recognized ratably over the subscription period of generally up to
twelve months.
Apps Revenue
In-App Purchase Revenue

IAP Revenue includes fees collected from users to purchase virtual
goods to enhance their gameplay experience. The identified
performance obligation is to provide users with the ability to
acquire, use, and hold virtual items over the estimated period of
time the virtual items are available to the user or until the
virtual item is consumed. Payment is required at the time of
purchase, and the purchase price is a fixed amount.

Users make IAPs through our distribution partners. The transaction
price is equal to the gross amount charged to users because we are
the principal in the transaction. IAP fees are non-refundable. Such
payments are initially recorded as deferred revenue. We categorize
virtual goods as either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual
goods represent goods that can be consumed by a specific player
action in gameplay; accordingly, we recognize revenue from the sale
of consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed. Durable
virtual goods represent goods that are accessible to the user over
an extended period of time; accordingly, we recognize revenue from
the sale of durable virtual goods ratably over the period of time
the goods are available to the user, which is generally the
estimated average user life (“EAUL”).

The EAUL represents our best estimate of the expected life of
paying users for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when a user
makes the first purchase of durable virtual goods and ends when a
user is determined to be inactive. We determine the EAUL on a game-
by-game basis. For a newly launched game with limited playing data,
we determine the EAUL based on the EAUL of a game with sufficiently
similar characteristics.

We determine the EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such
calculated EAUL to all bookings in the respective quarter.
Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires management’s
judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical
playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future.
The EAULs are generally between 5 and 10 months.

In-App Advertising Revenue

IAA Revenue is generated by selling ad inventory on our Apps to
third-party advertisers. Advertisers purchase ad inventory either
through the Software Platform or through third-party advertising
networks (“Ad Networks”). Revenue from the sale of ad inventory
through Ad Networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by Ad
Networks as we are unable to determine the gross amount paid by the
advertisers to Ad Networks. We recognize revenue when the ad is
displayed to users.
                                                                   
  Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations                     
                                                                   
We perform an initial test to determine whether substantially all
of the fair value of the gross assets transferred are concentrated
in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable
assets, such that the acquisition would not represent a business.
If that test suggests that the set of assets and activities is a
business, we then perform a second test to evaluate whether the
assets and activities transferred include inputs and substantive
processes that together, significantly contribute to the ability to
create outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of
the second test suggests that the acquired assets and activities
constitute a business, we account for the transaction as a business
combination.
                                57                                 
Table of Contents

For transactions accounted for as business combinations, we
allocate the fair value of acquisition consideration to the
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their
estimated fair values. Acquisition consideration includes the fair
value of any promised contingent consideration. The excess of the
fair value of acquisition consideration over the fair values of
acquired identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as
goodwill. Contingent consideration is remeasured to its fair value
each reporting period with changes in the fair value of contingent
consideration recorded in general and administrative expenses. Such
valuations require management to make significant estimates and
assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets.
Significant estimates and assumptions in valuing certain
identifiable intangible assets include, but are not limited to,
forecasted revenue and discount rates. Management’s estimates of
fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable,
but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a
result, actual results may differ from estimates. In certain
circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase price are
based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to
revision when we receive final information, including appraisals
and other analyses. During the measurement period, which is one
year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the
assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding
offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period,
any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-
related costs are expensed as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost,
including certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets
acquired on the basis of relative fair values. We generally include
contingent consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only
when the uncertainty is resolved. We amortize contingent
consideration adjustments to the cost of the acquired assets
prospectively using the straight-line method over the remaining
useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset
acquisitions.
                                                                   
  Services and Development Agreements                              
                                                                   
We enter into strategic agreements with third-party mobile game
studios. We have historically allowed these studios to continue
their operations with a significant degree of autonomy. In some
cases, we bought Apps from these studios and entered into service
and development agreements whereby these studios provide support in
improving existing Apps and developing new Apps. The substantial
majority of payments associated with service agreements for
existing Apps are expensed to research and development when the
services are rendered as the payments primarily relate to
developing enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps
associated with development agreements are generally made in
connection with the development of a particular App, and therefore,
we are subject to development risk prior to the release of the App.
Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of an App
are generally expensed to research and development over the
development period as the services are incurred. Payments due after
completion of an App are generally capitalized and expensed as cost
of revenue. For additional information, see Note 6 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  Software Development Costs                                       
                                                                   
We incur development costs related to internal-use software and
Apps. Development costs meet the criteria for capitalization once
the preliminary project stage is complete and it is probable that
the project will be completed and the software will be used to
perform the function intended. S oftware development costs that
meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the
periods presented.
                                                                   
  Goodwill                                                         
                                                                   
We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an
annual basis during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if
events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be
impaired. Triggering events that may indicate impairment include,
but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in customer
demand or business climate that could affect the value of goodwill
or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. A qualitative
assessment is performed to determine whether it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
carrying value. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative
assessment, we compare the carrying value of the reporting unit,
including goodwill, to its fair value. A goodwill impairment loss
is recognized for the amount that the carrying value of the
reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, limited
to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
As of December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, no impairment of goodwill
has been identified.
                                                                   
  Intangible Assets                                                
                                                                   
Intangible assets consist primarily of Apps, user base, developed
technology, customer relationships and certain intellectual
property licenses resulting from acquisitions. Intangible assets
are amortized over the period of estimated benefit using the
straight-line method. Our estimates of useful lives of intangible
assets are based on cash flow forecasts which incorporate various
assumptions, including forecasted user acquisition costs, user
attrition rates and level of user engagement.
                                                                   
  Impairment of Long-Lived Assets                                  
                                                                   
We review long-lived assets that are held and used for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. If such
indicators are present, we assess the recoverability of the asset
or asset group by comparing its carrying value to the undiscounted
future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset
group. If the future undiscounted cash flows are less than the
carrying value of the asset or asset group, an impairment charge is
recognized in the consolidated statements of operations by the
amount by which the carrying value of the asset or asset group,
exceeds its estimated fair value. There were no material impairment
charges related to long-lived assets that are held and used for the
years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
                                58                                 
Table of Contents

We classify an asset as held for sale when management commits to a
formal plan to actively market the asset for sale at a price
reasonable in relation to fair value, the asset is available for
immediate sale in its present condition, an active program to
locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the sale have
been initiated, the sale of the asset and the transfer is expected
to be completed within one year and it is unlikely that significant
changes will be made to the plan. Upon classification as held for
sale, we recognize the asset at the lower of its carrying value or
its estimated fair value, less costs to sell. In addition, we cease
to record depreciation or amortization for assets that are
classified as held for sale. During the year ended December 31,
2022, we classified certain assets within the Apps reportable
segment as held for sale and recognized a total impairment charge
of $53.0 million, representing t he excess of the assets' carrying
value over their estimated fair value, less cost to sell, in cost
of revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. As of
December 31, 2022, the carrying value of assets held for sale was
not material. No assets were classified as held for sale in 2023 or
2021.
                                                                   
  Stock-Based Compensation                                         
                                                                   
We account for stock-based compensation based on the fair value of
stock-based awards as of the grant date. We recognize the fair
value as stock-based compensation expense following the straight-
line attribution method over the requisite service period for
restricted stock units ("RSUs") and stock options, and over the
offering period for purchase rights issued under the Employee Stock
Purchase Plan ("ESPP"). Stock-based compensation expense for
performance-based RSUs (“PSUs”) with a market condition is
recognized ratably on a tranche-by-tranche basis using the
accelerated attribution method over the respective derived service
period, unless the market condition is satisfied earlier. We
account for forfeitures for all awards as they occur.

The fair value of RSUs is estimated on the date of grant based on
the closing price of the Company's publicly traded Class A common
stock on the date of grant.

We determine the fair value of PSUs with market conditions using
the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model. This requires the input
of assumptions, including the expected stock volatility, the risk-
free interest rate, the expected dividend yield and the discount
for post-vesting restrictions, as applicable.

We determines the fair value of stock options and purchase rights
under the ESPP using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This
requires the input of assumptions, including the expected term, the
expected stock volatility, the risk-free interest rate, and the
expected dividend yield.

For awards that are liability classified, we update the grant date
fair value at each reporting period. Liability-classified awards
are reclassified to equity upon settlement in shares of the
Company’s common stock.
                                                                   
  Income Taxes                                                     
                                                                   
We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method,
which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
have been included in the financial statements. Under this method,
we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of
the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the
year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect
of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date.

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, we consider all available positive and negative
evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning
strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine that
we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in
excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred
tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision
for income taxes.

We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (i) whether it is more
likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the
basis of the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those
tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a
tax authority.

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on the income tax expense line in our consolidated
statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are
included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated
balance sheet.
                                                                   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements                                 
                                                                   
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently adopted
accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting
pronouncements not yet adopted as of the dates of the statement of
financial position included in this Annual Report on 10-K.
                                59                                 
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About        │
│  Market Risk                                                    │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our
business, which primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates
and foreign exchange.

Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk

As of December 31, 2023, we had unrestricted cash and cash
equivalents of $502.2 million. A hypothetical 100 basis point
increase in interest rates would not have a material impact on our
financial condition or results of operations due to the short-term
nature of our cash equivalents.

As of December 31, 2023, we had a total outstanding debt of $3.2
billion, consisting of two term loans and a revolving credit loan.
Both the term loans and the revolving credit loan carry a floating
rate and are recorded at amortized cost. Therefore, fluctuations in
interest rates will impact our consolidated financial statements. A
hypothetical 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates
would increase or decrease the amount of interest paid in 2023 by
approximately $32.0 million. We historically entered, and in the
future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate
risk on a portion, or all of our outstanding debt.

We cannot predict market fluctuations in interest rates and their
impact on our debt, nor can there be any assurance that long-term
fixed-rate debt will be available at favorable rates, if at all.
Consequently, future results may differ materially from estimated
results due to adverse changes in interest rates.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Translation Exposure

We are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we
translate the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into
U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign
currency exchange rates, the translating adjustments resulting from
the conversion of our foreign subsidiaries’ financial statements
into U.S. dollars would result in a gain or loss recorded as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which
is part of stockholders’ equity (deficit).
                                60                                 
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data            │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                   
                       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
            INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS             
                                                                   
                                                            
                                                      Page  
  Reports of Independent Registered Public              62  
  Accounting Firm(PCAOB ID No.34)                           
  Consolidated Balance Sheets                           65  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations                 66  
  Consolidated Statements of ComprehensiveIncome        67  
  (Loss)                                                    
  Consolidated Statements of Redeemable                     
  Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders’ Equity      68  
  (Deficit)                                                 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                 71  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements            73  
                                                            
                                61                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM      
                                                                   
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin
Corporation
                                                                   
  Opinion on the Financial Statements                              
                                                                   
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
AppLovin Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive income (loss), redeemable noncontrolling
interest and stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows, for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial
statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
dated February 26, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on the
Company's internal control over financial reporting.
                                                                   
  Basis for Opinion                                                
                                                                   
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
                                                                   
  Critical Audit Matter                                            
                                                                   
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising
from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates.

Performance-based Restricted Stock Units - Refer to Note 11 to the
financial statements
                                                                   
  Critical Audit Matter Description                                
                                                                   
In March 2023, the Company granted performance-based restricted
stock units (“PSUs”) which are eligible to vest based on the
achievement of certain stock price targets and the satisfaction of
service conditions. The grant date fair value of the PSUs is $124.3
million.

A Monte Carlo simulation was utilized to determine the grant date
fair value. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilized the stock
price of the Company at the beginning of the grant date, the
expected price volatility of the Company, expected term, risk-free
rate, and dividend yield to calculate the grant date fair value.
The assumptions used in the Monte Carlo simulation model had a
significant effect on the grant date fair value of the PSUs.

Given the level of judgement involved by management, which included
the use of a specialist to determine the grant date fair value of
the PSUs, our audit procedures required a high degree of auditor
judgement and increased extent of effort, including the need to
involve our fair value specialists.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures related to the valuation of the PSUs included
the following, among others:
                                62                                 
Table of Contents

• We tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company’s
internal controls over the determination of the grant date fair
value of the PSUs.

• We inquired of management the key valuation assumptions and the
Monte Carlo simulation model methodology used in the determination
of the grant date fair value of the PSUs.

• We performed risk assessment procedures over the grant date fair
value to understand their overall sensitivity.

• We tested the accuracy of the data used in measuring the awards
by agreeing the underlying inputs, such as the grant date,
performance period, and the stock price, among others, back to
source documents, such as compensation committee minutes or the PSU
agreements.

• We evaluated the qualifications of the Company's specialists by
assessing their certifications and determining whether they meet
the qualifications necessary to perform independent PSU valuations.

• With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated
management’s valuation of the PSUs by:

◦ Evaluating the Monte Carlo simulation model methodology and the
reasonableness of the valuation assumptions, including the stock
price of the Company at the beginning of the grant date, the
expected price volatility of the Company, expected term, risk-free
rate, and dividend yield.

◦ Independently developing the Monte Carlo simulation model and
independently calculating valuation inputs.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California

February 26, 2024
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014.
                                63                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM      
                                                                   
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin
Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of
AppLovin Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of
December 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our
opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control —
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated February 26,
2024, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial
statements.
                                                                   
  Basis for Opinion                                                
                                                                   
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial
Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
San Jose, California

February 26, 2024
                                64                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
                    Consolidated Balance Sheets                    
                                                                   
          (In thousands, except share and per share data)          
                                                                   
                                  December 31,       December 31,  
                                          2023               2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                           
  Current assets:                                                  
  Cash and cash equivalents    $       502,152    $     1,080,484  
  Accounts receivable, net             953,810            702,814  
  Prepaid expenses and                                             
  other current                        160,201            155,785  
  assets                                                           
  Total current assets               1,616,163          1,939,083  
  Property and equipment,              173,331             78,543  
  net                                                              
  Operating lease                       48,210             60,379  
  right-of-use assets                                              
  Goodwill                           1,842,850          1,823,755  
  Intangible assets, net             1,292,635          1,677,660  
  Other assets                         385,998            268,426  
  Total assets                 $     5,359,187    $     5,847,846  
  Liabilities, redeemable                                          
  noncontrolling                                                   
  interest, and                                                    
  stockholders’ equity                                             
  Current liabilities:                                             
  Accounts payable             $       371,702    $       273,196  
  Accrued and other current            252,202            147,801  
  liabilities                                                      
  Licensed asset obligation             13,054             15,254  
  Short-term debt                      215,000             33,310  
  Deferred revenue                      78,559             64,018  
  Operating lease                       13,605             14,334  
  liabilities                                                      
  Deferred acquisition                       —             31,045  
  costs, current                                                   
  Total current liabilities            944,122            578,958  
  Non-current liabilities:                                         
  Long-term debt                     2,905,906          3,178,412  
  Operating lease                       42,905             54,153  
  liabilities, non-current                                         
  Licensed asset                             —             26,970  
  obligation, non-current                                          
  Other non-current                    209,925            106,676  
  liabilities                                                      
  Total liabilities                  4,102,858          3,945,169  
  Commitments and                                                  
  contingencies (Note 5)                                           
  Redeemable noncontrolling                  —                  —  
  interest                                                         
  Stockholders’ equity:                                            
  Preferred stock,                                                 
  $0.00003par                                                      
  value—100,000,000shares                                          
  authorized,noshares                        —                  —  
  issued and                                                       
  outstanding as of                                                
  December 31, 2023 and                                            
  2022                                                             
  Class A, Class B and                                             
  Class F common                                                   
  stock, $0.00003par                                               
  value—1,700,000,000(Class                                        
  A1,500,000,000, Class                                            
  B200,000,000,                                                    
  Class Fnil)                                                      
  and1,700,000,000(Class                                           
  A1,500,000,000, Class                                            
  B200,000,000,                                                    
  Class Fnil) shares                                               
  authorized,339,886,712(C…                 11                 11  
  A268,774,090, Class                                              
  B71,112,622, Class                                               
  Fnil)                                                            
  and373,873,683(Class                                             
  A302,711,061,                                                    
  Class B71,162,622, Class                                         
  Fnil) shares                                                     
  issued and outstanding as                                        
  of December                                                      
  31, 2023 and 2022,                                               
  respectively                                                     
  Additional paid-in                 2,134,581          3,155,748  
  capital                                                          
  Accumulated other                    -65,274            -83,382  
  comprehensive loss                                               
  Accumulated deficit                 -812,989         -1,169,700  
  Total stockholders’                1,256,329          1,902,677  
  equity                                                           
  Total liabilities,                                               
  redeemable                                                       
  noncontrolling interest,     $     5,359,187    $     5,847,846  
  and                                                              
  stockholders’ equity                                             
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                65                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
               Consolidated Statements of Operations               
                                                                   
          (In thousands, except share and per share data)          
                                                                   
                   Years ended                                     
                      December                                     
                           31,                                     
                          2023              2022             2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue       $    3,283,087    $    2,817,058    $   2,793,104  
  Costs and                                                        
  expenses:                                                        
  Cost of            1,059,191         1,256,065          988,095  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and            830,718           919,550        1,129,892  
  marketing                                                        
  Research                                                         
  and                  592,386           507,607          366,402  
  developme…                                                       
  General                                                          
  and                  152,585           181,627          158,699  
  administr…                                                       
  Total                                                            
  costs and          2,634,880         2,864,849        2,643,088  
  expenses                                                         
  Income                                                           
  (loss)               648,207           -47,791          150,016  
  from                                                             
  operations                                                       
  Other                                                            
  income                                                           
  (expense):                                                       
  Interest                                                         
  expense                                                          
  and loss            -275,665          -171,863         -103,170  
  on                                                               
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other                                                            
  Income                 8,028            14,477             -535  
  (expense),                                                       
  net                                                              
  Total                                                            
  other               -267,637          -157,386         -103,705  
  expense,                                                         
  net                                                              
  Income                                                           
  (loss)                                                           
  before               380,570          -205,177           46,311  
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Provision                                                        
  for                                                              
  (benefit              23,859           -12,230           10,973  
  from)                                                            
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Net income           356,711          -192,947           35,338  
  (loss)                                                           
  Less: Net                                                        
  loss                                                             
  attributa…                 —              -201             -108  
  to                                                               
  noncontro…                                                       
  interest                                                         
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…    $      356,711    $     -192,746    $      35,446  
  to                                                               
  AppLovin                                                         
  Less: Net                                                        
  income                                                           
  attributa…             1,769                 —            3,743  
  to                                                               
  participa…                                                       
  securities                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…    $      354,942    $     -192,746    $      31,703  
  to common                                                        
  stock—Bas…                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…    $      354,993    $     -192,746           31,879  
  to common                                                        
  stock—Dil…                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share                                                            
  attributa…                                                       
  to Class A                                                       
  and Class                                                        
  B common                                                         
  stockhold…                                                       
  Basic         $         1.01    $        -0.52    $        0.10  
  Diluted       $         0.98    $        -0.52    $        0.09  
  Weighted                                                         
  average                                                          
  common                                                           
  shares                                                           
  used to                                                          
  compute                                                          
  net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share                                                            
  attributa…                                                       
  to Class A                                                       
  and Class                                                        
  B                                                                
  common                                                           
  stockhold…                                                       
  Basic            351,952,187       371,568,011       324,836,0…  
  Diluted          362,589,246       371,568,011       342,763,6…  
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                66                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
      Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)       
                                                                   
                          (In thousands)                           
                                                                   
                         Years ended                               
                        December 31,                               
                                2023           2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income       $         356,711    $  -192,947    $   35,338  
  (loss)                                                           
  Other                                                            
  comprehensive                                                    
  income                                                           
  (loss):                                                          
  Foreign                                                          
  currency                                                         
  translation                 18,108        -37,928    $  -46,058  
  adjustment,                                                      
  net of tax                                                       
  Total other                                                      
  comprehensive                                                    
  income                      18,108        -37,928    $  -46,058  
  (loss),                                                          
  net of tax                                                       
  Comprehensive                                                    
  income (loss)                                                    
  including                  374,819       -230,875    $  -10,720  
  noncontrolli…                                                    
  interest                                                         
  Less:                                                            
  Comprehensive                                                    
  loss                                                             
  attributable                     —           -201    $     -108  
  to                                                               
  noncontrolli…                                                    
  interest                                                         
  Comprehensive                                                    
  income (loss)    $         374,819    $  -230,674    $  -10,612  
  attributable                                                     
  to AppLovin                                                      
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                67                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and 
                  Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                   
                                                                   
                 (In thousands, except share data)                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                68                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and 
                  Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                   
                                                                   
                 (In thousands, except share data)                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                69                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and 
                  Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                   
                                                                   
                 (In thousands, except share data)                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                70                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows               
                                                                   
                          (In thousands)                           
                                                                   
                    Years Ended                                    
                       December                                    
  Operating                 31,                                    
  Activities               2023             2022             2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income     $      356,711    $    -192,947    $      35,338  
  (loss)                                                           
  Adjustments                                                      
  to                                                               
  reconcile                                                        
  net income                                                       
  (loss) to                                                        
  operating                                                        
  activities:                                                      
  Amortizati…                                                      
  depreciati…           489,008          547,084          431,063  
  and                                                              
  write-offs                                                       
  Stock-based           363,107          191,612          133,177  
  compensati…                                                      
  Impairment                                                       
  of                     27,953                —                —  
  investments                                                      
  Change in                                                        
  operating              17,842           17,107           26,313  
  right-of-u…                                                      
  asset                                                            
  Amortizati…                                                      
  of debt                                                          
  issuance                9,363           12,678           12,825  
  costs and                                                        
  discount                                                         
  Impairment                                                       
  and loss in                                                      
  connection                                                       
  with                        —          127,892                —  
  sale of                                                          
  long-lived                                                       
  assets                                                           
  Other                   6,200            1,786            7,431  
  Changes in                                                       
  operating                                                        
  assets and                                                       
  liabilitie…                                                      
  Accounts             -261,279         -174,829         -201,948  
  receivable                                                       
  Prepaid                                                          
  expenses                                                         
  and other             -12,280           -3,725          -97,324  
  current                                                          
  assets                                                           
  Other                -121,688          -77,343          -45,938  
  assets                                                           
  Accounts               98,574            3,479           98,612  
  payable                                                          
  Operating                                                        
  lease                 -18,612          -18,898          -26,854  
  liabilities                                                      
  Accrued and                                                      
  other                  92,754           -6,412            3,063  
  liabilities                                                      
  Deferred               13,857          -14,711          -13,907  
  revenue                                                          
  Net cash                                                         
  provided by         1,061,510          412,773          361,851  
  operating                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Investing                                                        
  Activities                                                       
  Acquisitio…                                                      
  of                                                               
  businesses            -63,899       -1,345,776       -1,210,549  
  and                                                              
  intangible                                                       
  assets                                                           
  Purchase of                                                      
  investments           -17,934          -66,342          -15,000  
  and other                                                        
  Purchase of                                                      
  property               -4,246             -662           -1,390  
  and                                                              
  equipment                                                        
  Proceeds                                                         
  from sale               8,250           41,312           12,009  
  of assets                                                        
  and other                                                        
  Net cash                                                         
  used in               -77,829       -1,371,468       -1,214,930  
  investing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Financing                                                        
  Activities                                                       
  Repurchases                                                      
  of common          -1,153,593         -338,880                —  
  stock                                                            
  Principal                                                        
  repayments           -497,994          -25,810         -719,810  
  of debt                                                          
  Payments of                                                      
  withholding                                                      
  taxes                -246,435          -27,535                —  
  related to                                                       
  net share                                                        
  settlement                                                       
  Payments of                                                      
  deferred              -33,903         -124,184         -234,068  
  acquisition                                                      
  costs                                                            
  Payments of                                                      
  licensed              -27,110          -17,374          -17,970  
  asset                                                            
  obligation                                                       
  Principal                                                        
  payments of           -20,170          -24,083          -15,271  
  finance                                                          
  leases                                                           
  Payments of                                                      
  debt                   -4,655                —          -14,941  
  issuance                                                         
  cost                                                             
  Proceeds                                                         
  from debt             395,281                —        2,344,000  
  issuance                                                         
  Proceeds                                                         
  from                                                             
  exercise of            20,932           25,487           31,156  
  stock                                                            
  options                                                          
  Proceeds                                                         
  from the                                                         
  issuance of                                                      
  common                  4,856            5,531            2,877  
  stock                                                            
  through                                                          
  ESPP                                                             
  Proceeds                                                         
  from                                                             
  issuance of                                                      
  common                                                           
  stock                                                            
  in initial                                                       
  public                      —                —        1,745,228  
  offering,                                                        
  net of                                                           
  issuance                                                         
  costs as                                                         
  adjusted                                                         
  for cost                                                         
  reimbursem…                                                      
  Payments of                                                      
  related                     —                —          -11,655  
  party notes                                                      
  Net cash                                                         
  provided by                                                      
  (used in)          -1,562,791         -526,848        3,109,546  
  financing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Effect of                                                        
  foreign                                                          
  exchange                                                         
  rate on                                                          
  cash,                                                            
  cash                      778           -4,477           -3,198  
  equivalents                                                      
  and                                                              
  restricted                                                       
  cash                                                             
  equivalents                                                      
  Net                                                              
  (decrease)                                                       
  increase in                                                      
  cash, cash                                                       
  equivalents          -578,332       -1,490,020        2,253,269  
  and                                                              
  restricted                                                       
  cash                                                             
  equivalents                                                      
  Cash, cash                                                       
  equivalents                                                      
  and                                                              
  restricted                                                       
  cash                1,080,484        2,570,504          317,235  
  equivalents                                                      
  at                                                               
  beginning                                                        
  of the                                                           
  period                                                           
  Cash, cash                                                       
  equivalents                                                      
  and                                                              
  restricted     $      502,152    $   1,080,484    $   2,570,504  
  cash                                                             
  equivalents                                                      
  at end of                                                        
  the period                                                       
                                                                   
    See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    
                                                                   
                                71                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                
                                                                   
                          (In thousands)                           
                                                                   
  Supplemental                                                     
  non-cash                                                         
  investing and                                                    
  financing               Years Ended                              
  activities             December 31,                              
  disclosures:                   2023          2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Right-of-use                                                     
  assets                                                           
  acquired         $          113,440    $   46,108    $   20,497  
  under                                                            
  finance                                                          
  leases                                                           
  Right-of-use                                                     
  assets                                                           
  acquired         $            6,471    $    7,105    $    6,130  
  under                                                            
  operating                                                        
  leases                                                           
  Conversion of                                                    
  convertible                                                      
  securities to    $                —    $        —    $  392,170  
  Class A                                                          
  common stock                                                     
  Issuance of                                                      
  convertible                                                      
  securities       $                —    $        —    $  342,170  
  related to                                                       
  acquisitions                                                     
  Issuance of                                                      
  common stock                                                     
  and common                                                       
  stock            $                —    $  137,422    $        —  
  warrants in                                                      
  connection                                                       
  with                                                             
  acquisitions                                                     
  Acquisitions     $                —    $   31,045    $   79,095  
  not yet paid                                                     
  Assets                                                           
  acquired not     $                —    $   33,566    $   25,640  
  yet paid                                                         
  Proceeds from                                                    
  sale of                                                          
  long-lived       $                —    $    7,000    $        —  
  assets                                                           
  not yet                                                          
  received                                                         
  Settlement of                                                    
  bonus                                                            
  compensation     $                —    $        —    $    2,503  
  through                                                          
  issuance of                                                      
  common stock                                                     
  Accretion of                                                     
  interest on                                                      
  related party    $                —    $        —    $      595  
  promissory                                                       
  notes                                                            
  Supplemental                                                     
  disclosure of                                                    
  cash flow                                                        
  information:                                                     
  Cash paid for                                                    
  income taxes,    $           75,433    $   86,264    $   90,616  
  net of                                                           
  refunds                                                          
  Cash paid for    $          248,828    $  165,959    $   76,695  
  interest                                                         
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                72                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  1.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Description of Business                                          
                                                                   
AppLovin Corporation (the “Company” or “AppLovin”) was incorporated
in the state of Delaware on July 18, 2011. The Company is a leader
in the advertising ecosystem providing an end-to-end software
platform that allows businesses to reach, monetize and grow their
global audiences. The Company also has a globally diversified
portfolio of apps—free-to-play mobile games that it operates
through its owned or partner studios.

The Company is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has
several operating locations in the U.S. as well as various
international office locations in North America, Asia, and Europe.
                                                                   
  2.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies                       
                                                                   
Principles of Consolidation — The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S
generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). Consolidated
financial statements include accounts and operations of the Company
and its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries, and the
ownership interest of minority investors is recorded as
noncontrolling interest. In accordance with the provisions of
Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 810, Consolidation , the
Company is also required to consolidate any variable interest
entities ("VIE") when it is the primary beneficiary. The primary
beneficiary has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE
that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and
the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially
be significant to the VIE, or the right to receive benefits from
the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The
Company evaluates its relationships with all VIEs on an ongoing
basis. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated upon consolidation.
Use of Estimates —The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and
disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. The Company bases its estimates on assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing
basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not
limited to, those related to fair values of assets and liabilities
acquired through acquisitions, useful lives of intangible assets
and property and equipment, expected period of consumption of
virtual goods, income and indirect taxes, contingent liabilities,
evaluation of recoverability of intangible assets and long-lived
assets, goodwill impairment, stock-based compensation, fair value
of derivatives and other financial instruments. These estimates are
inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ
materially from those estimates.
Risk and Uncertainties —The Company is subject to risks and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, as a result of the
political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world,
such as between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well
as, friction between the United States and China. As of the
issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the
Company’s results of operations have not been materially impacted.
However, the future impact of these events remains uncertain as the
response to and information related to these events is rapidly
evolving. A weakened global economy may negatively impact in-app
purchasing decisions and consumer buying decisions across the globe
generally, which could adversely affect advertiser activity. The
full impact of these events on the global economy and the extent to
which these events may impact the Company’s business, financial
condition, and results of operations in the future remains
uncertain. The severity of the impact of the political uncertainty
and international conflicts around the world on the Company’s
business will depend on a number of factors, including, but not
limited to, the duration and severity of these events and the
extent and severity of the impact on the Company’s customers, all
of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. The Company’s
future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely
impacted by delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts
beyond normal payment terms and uncertain demand.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers — The Company generates
Software Platform and Apps revenue. Software Platform revenue is
generated primarily from fees collected from advertisers including
advertising networks who use the Software Platform. Apps revenue
consists of in-app purchase ("IAP") revenue generated from in-app
purchases made by users within the Company’s apps (“Apps”), and in-
app advertising ("IAA") revenue generated from third-party
advertisers that purchase ad inventory from Apps.
Software Platform Revenue
The vast majority of the Software Platform Revenue is generated
through AppDiscovery and MAX, which provide the technology to match
advertisers and owners of digital advertising inventory
(“Publishers”) via auctions at large scale and microsecond-level
speeds. The terms for all mobile advertising arrangements are
governed by the Company’s terms and conditions and generally
stipulate payment terms of 30 days subsequent to the end of the
month. Substantially all of the Company's contracts with customers
are fully cancellable at any time or upon a short notice.
The Company’s performance obligation is to provide customers with
access to the Software Platform, which facilitates the advertiser’s
purchase of ad inventory from Publishers. The Company does not
control the ad inventory prior to its transfer to the advertiser,
because the Company does not have the substantive ability to direct
the use of nor obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits
from the ad inventory. The Company is not primarily responsible for
fulfillment. The Company is an agent as it relates to the sale of
third-party advertising inventory and presents revenue on a net
basis. The transaction price is the product of either the number of
completions of agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed and
the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the
advertiser less consideration paid or payable to Publishers. The
Company recognizes Software
                                73                                 
Table of Contents

Platform Revenue when the agreed upon action is completed or when
the ad is displayed to users. The number of advertisements
delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is determined at
the end of each month, which resolves any uncertainty in the
transaction price during the reporting period.

Software Platform Revenue also includes revenue generated from
Adjust's measurement and analytics marketing platform that is
recognized ratably over the subscription period of generally up to
twelve months. Revenue from other services under Software Platform
was not material.

Apps Revenue

In-App Purchase Revenue

IAP Revenue includes fees collected from users to purchase virtual
goods to enhance their gameplay experience. The identified
performance obligation is to provide users with the ability to
acquire, use, and hold virtual items over the estimated period of
time the virtual items are available to the user or until the
virtual item is consumed. Payment is required at the time of
purchase, and the purchase price is a fixed amount.

Users make IAPs through the Company’s distribution partners. The
transaction price is equal to the gross amount charged to users
because the Company is the principal in the transaction. IAP fees
are non-refundable. Such payments are initially recorded as
deferred revenue. The Company categorizes its virtual goods as
either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent
goods that can be consumed by a specific player action in gameplay;
accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of
consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed. Durable virtual
goods represent goods that are accessible to the user over an
extended period of time; accordingly, the Company recognizes
revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods ratably over the
period of time the goods are available to the user, which is
generally the estimated average user life (“EAUL”).

The EAUL represents the Company’s best estimate of the expected
life of paying users for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when
a user makes the first purchase of durable virtual goods and ends
when a user is determined to be inactive. The Company determines
the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For a newly launched game with
limited playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the
EAUL of a game with sufficiently similar characteristics.

The Company determines the EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies
such calculated EAUL to all bookings in the respective quarter.
Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires management’s
judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical
playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future.
The EAULs are generally between 5 and 10 months.

In-App Advertising Revenue

IAA Revenue is generated by selling ad inventory on the Company's
Apps to third-party advertisers. Advertisers purchase ad inventory
either through the Software Platform or through third-party
advertising networks (“Ad Networks”). Revenue from the sale of ad
inventory through Ad Networks is recognized net of the amounts
retained by Ad Networks as the Company is unable to determine the
gross amount paid by the advertisers to Ad Networks. The Company
recognizes revenue when the ad is displayed to users.

The Company presents taxes collected from customers and remitted to
governmental authorities on a net basis.

Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table presents revenue disaggregated by segment and
type (in thousands):
                                                                   
                       Year Ended                                  
                     December 31,                                  
                             2023            2022            2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Software                                                         
  Platform        $     1,841,762    $  1,049,167    $    673,952  
  Revenue                                                          
  In-App                                                           
  Purchases               989,007       1,179,133       1,458,595  
  Revenue                                                          
  In-App                                                           
  Advertising             452,318         588,758         660,557  
  Revenue                                                          
  Total Apps            1,441,325       1,767,891       2,119,152  
  Revenue                                                          
  Total           $     3,283,087    $  2,817,058    $  2,793,104  
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location,
consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                   
                       Year Ended                                  
                     December 31,                                  
                             2023            2022            2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United          $     1,970,856    $  1,728,958    $  1,687,080  
  States                                                           
  Rest of the           1,312,231       1,088,100       1,106,024  
  World                                                            
  Total           $     3,283,087    $  2,817,058    $  2,793,104  
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
                                74                                 
Table of Contents

Contract Balances

Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue, which are
recorded for payments received in advance of the satisfaction of
performance obligations. During the years ended December 31, 2023
and 2022, the Company recognized $ 63.6million and $ 78.6million of
revenue that was included in deferred revenue as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively.

Unsatisfied Performance Obligations

Substantially all of the Company’s unsatisfied performance
obligations relate to contracts with an original expected length of
one year or less.

Publisher Bonuses

In the first quarter of 2022, the Company paid or promised to pay a
total of $ 209.6million in bonuses to publishers consisting
primarily of non-recurring bonuses to migrate publishers to MAX,
the Company's own in-app mediation platform. The Company accounted
for such publisher bonuses as a reduction to revenue since the
publishers receiving such bonuses are also customers of the
Company.
Cash and Cash Equivalents —Cash and cash equivalents primarily
consist of cash on deposit with banks and investments in money
market funds with maturities of 90 or less from the date of
purchase.
Restricted Cash Equivalents —The Company classifies cash
equivalents that are legally or contractually restricted for
withdrawal or usage as restricted cash equivalents. Restricted cash
equivalents as of December 31, 2021 consisted of investments in
certain money market fund of funds held in an escrow account
related to the MoPub acquisition, which was closed in January 2022.
The Company had norestricted cash equivalents as of December 31,
2023 or 2022.
Non-Marketable Equity Investments —Non-marketable equity securities
are investments without readily determinable fair values that are
recorded using a measurement alternative measured at cost less any
impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from qualifying
observable price changes. An impairment loss is recorded when an
event or circumstance indicates a decline in value has occurred.
For certain of these securities, the Company has elected to apply
the net asset value (NAV) practical expedient. The NAV is the
estimated fair value of these investments. See Note 3, Fair Value
Measurements for additional information.
Accounts Receivable, net —The Company records accounts receivable
at the invoiced amount, net of allowance for potentially
uncollectible amounts. The Company reviews accounts receivable
periodically and estimates the allowance based on known troubled
accounts, historical experience, and other currently available
evidence. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the allowance for
uncollectible amounts was not material.

Derivatives —The Company accounts for derivative instruments at
fair value within its consolidated balance sheets, and the
accounting treatment for each derivative is based on its hedge
designation. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments
for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in the fair value of
derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded
within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until earnings
are affected by the variability of cash flows. Changes in the fair
value of non-designated derivatives are recorded immediately
through earnings. The Company’s policy for classifying cash flows
from derivatives is to report the cash flows consistent with the
underlying hedged item . See Note 3, Fair Value Measurements for
additional information.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments —The Company uses a three-tier
fair value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis, in periods subsequent to their initial measurement. The
hierarchy requires the Company to use observable inputs when
available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
determining fair value. The three tiers are defined as follows:
Level 1 —Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted)
for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 —Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that
are observable either directly or indirectly.
Level 3 —Unobservable inputs of which there is little or no market
data, which require the Company to develop its own assumptions.
Concentration of Credit Risk and Uncertainties —The Company’s
financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit
risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts
receivable. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents
with large, reputable financial institutions in amounts which
exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits.
The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers
and generally requires no collateral for its accounts receivable.
No individual customer represented 10% or more of the Company’s
accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023. One customer
represented 12% of the Company's accounts receivable as of December
31, 2022, which was collected in full during the first quarter of
2023.
                                75                                 
Table of Contents

The Company also uses various distribution partners to collect
payments for IAPs made by users within Apps . No individual
distribution partner represented 10% or more of the Company's
accounts receivable as of December 31, 2023 and 2022.

No individual customer represented 10% or more of the Company’s
revenue during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
Property and Equipment, net —Property and equipment are stated at
cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets, which is as follows:
                                                                   
                            Useful Life                            
  Computer equipment        3-5years                               
  Software and licenses     3years                                 
  Furniture and fixtures    3-5years                               
  Leasehold improvements    Over the shorter of useful life (up    
                            to10years) or lease term               
                                                                   
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and
accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the
accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations
in the period realized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
operations as incurred.
Leases — Leases consist of real estate property, network and other
equipment. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains
a lease at inception. Operating and finance lease right-of-use
assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement
date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease
term. Lease payments consist primarily of the fixed payments under
the arrangement, less any lease incentives. The Company generally
uses an incremental borrowing rate estimated based on the
information available at the lease commencement date or on the date
of lease modification, if applicable, to determine the present
value of lease payments unless the implicit rate is readily
determinable. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-
line basis over the lease terms. Finance lease assets are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful
lives of the assets or the lease terms.
The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components as a single
lease component of contracts for real estate property leases and
does not recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
leases with a term of 12 months or less. Generally, the lease term
is based on non-cancelable lease term when determining the lease
assets and liabilities. The lease terms may include periods under
options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably
certain that we will exercise that option. Payments under our lease
arrangements are primarily fixed, however, certain lease agreements
contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not
included in the lease right-of-use assets and liabilities. Variable
lease payments are primarily comprised of real estate taxes, common
area maintenance, and insurance.
Deferred Offering Costs — Deferred offering costs, which consist
primarily of accounting, legal and other fees directly attributable
to the Company’s initial public offering (“IPO”), were initially
capitalized in other assets on the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets. After the completion of the IPO, the Company presented
deferred offering costs in stockholders’ equity as a reduction of
the IPO proceeds.

Segment Reporting — The Company's chief operating decision maker
(“CODM”) is the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") who manages the
business, allocates resources and assesses operating performance
based on financial information presented for each of the
twooperating segments: Software Platform and Apps. Both operating
segments are also individual reportable segments. For information
regarding reportable segments, see Note 14 - Segments and
Geographic Information.
Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations —The Company performs
an initial test to determine whether substantially all of the fair
value of the gross assets transferred are concentrated in a single
identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, such
that the acquisition would not represent a business. If that test
suggests that the set of assets and activities is a business, the
Company then performs a second test to evaluate whether the assets
and activities transferred include inputs and substantive processes
that together, significantly contribute to the ability to create
outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of the
second test suggests that the acquired assets and activities
constitute a business, the Company accounts for the transaction as
a business combination.
For transactions accounted for as business combinations, the
Company allocates the fair value of acquisition consideration to
the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
their estimated fair value. Acquisition consideration includes the
fair value of any promised contingent consideration. The excess of
the fair value of acquisition consideration over the fair value of
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as
goodwill. Contingent consideration is remeasured to its fair value
each reporting period with changes in the fair value of contingent
consideration recorded in general and administrative expenses. Such
valuations require management to make significant estimates and
assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets.
Significant estimates and assumptions in valuing certain
identifiable intangible assets include, but are not limited to,
forecasted revenue and discount rates. Management’s estimates of
fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable,
but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a
result, actual results may differ from estimates. In certain
circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase price are
based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to
revision when the Company receives final information, including
appraisals and other analyses. During the measurement period, which
is one year from the acquisition date, the Company may
                                76                                 
Table of Contents

record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of
the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to
earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost,
including certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets
acquired on the basis of relative fair values. The Company
generally includes contingent consideration in the cost of the
assets acquired only when the uncertainty is resolved. The Company
amortizes contingent consideration adjustments to the cost of the
acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line method over
the remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized
in asset acquisitions.
Services and Development Agreements —The Company enters into
strategic agreements with third-party mobile gaming studios. The
Company has historically allowed these studios to continue their
operations with a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases,
the Company bought Apps from these studios and entered into service
and development agreements whereby these studios provide support in
improving existing Apps and developing new Apps. The substantial
majority of payments associated with service agreements for
existing Apps are expensed to research and development when the
services are rendered as the payments primarily relate to
developing enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps
associated with development agreements are generally made in
connection with the development of a particular App, and therefore,
the Company is subject to development risk prior to the release of
the App. Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of
an App are generally expensed to research and development over the
development period as the services are incurred. Payments due after
completion of an App are generally capitalized and expensed as cost
of revenue. For additional information, see Note 6 - Acquisitions
and Dispositions .
Software Development Costs —The Company incurs development costs
related to internal-use software and Apps. Development costs meet
the criteria for capitalization once the preliminary project stage
is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed
and the software will be used to perform the function intended. S
oftware development costs that meet the capitalization criteria
were not material for the periods presented.
Goodwill —The Company tests goodwill for impairment at the
reporting unit level on an annual basis during the fourth quarter,
or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
that goodwill may be impaired. A qualitative assessment is
performed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the
fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If
the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, the
Company compares the carrying value of the reporting unit,
including goodwill, to its fair value. A goodwill impairment loss
is recognized for the amount that the carrying value of the
reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value, limited
to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
Nogoodwill impairment loss was recorded during the year ended
December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
Intangible Assets —Intangible assets consist primarily of Apps,
user base, developed technology, customer relationships and certain
intellectual property licenses resulting from acquisitions.
Intangible assets are amortized over the period of estimated
benefit using the straight-line method. The Company's estimates of
useful lives of intangible assets are based on cash flow forecasts
which incorporate various assumptions, including forecasted user
acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level of user
engagement.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets —The Company reviews long-lived
assets that are held and used for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset or
asset group may not be recoverable. If such indicators are present,
the Company assesses the recoverability of the asset or asset group
by comparing its carrying value to the undiscounted future cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the
future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of
the asset or asset group, an impairment charge is recognized by the
amount by which the carrying value of the asset or asset group,
exceeds its estimated fair value. There were nomaterial impairment
charges related to long-lived assets that are held and used for the
years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
The Company classifies an asset as held for sale when management
commits to a formal plan to actively market the asset for sale at a
price reasonable in relation to fair value, the asset is available
for immediate sale in its present condition, an active program to
locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the sale have
been initiated, the sale of the asset and the transfer is expected
to be completed within one year and it is unlikely that significant
changes will be made to the plan. Upon classification as held for
sale, the Company recognizes the asset at the lower of its carrying
value or its estimated fair value, less costs to sell. In addition,
the Company ceases to record depreciation or amortization for
assets that are classified as held for sale. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company classified certain assets within the
Apps reportable segment as held for sale and recognized a total
impairment charge of $ 53.0million, representing t he excess of the
assets' carrying value over their estimated fair value, less cost
to sell, in cost of revenue in the Company's consolidated
statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying
value of assets held for sale was not material. No assets were
classified as held for sale in 2023 or 2021.
Cost of Revenue —Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party
payment processing fees related to IAP Revenue and charged by
various distribution partners, amortization of intangible assets
related to acquired technology and Apps, amortization of finance
lease right-of-use assets related to certain servers and networking
equipment and costs for third-party cloud service providers.
Sales and Marketing —Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily
of user acquisition costs, amortization of acquired customer-
related intangible assets, and personnel costs. Advertising costs,
which consist primarily of user acquisition costs, are
                                77                                 
Table of Contents

expensed as incurred. Advertising costs totaled $ 539.4million, $
665.9million, and $ 983.7million for the years ended December 31,
2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Research and Development —Research and development expenses consist
primarily of personnel costs and third-party costs for development
of Apps.

General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of personnel costs of the Company’s finance,
accounting, legal, human resources, and other administrative
functions, third-party professional service costs, provision for
expected credit losses, software, facilities costs and other
administrative costs.
Stock-Based Compensation —The Company accounts for stock-based
compensation based on the fair value of stock-based awards as of
the grant date. The Company recognizes the fair value as stock-
based compensation expense following the straight-line attribution
method over the requisite service period for restricted stock units
("RSUs") and stock options, and over the offering period for
purchase rights issued under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan
("ESPP"). Stock-based compensation expense for performance-based
RSUs (“PSUs”) with a market condition is recognized ratably on a
tranche-by-tranche basis using the accelerated attribution method
over the respective derived service period, unless the market
condition is satisfied earlier. The Company accounts for
forfeitures for all awards as they occur.
The fair value of RSUs is estimated on the date of grant based on
the closing price of the Company's publicly traded Class A common
stock on the date of grant.
The Company determines the fair value of PSUs with market
conditions using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model. This
requires the input of assumptions, including the expected stock
volatility, the risk-free interest rate, the expected dividend
yield and the discount for post-vesting restrictions, as
applicable.
The Company determines the fair value of stock options and purchase
rights under the ESPP using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
This requires the input of assumptions, including the expected
term, the expected stock volatility, the risk-free interest rate,
and the expected dividend yield.
For awards that are liability classified, the Company updates the
grant date fair value at each reporting period. Liability-
classified awards are reclassified to equity upon settlement in
shares of the Company’s common stock.
Income Taxes —The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset
and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements.
Under this method, the Company determines deferred tax assets and
liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on
deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date.
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these
assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, the Company considers all available positive and
negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable
temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-
planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If the
Company determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax
assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an
adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be
made to reduce the provision for income taxes.
The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-
step process in which determinations are made (1) whether it is
more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on
the basis of the technical merits of the position; and (2) for
those tax positions that meet the more- likely-than-not recognition
threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit
that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate
settlement with a tax authority.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits on the income tax expense line in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Accrued
interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability
line in the consolidated balance sheets.
Foreign Currency Transactions —Generally, the functional currency
of our international subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. In cases
where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, the Company
translates the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S.
dollars using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date for
assets and liabilities, and average exchange rates during the
period for revenue and expenses. The Company records translation
gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
as a component of stockholders’ equity. The Company reflects
foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the
conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency as a
component of other income (expense), net.
Comprehensive Income (Loss) —Comprehensive income (loss) is
composed of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income
(loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of foreign
currency translation adjustments.
Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
—Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to
common stockholders is presented under the two-class method
required for participating securities. The Company considers
convertible preferred stock, options exercised in exchange for
nonrecourse promissory notes, early exercised unvested stock
options, unvested restricted stock awards and common stock subject
to certain share repurchase agreements to be participating
securities. Under the two-class method, the net loss attributable
to common stockholders is not allocated to participating securities
as the holders of these instruments do not have a contractual
obligation to share in the Company’s losses. Net income is
attributed to common stockholders and participating securities
based on the respective participation rights.
                                78                                 
Table of Contents

Basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is
computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common
stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common
stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share
attributable to common stockholders adjusts basic earnings per
share for the effect of potentially dilutive impact of securities.
Share Repurchases — The Company retires its Class A common stock
upon repurchase, and records any excess of the cost of the
repurchased shares over their par value as a reduction to
additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in
capital, to accumulated deficit.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted) — In June
2022, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement
of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions . The
ASU clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an
equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of
the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring
fair value. The ASU also clarifies that an entity cannot, as a
separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale
restriction and requires specific disclosures for equity securities
subject to contractual sale restrictions. The Company adopted this
ASU on January 1, 2023 with no material impact on its consolidated
financial statements.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted) —In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting:
Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires
disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual and
interim basis. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The amendments must
be applied retrospectively, and early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on
the Company's disclosures.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes:
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires
disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes
paid by jurisdiction. The amendments will be effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The amendments may be
applied prospectively or retrospectively, and early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating this ASU to
determine its impact on the Company's disclosures.
                                                                   
  3.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Fair Value Measurements                                          
                                                                   
The following table sets forth the Company’s financial instruments
that were measured at fair value by level within the fair value
hierarchy on a recurring basis as of the dates indicated (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                                   As of                           
                                  Decem…                           
                                     31,                           
                                    2023                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
          Bala…                    Level       Level       Level   
          Sheet       Total            1       2           3       
          Loca…                                                    
  Fin…                                                             
  Ass…                                                             
  Mon…    Cash                                                     
  mar…    and      $  1,352    $   1,352    $  —        $  —       
  dep…    cash                                                     
  acc…    equi…                                                    
  Tot…                                                             
  fin…             $  1,352    $   1,352    $  —        $  —       
  ass…                                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                   As of                           
                                  Decem…                           
                                     31,                           
                                    2022                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
          Bala…                    Level       Level       Level   
          Sheet       Total            1           2       3       
          Loca…                                                    
  Fin…                                                             
  Ass…                                                             
  Mon…    Cash                                                     
  mar…    and      $  604,…    $  604,3…    $      —    $  —       
  fun…    cash                                                     
          equi…                                                    
          Prep…                                                    
  Int…    expe…                                                    
  rate    and         7,319            —       7,319       —       
  swap    other                                                    
          curr…                                                    
          asse…                                                    
  Tot…                                                             
  fin…             $  611,…    $  604,3…    $  7,319    $  —       
  ass…                                                             
                                                                   
(1) Includes balances in money market deposit accounts of $
524.2million as of December 31, 2022.
Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

In October 2022 and March 2023, the Company entered into multiple
pay-fixed receive-variable interest rate swaps as part of its
interest rate risk management strategy in connection with the term
loans under a certain credit agreement (see Note 9 - Credit
Agreement). The Company elected to not designate the interest rate
swaps as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and recorded
both realized and unrealized gains and losses associated with the
interest rate swaps immediately through earnings in interest
expense in the Company's consolidated statement of operations. The
fair value of the outstanding interest rate swaps are determined
using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted
cash flow analysis based on the expected cash flows of the interest
rate swaps. The Company has determined that the significant inputs,
such as interest yield curve and discount rate, used to value its
interest rate swaps fall within Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy. All interest rate swaps were settled during 2023 and the
Company had no outstanding interest rate swaps as of December 31,
2023. The Company recorded a net gain of $ 15.8million and a net
gain of $ 5.9million related to the interest rate swaps during the
year ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Cash paid for
or received from the settlements of the interest rate swaps are
presented in net cash provided by operating activities and the
supplemental disclosure of cash paid for interest, net in the
Company's consolidated statement of cash flows.
                                79                                 
Table of Contents

Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Net Asset Value

The Company held equity interests in certain private equity funds
of $ 56.7million a nd $ 32.3million as of December 31, 2023 and
December 31, 2022, respectively, which are measured using the net
asset value practical expedient. Under the net asset value
practical expedient, the Company records investments based on the
proportionate share of the underlying funds’ net asset value. These
investments are included in other assets in the Company’s
consolidated balance sheets.

These funds vary in investment strategies and generally have an
initial term of 7to 10years, which may be extended for 2to
3additional years with the applicable approval. These investments
are subject to certain restrictions regarding transfers and
withdrawals and generally cannot be redeemed with the funds.
Distributions from the funds will be received as the underlying
investments are liquidated. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss
is limited to the carrying value of these investments of $
56.7million and the unfunded commitments of $ 41.2million as of
December 31, 2023.

During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company made total
capital contributions of $ 17.9million related to these
investments. The Company recorded an immaterial unrealized gain
related to these investments for each year presented.

Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-
Recurring Basis

In the second quarter of 2022, the Company purchased certain non-
marketable equity securities for total proceeds of $ 38.0million.
Non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held
companies without readily determinable fair values. The Company
elected the measurement alternative to account for these
investments. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value
of the non-marketable equity securities are adjusted based on price
changes from observable transactions of identical or similar
securities of the same issuer or for impairment. Any changes in
carrying value are recorded within other income (expense), net in
the Company's consolidated statement of operations. During the year
ended December 31, 2023 , the Company recorded an impairment charge
of $ 28.0million related to these investments. As of December 31,
2023, the carrying amount of these investments was $ 10.1million,
which was included in other assets in the Company’s consolidated
balance sheets.
                                                                   
  4.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Supplemental Financial Statement Information                     
                                                                   
Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                                       December 31,                
                                               2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment                $       219,729    $  106,215  
  Leasehold improvements                     17,553        17,380  
  Furniture and fixtures                      4,144         3,650  
  Software and licenses                       3,911           156  
  Total property and equipment              245,337       127,401  
  Less: accumulated depreciation            -72,006       -48,858  
  Total property and equipment,     $       173,331    $   78,543  
  net                                                              
                                                                   
Depreciation expenses were $ 26.4million, $ 29.3million and $
25.6million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021,
respectively.
Accrued and other current liabilities consist of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                                       December 31,                
                                               2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax accruals and withholdings     $       141,854    $   81,957  
  Compensation and related                   48,263        24,302  
  liabilities                                                      
  Accrued expenses and other                 62,085        41,542  
  Total accrued and other                                          
  current                           $       252,202    $  147,801  
  liabilities                                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
  5.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Commitments and Contingencies                                    
                                                                   
Commitments—As of December 31, 2023, the Company's non-cancelable
minimum purchase commitments totaled $ 252.0million, which
consisted primarily of a certain arrangement related to cloud
platform services. In May 2022, the Company entered into a new
order form under an existing master agreement that required the
Company to purchase at least $ 550.0million of cloud services
through May 2025. The Company made payments of $ 229.4million, $
79.4million and $ 55.0million under this arrangement for the year
ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
                                80                                 
Table of Contents
Future minimum payments under these non-cancelable purchase
commitments with a remaining term in excess of one year were as
follows (in thousands):
                                                       
  2024                             $  160,159          
  2025                                         87,450  
  2026                                          3,276  
  2027                                          1,078  
  2028                                      —          
  Total non-cancelable purchase    $  251,963          
  commitments                                          
                                                       
In addition, the Company had total unfunded commitments of $
41.2million related to investments in certain private equity funds.
For additional information, see Note 3 - Fair Value Measurements.

Contingencies —From time to time, the Company may have certain
contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of
business activities. The Company accrues a liability for such
matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made,
and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated.

Letters of Credit —As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had outstanding letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $
6.3million and $ 11.1million, respectively, which were issued as
security for certain leased office facilities under the Credit
Agreement. These letters of credit have never been drawn upon. For
additional information, see Note 9 - Credit Agreement.

Legal Proceedings —The Company is involved from time to time in
litigation, claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s
legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to
significant uncertainty.

The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has
been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is
determined that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range
of loss can be estimated, the reasonably possible loss is
disclosed. The Company evaluates developments in legal matters that
could affect the amount of liability that has been previously
accrued, and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and
makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required
to determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount of
a loss related to such matters. To date, losses in connection with
legal proceedings have not been material.

The Company expenses legal fees in the period in which they are
incurred.

Indemnifications —The Company enters into indemnification
provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary
course of business, including certain customers, business partners,
investors, contractors and the Company’s officers, directors and
certain employees. It is not possible to determine the maximum
potential loss under these indemnification provisions due to the
Company’s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the
unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular
provision. To date, losses recorded in the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations in connection with the indemnification
provisions have not been material. As of December 31, 2023, the
Company did not have any material indemnification claims that were
probable or reasonably possible.

Non-income Taxes —The Company may be subject to audit by various
tax authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject
matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from different
interpretations on tax treatment and tax rates applied. The Company
accrues liabilities for non-income taxes that may result from
examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax
authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If a
loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be
estimated, the Company discloses the reasonably possible loss.
                                                                   
  6.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Acquisitions and Dispositions                                    
                                                                   
2023 Acquisitions
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized
total earn-out costs of $ 52.2million, related to asset
acquisitions closed in 2021 and prior. No other business or asset
acquisition was completed during 2023.
2022 Acquisitions

Business Combinations
Wurl—On April 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of all
of the equity interests of Wurl, Inc. ("Wurl"), a connected TV
("CTV") software platform company, for a total purchase price of $
378.2million, consisting of $ 219.3million in cash, 2,579,692shares
of the Company's Class A common stock valued at $ 137.4million and
a deferred payment of $ 22.7million, with a present value of $
21.5million at the closing of the acquisition, relating to an
indemnity holdback amount to be paid in 18months following the
transaction close date, less any eligible claims against Wurl paid
by AppLovin. The transaction is expected to enable the Company to
expand into the connected TV market. The Company accounted for the
acquisition as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred
by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including
professional fees, were $ 1.9million. During the fourth quarter of
2023, the indemnity holdback was paid.
                                87                                 
Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price
to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
(in thousands):
                                                                 
  Cash and cash equivalents                          $      400  
  Accounts receivable and other current assets           15,194  
  Intangible assets                                              
  Customer Relationships—estimated useful life           41,000  
  of15years                                                      
  Developed Technology—estimated useful life             60,500  
  of6years                                                       
  Tradename—estimated useful life of10years              14,700  
  Goodwill                                              264,149  
  Property and equipment, net                               363  
  Other assets                                              159  
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other       -12,854  
  current liabilities                                            
  Deferred revenue                                         -209  
  Deferred income tax liability                          -5,235  
  Total purchase consideration                       $  378,167  
                                                                 
The income approach was used to determine the fair value of the
customer relationships, developed technology, and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at
the acquisition date and is primarily attributable to the assembled
workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition.
For tax purposes, no tax deductible goodwill was generated as a
result of this acquisition.

Contemporaneously with entering into the definitive agreement, the
Company also adopted a multi-year performance-based incentive plan
for certain key employees of Wurl, under which the key employees
may earn up to a total of $ 600.0million in additional shares of
the Company's Class A common stock through 2025, contingent upon
the achievement of certain revenue and other performance targets by
the acquired business and the continued employment of such key
employees between 2023 and 2025. In April 2023, the Company amended
the multi-year performance-based incentive plan into a one-year
plan for 2023, under which the Company may be obligated to issue up
to a total of $ 90.0million in additional shares of the Company's
Class A common stock, contingent upon Wurl’s achievement of certain
revenue and other performance targets and the continued employment
of the key employees. At the end of the performance period, the
Company determined that $ 15.7million was earned under the plan
based on Wurl's financial results, which is expected to be settled
in the first quarter of 2024. The plan was accounted for as
liability classified share-based compensation awards.

The Company’s consolidated statement of operations as of December
31, 2022, includes Wurl's revenue of $ 35.0million and pre-tax loss
of $ 11.8million for the period from the acquisition date of April
1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro
Forma Information".

MoPub—On January 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition
from Twitter, Inc. of certain assets that comprised of its MoPub
business for a total purchase price of $ 1.03billion in cash. The
acquisition allows the Company to integrate certain product
features of the MoPub platform into MAX, the Company's own in-app
mediation platform, and migrate publishers and demand partners from
the MoPub platform to MAX. The Company accounted for the
acquisition as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred
by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including
professional fees, were $ 14.4million.

The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase
consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired (in
thousands):
                                                                  
  Intangible assets                                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Advertiser Relationships—estimated useful life    $    212,700  
  of9years                                                        
  Publisher Relationships—estimated useful life          123,300  
  of9years                                                        
  Developed Technology—estimated useful life              61,800  
  of5years                                                        
  Tradename—estimated useful life of3months                   60  
  Goodwill                                               632,472  
  Total purchase consideration                      $  1,030,332  
                                                                  
The income approach was used to determine the fair value of the
advertiser relationships, publisher relationships, developed
technology and tradename. Goodwill represents the excess of the
purchase price over the preliminary fair value of identifiable
assets acquired at the acquisition date and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at
the time of the acquisition. For tax purposes, an estimated tax
deductible goodwill of $ 645.1million was generated as a result of
this acquisition. Noliabilities were assumed in the transaction.

Contemporaneously with the signing of the asset purchase agreement,
the Company entered into an agreement for Twitter, Inc. to provide
certain transitional services to facilitate the migration of
publishers and demand partners to MAX during a
                                88                                 
Table of Contents

three-month transitional period following the closing of the
transaction (the "TSA"). The Company accounted for the TSA as a
transaction separate from the business combination since it was
negotiated primarily for the benefit of the Company. In the first
quarter of 2022, the Company recognized total expense of $ $
7.0million related to the transitional services, which was included
primarily in cost of revenue in the Company's consolidated
statement of operations.

Due to the significant integration of the MoPub business with MAX,
it was impractical to determine the impact of the acquired business
on revenue or earnings.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro
Forma Information".

Asset Acquisitions

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized
total earn-out costs of $ 104.2million, related to asset
acquisitions closed in 2021 and prior.

Supplemental Pro Forma Information
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information below presents the
combined historical results of operations of the Company, the MoPub
Business, Wurl and Adjust (an acquisition completed in 2021) for
each of the periods presented as if the MoPub business and Wurl had
been acquired as of January 1, 2021 and Adjust had been acquired as
of January 1, 2020 (in thousands):
                                                                   
                          Year Ended December 31,                  
                                             2022            2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue              $                2,826,090    $  3,036,661  
  Net income (loss)    $                 -184,317    $     25,940  
                                                                   
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above includes the
following adjustments to net income (loss) in the appropriate pro
forma periods (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                Year Ended December                
                                                31,                
                                               2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  An (increase) in                                                 
  amortization expense                                             
  related to the fair                                              
  value of acquired                                                
  identifiable                                                     
  intangible assets,      $                  -3,512    $  -73,121  
  net of                                                           
  the amortization                                                 
  expense already                                                  
  reflected in actual                                              
  historical results                                               
  A decrease                                                       
  (increase) in           $                   7,000    $   -7,000  
  expenses                                                         
  related to the TSA                                               
  A net increase in                                                
  revenue related to      $                       —    $    1,902  
  fair value                                                       
  adjustment                                                       
  A decrease                                                       
  (increase) in                                                    
  expenses                $                  16,899    $   -7,341  
  related to                                                       
  transaction expenses                                             
  An (increase) in        $                       —    $   -2,641  
  interest cost                                                    
  A decrease in                                                    
  expenses related to     $                   1,101    $    8,899  
  transaction bonuses                                              
  An (increase) due to                                             
  replacement stock       $                  -1,221    $  -10,145  
  awards                                                           
  An (increase)                                                    
  decrease in income      $                  -4,654    $   20,535  
  tax                                                              
  provision                                                        
                                                                   
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information has been presented
for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of
results of operations that would have been achieved had the
acquisitions taken place on the date indicated, or of the Company's
future consolidated results of operations. The supplemental pro
forma information presented above has been derived from the
Company's historical consolidated financial statements and from the
historical accounting records of Wurl, the MoPub business, and
Adjust.

Asset Dispositions

During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company completed the sale
of certain non-strategic assets for $ 44.0million as part of its
operational optimization of the Apps reportable segment. As a
result of the sale, the Company recorded a total net loss of $
74.9million in cost of revenue in the Company's consolidated
statements of operations.
                                                                   
  7.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net                              
                                                                   
During the second quarter of 2022, the Company revised the
presentation of its segment information to reflect changes in the
way the Company manages and evaluates the business. As a result,
beginning in the second quarter of 2022, the Company reports
operating results based on tworeportable segments—Software Platform
and Apps. This change also resulted in a change in reporting units
to coincide with the new operating segments. Given the change in
reporting units, the Company performed a relative fair value
calculation to allocate historical goodwill of $ 1.8billion between
the twonew reporting units, with $ 1.5billion and $ 0.3billion of
goodwill allocated to Software Platform and Apps, respectively. The
Company also performed a qualitative impairment test immediately
before and after the change in reporting units and determined that
it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting
units is less than their carrying amounts, including goodwill.
Accordingly, the Company concluded that the goodwill relating to
those reporting units was not impaired.
                                89                                 
Table of Contents
The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of
goodwill by reporting unit (in thousands):
                                                                   
                           Software                                
                           Platform          Apps           Total  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  December 31,                                       $    966,427  
  2021                                                             
  Additions                                               891,387  
  Foreign                                                          
  currency                                                -38,710  
  translation                                                      
  Segment                                                          
  allocation                                                       
  in the          $       1,473,474    $  345,630       1,819,104  
  second                                                           
  quarter                                                          
  of 2022                                                          
  Additions                   5,281             —           5,281  
  Foreign                                                          
  currency                     -519          -111            -630  
  translation                                                      
  December 31,            1,478,014       345,741       1,823,755  
  2022                                                             
  Additions                       —             —               —  
  Foreign                                                          
  currency                   19,095             —          19,095  
  translation                                                      
  December 31,    $       1,497,109    $  345,741    $  1,842,850  
  2023                                                             
                                                                   
Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
The Company recorded amortization expenses related to acquired
intangible assets as follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2023          2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of          $          382,956    $  448,462    $  373,726  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and                    67,190        66,173        22,661  
  marketing                                                        
  Total            $          450,146    $  514,635    $  396,387  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2023, the expected future amortization expense
related to acquired intangible assets is estimated as follows (in
thousands):
                              
  2024          $    295,810  
  2025               295,810  
  2026               274,394  
  2027               216,621  
  2028                49,450  
  Thereafter         160,550  
  Total         $  1,292,635  
                              
                                                                   
  8.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Leases                                                           
                                                                   
The Company leases real estate property under operating leases. The
Company also leases networking equipment under arrangements with
certain providers of IT infrastructure services which were
accounted as finance leases or operating leases.

The Company’s leases do not provide a readily determinable implicit
rate. Therefore, the Company estimates its incremental borrowing
rate to discount the lease payments based on information available
at lease commencement date or on the date of lease modification, if
applicable. The Company determines its incremental borrowing rate
based on the rate of interest it would have to pay to borrow on a
collateralized basis with an equal lease payment amount, over a
similar term, and in a similar economic environment.

Operating Leases —The Company has entered into various non-
cancelable operating leases primarily for its office facilities.
The most significant leases are related to the Company's corporate
headquarters in Palo Alto, California. As of December 31, 2023, the
remaining lease terms varied from 1.1to 6.2years. For certain
leases, the Company has an option to extend the lease term for
periods varying from 1to 5years. These renewal options are not
considered in the remaining lease
                                90                                 
Table of Contents

term unless it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise
such options. For leases with an initial term greater than 12
months, the Company has recorded a right-of-use asset and lease
liability representing the fixed component of the lease payments.

Further, the Company leases certain networking equipment,
colocation space and office space under lease arrangements with
terms 12 months or less, which are classified as short-term leases.
The table below presents the operating lease-related assets and
liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                Year Ended                         
  Balance Sheet               December 31,                         
  Classification                      2023              2022       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease                                                  
  right-of-use        $             48,210         $  60,379       
  assets                                                           
  Current                                                          
  operating lease     $             13,605         $  14,334       
  liabilities                                                      
  Non-current                                                      
  operating lease     $             42,905         $  54,153       
  liabilities                                                      
  Weighted-average                                                 
  remaining term                            4.1               4.9  
  (years)                                                          
  Weighted-average                     5.2    %          5.1    %  
  discount rate                                                    
                                                                   
The table below presents certain information related to the lease
costs for operating leases which are allocated to cost of revenue,
sales and marketing, research and development, and general and
administrative expenses (in thousands):
                                                                   
                             Year Ended                            
                           December 31,                            
                                   2023         2022         2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease    $           16,674    $  20,783    $  28,676  
  cost                                                             
  Short-term                      1,406        1,272        9,683  
  lease cost                                                       
  Variable lease                  4,923        1,419        7,862  
  cost                                                             
  Total lease        $           23,003    $  23,474    $  46,221  
  cost                                                             
                                                                   
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating
lease liabilities was $ 17.1million, $ 22.0million and $
25.5million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. Right-of-use assets acquired under operating leases
was $ 6.5million, $ 7.1million and $ 6.1million for the years ended
December 31, 2023 , 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Finance Leases —The Company has entered into various non-cancelable
finance leases primarily for networking equipment with weighted
average remaining lease term of approximately 7.0years. The Company
has recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability representing
the fixed component of the lease payments.
The table below presents the finance lease-related assets and
liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                   
                  Year Ended                                       
                    December                           Balance     
                         31,                           Sheet       
                        2023              2022         Classific…  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Finance                                              Property    
  lease        $     159,414         $  65,187         and         
  right-of…                                            equipment,  
  assets                                               net         
  Current                                              Accrued     
  finance      $      19,683         $  22,304         and other   
  lease                                                current     
  liabilit…                                            liabiliti…  
  Non-curr…                                            Other       
  finance      $     144,174         $  44,736         non-curre…  
  lease                                                liabiliti…  
  liabilit…                                                        
  Weighted…                                                        
  remaining                   7.0               3.4                
  term                                                             
  (years)                                                          
  Weighted…                                                        
  discount               5.6    %          5.0    %                
  rate                                                             
                                                                   
The Company recognized depreciation expenses related to finance
lease of networking equipment of $ 22.7million, $ 24.1million and $
17.8million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. The Company recognized interest expenses related to
finance lease of networking equipment of $ 7.0million, $ 2.8million
and $ 1.5million for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and
2021, respectively.

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance lease
liabilities was $ 20.2million, $ 24.1million and $ 15.3million for
the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

One of the Company’s 2020 acquired companies entered into a
sublease agreement in 2017. This agreement was with an unrelated
third party to occupy approximately 104,852square feet of the
Company’s office space. The Company recorded rent expense on a
straight-line basis for the lease, net of sublease income. The
sublease agreement expired as of December 31, 2022.
                                91                                 
Table of Contents
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has the
following operating sublease information (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                 Year Ended December               
                                                 31,               
                                                2023         2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Fixed sublease           $                     627    $   4,736  
  expense                                                          
  Variable sublease                              153        1,023  
  expense                                                          
  Sublease income                               -597       -5,334  
  Variable sublease                             -153       -1,023  
  income                                                           
  Net sublease (income)    $                      30    $    -598  
  loss                                                             
                                                                   
Undiscounted cash flow —The tables below reconcile the undiscounted
cash flows for each of the first five years and total of the
remaining years to the operating and finance lease liabilities
recorded in the consolidated balance sheets (in thousands):
                                                                   
                       As of December                              
                             31, 2023                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Operating       Finance         Total  
                               Leases        Leases                
  2024              $          16,046    $   27,511    $   43,557  
  2025                         15,531        27,471        43,002  
  2026                         13,906        27,448        41,354  
  2027                         11,368        27,446        38,814  
  2028                          4,802        27,446        32,248  
  Thereafter                      694        54,893        55,587  
  Total lease                  62,347       192,215       254,562  
  payments                                                         
  Less: amount                                                     
  representing                 -5,837       -28,358       -34,195  
  interest                                                         
  Present value                                                    
  of future                    56,510       163,857       220,367  
  lease payments                                                   
  Less: current                                                    
  obligations                 -13,605       -19,683       -33,288  
  under leases                                                     
  Non-current                                                      
  lease             $          42,905    $  144,174    $  187,079  
  obligations                                                      
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any additional
significant lease that had not yet commenced.
                                                                   
  9.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Credit Agreement                                                 
                                                                   
On August 15, 2018, the Company entered into a credit agreement
with the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent for the lenders, which has been amended
multiple times (the “Credit Agreement”; as amended, the “Amended
Credit Agreement” ). The Amended Credit Agreement provides for
senior secured credit facilities consisti ng of twoterm loans (the
“Term Loans”), with each having an outstanding balance of $
1.5billion, and a Revolving Credit Facility, with a maximum
commitment of $ 610.0million, as of December 31, 2023. During the
third quarter of 2023, the Company drew down $ 185.0million from
the Revolving Credit Facility, with a remaining unused commitment
of $ 418.7million as of December 31, 2023, which is net of
outstanding letters of credit of $ 6.3million.

The Term Loans mature on October 25, 2028 and August 19, 2030. The
Company is required to make equal quarterly repayments of $
3.8million for each term loan with the remaining balance due on the
respective maturity date. The Revolving Credit Facility matures on
June 12, 2028.

The Term Loans and the borrowings under the Revolving Credit
Facility bear interest at a rate equal to an applicable margin
plus, at the Company’s option, either (a) a secured overnight
financing rate (“SOFR”) for a specified term, subject to a 0.50%
floor, or (b) a base rate equal to the highest of (i) the prime
rate then in effect, (ii) the federal funds rate, plus 0.50% and
(iii) the SOFR rate for a one-month interest period, plus 1.00%.
The applicable margin with respect to the Term Loans is equal to
3.10% in the case of SOFR loans and 2.00% in the case of base rate
loans. The applicable margin with respect to the amounts
outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility is between 2.10% to
2.35% in the case of SOFR loans and between 1.00% and 1.25% in the
case of base rate loans, based on the Company maintaining certain
leverage ratios. The fee for unused commitments under the Revolving
Credit Facility ranges, based on the applicable leverage, from
0.25% to 0.50%. As of December 31, 2023, the interest rates for the
Term Loans and the borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility
were 8.45% and 7.45%, respectively, and the fee for unused
commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility was 0.25%.

The Company may be required to prepay certain outstanding amounts
in the event of certain circumstances or transactions and is
permitted to voluntarily prepay or repay outstanding loans under
the Revolving Credit Facility or Term Loans at any time, in whole
or in part, subject to prior written notice, minimum amount
requirements, and customary “breakage” costs with respect to SOFR
loans. Amounts prepaid under the Revolving Credit Facility may
subsequently be reborrowed.

The Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by
substantially all of the assets of the Company and its domestic
subsidiary guarantors (other than customarily excluded assets).
                                92                                 
Table of Contents

The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative
covenants, including covenants limiting the ability of AppLovin and
its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things, incur debt,
grant liens, undergo certain fundamental business changes, make
investments, pay-out dividends to third parties, dispose of assets,
and enter into transactions with affiliates, in each case, subject
to limitations and exceptions set forth in the Credit Agreement.
The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default that
include, among other things, certain payment defaults, cross
defaults to other indebtedness, covenant defaults, change of
control defaults, judgment defaults, and bankruptcy and insolvency
defaults. If an event of default exists, the lenders may require
the immediate payment of all obligations under the Credit Agreement
and may exercise certain other rights and remedies provided for
under the Credit Agreement, the other loan documents and applicable
law. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with
all covenants.

During the third quarter of 2023, the Company entered into a
refinancing transaction under which the Company replaced a previous
term loan with one of the Term Loans. The Company evaluated the
transaction on a creditor-by-creditor basis to determine the
appropriate application of modification or extinguishment
accounting and recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $
4.3million in interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, and
an expense for third-party costs related to modification of debt of
$ 11.1million, in other income (expense), net, in the Company’s
consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December
31, 2023. The Company recorded the refinanced term loan at face
value less unamortized debt discount and issuance cost of $
19.4million, which is amortized over the term of the refinanced
term loan using the effective interest method.
The following table presents the amount of interest expense
recognized relating to the contractual interest expense, the
amortization of the debt discount and issuance costs, and loss on
debt extinguishment with respect to the Company's term loans, for
the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands):
                                                                   
                            Year Ended                             
                          December 31,                             
                                  2023          2022         2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Contractual                                                      
  interest          $          262,607    $  162,150    $  70,882  
  expense                                                          
  Amortization                                                     
  of debt                        8,256         9,887        7,442  
  discount and                                                     
  issuance costs                                                   
  Loss on debt                   4,337             —       16,852  
  extinguishment                                                   
  Total interest                                                   
  expense from      $          275,200    $  172,037    $  95,176  
  term loans                                                       
                                                                   
The aggregate future maturities of long-term debt as of December
31, 2023 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
  2024                                    $     30,000             
  2025                                                     30,000  
  2026                                                     30,000  
  2027                                                     30,000  
  2028                                                  1,428,750  
  Thereafter                                            1,417,500  
  Total outstanding term loan             $  2,966,250             
  principal                                                        
  Revolver credit facility                     185,000             
  Unaccreted discount and debt                                     
  issuance                                     -30,344             
  costs                                                            
  Total debt                              $  3,120,906             
  Less: short-term debt                                   215,000  
  Long-term debt                          $  2,905,906             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  10.                                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Equity                                                           
                                                                   
Initial Public Offering and Capital Structure Change

The Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 (the “IPO
Registration Statement”) related to its IPO was declared effective
on April 14, 2021, and the Company’s Class A common stock began
trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on April 15, 2021. On
April 19, 2021, the Company completed its IPO, in which the Company
sold 22,500,000shares of Class A common stock at price to the
public of $ 80.00per share. The Company received aggregate net
proceeds of $ 1.75billion after deducting underwriting discounts
and commissions of $ 47.2million and offering expenses of $
7.9million subject to certain cost reimbursements. KKR Capital
Markets LLC ("KKR Capital Markets") was an underwriter for the IPO
and is an affiliate of KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”), who
is a principal stockholder of the Company. The Company used $
400.0million of the net proceeds from the IPO to repay the entire
then outstanding amount under the Revolving Credit Facility. KKR
Capital Markets is a lender under the Revolving Credit Facility and
an affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company.
For additional information, see Note 9 - Credit Agreement.

Following the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement, the
Company filed the IPO Certificate. The IPO Certificate authorized a
total of 1,500,000,000shares of Class A common stock,
200,000,000shares of Class B common stock, 150,000,000shares of
Class C common stock, and 100,000,000shares of preferred stock.
Upon the filing and effectiveness of the IPO Certificate, all
shares of Class F common stock and Series A convertible preferred
stock then outstanding automatically converted into the equivalent
number of shares of Class A common stock, respectively (the
“Capital
                                93                                 
Table of Contents

Stock Conversions”). Following the Capital Stock Conversions and
immediately prior to the completion of the IPO, a total of
150,307,622shares of Class A common stock held by Adam Foroughi,
the Company’s co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, the
Company’s former President and Chief Financial Officer, and a
member of the Company’s board of directors; and KKR Denali
(collectively with certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders)
were exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common
stock pursuant to the terms of certain exchange agreements.

Preferred Stock

The preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. The Company's board of directors is authorized to determine
the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of
each such series and any qualifications, limitations or
restrictions thereof.

Common Stock

The rights of the holders of all classes of common stock pursuant
to the IPO Certificate are as follows:

The rights of the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common
stock, and Class C common stock (referred to together as the
“common stock”) are identical, except with respect to voting and
conversion.

Voting Rights

Holders of the Class A common stock are entitled to onevote for
each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders,
holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to 20votes for
each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders,
and holders of the Class C common stock are not entitled to vote on
any matter that is submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as
otherwise required by law. The holders of the Class A common stock
and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class,
unless otherwise required by law. Under the IPO Certificate,
approval of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
shares of the Class B common stock voting as a separate class will
be required to increase the number of authorized shares of the
Class B common stock. In addition, Delaware law could require
either holders of the Class A common stock, the Class B common
stock, or the Class C common stock to vote separately as a single
class in the following circumstances:

• if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate to
increase or decrease the par value of a class of stock, then that
class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed
amendment; and

• if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate in a
manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or special
rights of a class of stock in a manner that affected its holders
adversely, then that class would be required to vote separately to
approve the proposed amendment.

Until the date on which the final conversion of all outstanding
shares of Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of the IPO
Certificate occurs, approval of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B common stock voting as
a separate class will be required to amend or modify any provision
of the IPO Certificate inconsistent with, or otherwise alter, any
provision of the IPO Certificate to modify the voting, conversion,
or other rights, powers, preferences, privileges, or restrictions
of the Company’s Class B common stock.

Upon the closing of the IPO, the Class B Stockholders held all of
the issued and outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B common
stock. The Class B Stockholders have entered into a voting
agreement (the “Voting Agreement”) whereby all Class B common stock
held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective permitted
entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by
two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be
Mr. Foroughi).

Dividend Rights

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred
stock outstanding at the time, the holders of the Company’s common
stock will be entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally
available if the Company’s Board, in its discretion, determines to
issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that
the Company’s Board may determine.

No Preemptive or Similar Rights

The Company’s common stock will not be entitled to preemptive
rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking
fund provisions.

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions

If the Company becomes subject to a liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to the
Company’s stockholders would be distributable ratably among the
holders of the Company’s common stock and any participating
preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior
satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the
preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences,
if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock.

Conversion of Class B Common Stock

Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at
the option of the holder into oneshare of Class A common stock.
Following the closing of the IPO, shares of Class B common stock
will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon
sale or transfer except for certain transfers described in the IPO
Certificate, including transfers for
                                94                                 
Table of Contents

estate planning, transfers among KKR Denali and its affiliates, or
other transfers among the Class B Stockholders. Withdrawal from the
Voting Agreement constitutes a transfer.

Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into
oneshare of Class A common stock upon the date fixed by the
Company’s Board that is no less than 61days and no more than
180days following the date on which (i) the Voting Agreement is
terminated or (ii) Adam Foroughi is no longer involved with the
Company as a member of the Board or as an executive officer.

Conversion of Class C Common Stock

After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of the
Company’s Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock,
all outstanding shares of Class C common stock will convert
automatically into Class A common stock, on a share-for-share
basis, on the date or time specified by the holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, voting as a
separate class.

Stock Repurchase Program

In February 2022, the Company's Board authorized the repurchase of
up to $ 750.0million of the Company’s Class A common stock.
Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market
purchases or through privately negotiated transactions, subject to
market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant
factors. Open market repurchases may be structured to occur in
accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The Company
may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b-5 trading plans,
to facilitate repurchases of shares. In May and August 2023, the
Company's Board authorized increases to the repurchase program of $
296.0million and $ 447.6million, respectively.

The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any
particular amount of Class A common stock, has no expiration date
and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time at the
Company's discretion. During the twelve months ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, the Company repurchased 46,665,285and
9,042,407shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate amount,
including commissions and fees, of $ 1,153.6million and $
338.8million, respectively.
                                                                   
  11.                                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Stock-based Compensation                                         
                                                                   
2011 Equity Incentive Plan

The Company’s 2011 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock
options, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock units
("RSUs"), stock appreciation rights ("SARs") and restricted stock
to the Company's employees, directors, consultants, and other
service providers of the Company. Immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, the 2011 Plan was terminated, and
no further awards were granted thereunder. All outstanding awards
under the 2011 Plan continue to be governed by their existing
terms.

2021 Equity Incentive Plan

The 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”) provides for the
grant of RSUs, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, SARs,
performance units, and performance shares to the Company’s
employees, directors, consultants and other service providers. A
total of 39,000,000shares of the Company’s Class A common stock
were initially reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan. In
addition, the shares reserved for issuance under our 2021 Plan
include any shares subject to awards granted under the 2011 Plan in
the case of certain occurrences, such as expirations, terminations,
exercise and tax-related withholding, or failures to vest. The
number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan also
include an annual increase of shares, equal to the least of (a)
39,000,000shares, (b) five percent ( 5%) of the outstanding shares
of all classes of the Company’s common stock as of the last day of
the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as
the Company’s Board may determine. As of December 31, 2023, a total
of 47,217,073shares were reserved for future issuance under the
2021 Plan.

2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan

The 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan (the “2021 Partner Plan”)
provides for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, restricted
stock, RSUs, SARs, performance units, and performance shares to
individuals or entities engaged by the Company to render bona fide
services. A total of 390,000shares of the Company’s Class A common
stock were initially reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2021
Partner Plan. In 2022, the Board reserved an additional
2,000,000shares of Class A common stock for issuance under the 2021
Partner Plan. As of December 31, 2023, a total of 1,483,999shares
were reserved for future issuance under the 2021 Partner Plan.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP")

The ESPP permits participants to purchase shares of the Company’s
Class A common stock through contributions of up to 15% of their
eligible compensation. The ESPP provides for consecutive,
overlapping 24-monthoffering periods, during which the contributed
amount by the participant will be used to purchase shares of the
Company’s Class A common stock at the end of each 6-monthpurchase
period with the purchase price of the shares being 85% of the lower
of the fair market value of the Company’s Class A common stock on
the first day of an offering period or on the exercise date. No
participant may purchase, in any one purchase period, more than
590shares of Class A common stock, or 3,500shares of Class A common
stock for offering periods commencing on or after May 20, 2023.
Participants may end their participation at any time during an
offering and will be
                                95                                 
Table of Contents

paid their accrued contributions that have not yet been used to
purchase shares. Participation ends automatically upon termination
of employment with the Company.

A total of 7,800,000shares of the Company’s Class A common stock
were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of
shares available for issuance under the ESPP also include an annual
increase of shares, equal to the least of: (a) 7,800,000shares, (b)
one percent ( 1%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of the
Company’s common stock as of the last day of the immediately
preceding fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as the Company’s
board of directors may determine. As of December 31, 2023, a total
of 14,602,928shares were reserved for future issuance under the
ESPP.

PSUs

In March 2023, the Company’s Board, upon recommendation of the
Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Compensation Committee"),
granted to each of Adam Foroughi, the Company’s CEO and
Chairperson, and Vasily Shikin, the Company’s CTO,
6,902,000performance-based RSUs (“PSUs”), and delegated authority
to Mr. Foroughi to grant up to additional 3,451,000PSUs to non-
executive employees (the "Additional Participants") in consultation
with the chair of the Compensation Committee under the 2021 Plan.
The PSUs are divided into fiveequal tranches that are eligible to
vest based on the achievement of certain stock price targets (see
below), measured based on the minimum closing price of the
Company’s Class A common stock over a consecutive 30trading day
period during the five-yearperformance period beginning on the date
of grant, subject to the recipient’s continued employment through
the applicable vesting date. In the event of a change in control of
the Company during the performance period, any unvested PSUs are
eligible to vest a pro-rated amount if the per share transaction
price in the change in control is between two stock price targets
that have not previously been achieved, subject to the recipient’s
continued employment through the date immediately prior to the
change in control. PSUs for Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin may
continue to vest for up to one year after termination of employment
if certain conditions are met. In April 2023, the remaining
3,451,000PSUs were granted to the Additional Participants.
The following table presents the number of PSUs that are eligible
to vest based on the achievement of the respective stock price
targets for each of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Shikin and the Additional
Participants (in aggregate):
                                                                   
                             PSUs                                  
                      Eligible to                      Additional  
          Company            Vest                    Participants  
      Stock Price            Adam          Vasily             (in  
           Target        Foroughi          Shikin      aggregate)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $         36.00       1,380,400       1,380,400         690,200  
  $         46.75       1,380,400       1,380,400         690,200  
  $         57.50       1,380,400       1,380,400         690,200  
  $         68.25       1,380,400       1,380,400         690,200  
  $         79.00       1,380,400       1,380,400         690,200  
                        6,902,000       6,902,000       3,451,000  
                                                                   
A summary of the PSU activities is as follows (in thousands, except
share and per share data):
                                                                   
                                      Weighted                     
                    Number of          Average          Aggregate  
  Balances at     Performance       Grant Date          Intrinsic  
  December        Stock Units       Fair Value              Value  
  31, 2022                  —                —                  —  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Granted          17,255,000             7.20                     
  Vested           -3,451,000             7.20                     
  Balances at                                                      
  December         13,804,000    $        7.20    $       550,089  
  31, 2023                                                         
                                                                   
The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the
grant date fair value of the PSUs and the derived service period
for each of the fivevesting tranches, which is the measure of the
expected time to achieve the respective stock price target, as
described above. The Monte Carlo simulation model incorporates the
likelihood of achieving the stock price targets and requires the
input of assumptions including the underlying stock price, expected
volatility, risk-free rate and dividend yield. The Company also
applied a discount for lack of marketability to the value of PSUs
for employees other than the CEO as the shares issued for these
awards are subject to a holding period of approximately one year.
The following assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of
PSUs:
                                                                 
                                        Year Ended December 31,  
                                        2023                     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Stock price on the date of grant      $12.41- $16.43           
  Expected volatility                   73.76% -73.95%           
  Risk-free interest rate               3.58% -3.60%             
  Discount for lack of marketability    20.43% -20.65%           
  Dividend yield                        0%                       
                                                                 
                                96                                 
Table of Contents

The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense over the
derived service period of each of the fivevesting tranches, ranging
from 1.7to 3.1years, using the accelerated attribution method. If
the stock price targets are met sooner than the derived service
period, the Company will adjust its stock-based compensation
expense to reflect the cumulative expense associated with the
vested awards. Subject to continued employment of the recipients,
the Company will recognize stock-based compensation expense over
the derived service period, regardless of whether the stock price
targets are achieved. As of December 31, 2023 unrecognized stock-
based compensation expense related to the PSU grants was $
66.9million which will be recognized over the remaining derived
service period of each unvested tranche. The fair value of PSUs
vested as of the vesting dates during the year ended December 31,
2023 was $ 132.7million.

RSUs
A summary of the RSU activities is as follows (in thousands, except
share and per share data):
                                                                   
                                      Weighted                     
                    Number of          Average          Aggregate  
                   Restricted       Grant Date          Intrinsic  
                  Stock Units       Fair Value              Value  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at                                                      
  December         15,616,743    $       29.87    $       164,444  
  31, 2022                                                         
  Granted           8,230,406            25.11                     
  Vested          -13,668,092            18.89                     
  Cancelled          -969,748            36.14                     
  Balances at                                                      
  December          9,209,309    $       41.14    $       366,991  
  31, 2023                                                         
                                                                   
In general, the Company's RSUs vest over a service period of 1or
4years. As of December 31, 2023, there was $ 336.1million of
unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs, which is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
1.49years. The fair value of RSUs vested as of the vesting dates
during the year ended December 31, 2023 was $ 403.1million.

ESPP
The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
shares to be issued under the ESPP are as follows:
                                                                   
                     Year Ended                                    
                   December 31,  2023          2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-ave…                  1.25          1.25          1.25  
  expected term                                                    
  Expected                   62     %      62     %      44     %  
  volatility                                                       
  Risk-free                4.94     %    3.35     %    0.17     %  
  interest rate                                                    
  Dividend                    0     %       0     %       0     %  
  yield                                                            
                                                                   
During the year ended December 31, 2023, 375,051shares of Class A
common stock were purchased under the ESPP. As of December 31,
2023, total unrecognized compensation cost related to the ESPP was
$ 4.8million, which will be amortized over a weighted-average
period of 1.16years.

Stock Options
A summary of the stock option activities is as follows (in
thousands, except share and per share data):
                                                                   
                                    Weighted    Weighted           
                                     Average    Average            
                                    Exercise    Remaining          
                   Number of       Price Per    Contractual        
                     Options           Share    Term (Years)       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at                                                      
  December 31,    12,715,804    $       6.38                  6.8  
  2022                                                             
  Granted             31,074           25.55                       
  Exercised       -2,826,105            7.40                       
  Forfeited         -106,141            9.43                       
  Balances at                                                      
  December 31,     9,814,632    $       6.11                  5.8  
  2023                                                             
  Vested and                                                       
  exercisable                                                      
  at December      9,402,839    $       5.87                  5.7  
  31,                                                              
  2023                                                             
  Vested and                                                       
  expected to                                                      
  vest at          8,437,259    $       6.57                  6.0  
  December                                                         
  31, 2023                                                         
                                                                   
                                97                                 
Table of Contents

The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
stock options granted are as follows:
                                                                   
                          Year Ended December                      
                                          31,  2023          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average                             5.46          5.21  
  expected term                                                    
  Expected volatility                      69     %      43     %  
  Risk-free interest                     4.21     %    0.48     %  
  rate                                                             
  Dividend yield                            0     %       0     %  
                                                                   
No stock option was granted during the year ended December 31,
2022.

The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December
31, 2023 and 2022, was $ 331.1million and $ 63.6million,
respectively. As of December 31, 2023 there was approximately $
8.5million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to
unvested options granted, which is expected to be recognized over
the weighted-average vesting period of 0.74years. The total
intrinsic value of share options exercised during the years ended
December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was $ 60.1million, $ 87.5million,
and $ 622.1million, respectively.

Early Exercise of Stock Options— Subject to the Board’s approval,
the Plan allows for the early exercise of options granted. Under
the terms of the Plan, option holders, upon early exercise, must
sign a restricted stock purchase agreement that gives the Company
the right to repurchase any unvested shares, at the original
exercise price, in the event the optionees’ employment terminates
for any reason. The right to exercise options before they are
vested does not change existing vesting schedules in any way and
the early exercised options may not be sold or transferred before
they are vested. The repurchase right lapses over time as the
shares vest at the same rate as the original option vesting
schedule. The cash amounts received in exchange for these early
exercised shares are recorded as a liability on the accompanying
balance sheets and reclassified into common stock and additional
paid-in-capital as the shares vest. The Company’s right to
repurchase these shares lapses by 1/4th of the shares on the
1-yearanniversary of the vesting start date and ratably each month
over the next 36-months. Shares subject to repurchase as a result
of early exercised options were not material as of December 31,
2023 or 2022.

During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company
provided financing to certain employees in the form of promissory
notes to early exercise stock options. These promissory notes are
partially collateralized by shares and in-substance are
nonrecourse. For accounting purposes, exercised options via
nonrecourse promissory notes are not substantive and are continued
to be treated as options. In February 2021, promissory notes issued
to executive officers in the amount of $ 20.9million were settled
through either share repurchase, in the amount of $ 17.2million, or
cash payment, in the amount of $ 3.7million. In connection with the
repurchase of shares, the Company accelerated vesting of
60,968shares of Class A common stock for one of the Company’s
officers. The acceleration of vesting was accounted as an option
modification with an immaterial impact to the stock-based
compensation expense. The Company did not provide this type of
financing to employees during the years ended December 31, 2023 and
2022.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had 1,399,999and
1,399,999shares of Class A common stock options, respectively, that
were exercised via nonrecourse promissory notes of which 19,479and
43,855shares, respectively, were unvested and subject to
repurchase. The principal balances of nonrecourse promissory notes
outstanding amounted to $ 4.9million and $ 4.9million as of
December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense for all
equity awards for the periods indicated as follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2023          2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of           $           5,229    $    6,307    $    2,335  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and                    79,879        41,533        15,224  
  marketing                                                        
  Research and                230,806        94,319        63,344  
  development                                                      
  General and                  47,193        49,453        52,274  
  administrative                                                   
  Total                                                            
  stock-based       $         363,107    $  191,612    $  133,177  
  compensation                                                     
  expense                                                          
                                                                   
For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recognized net income tax benefit (deficiency) related to stock-
based compensation of $ 34.3million, $( 10.9) million and $
24.5million, respectively.
                                98                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  12.                                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Net Income (Loss) Per Share                                      
                                                                   
The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the
holders of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, except
with respect to voting and conversion. Each share of Class A common
stock is entitled to onevote per share and each share of Class B
common stock is entitled to 20votes per share. Each share of Class
B common stock is convertible into a share of Class A common stock
voluntarily at any time by the holder, and automatically upon
certain events. The Class A common stock has no conversion rights.
As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical for Class A
and Class B common stock, the undistributed earnings are allocated
on a proportional basis and the resulting net loss per share
attributable to common stockholders will, therefore, be the same
for both Class A and Class B common stock on an individual or
combined basis.
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted
net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders for
the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands,
except share and per share data):
                                                                   
                    Year Ended                                     
                      December                                     
                           31,                                     
                          2023              2022             2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  BASIC EPS                                                        
  Numerator:                                                       
  Net income    $      356,711    $     -192,746    $      35,446  
  (loss)                                                           
  Less:                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to                         —                 —           -3,209  
  convertib…                                                       
  preferred                                                        
  stock                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to options                                                       
  exercises             -1,412                 —             -387  
  by                                                               
  promissory                                                       
  notes                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to                                                               
  unvested                 -23                 —              -95  
  early                                                            
  exercised                                                        
  options                                                          
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to common                                                        
  stock                   -334                 —                —  
  subject to                                                       
  share                                                            
  repurchase                                                       
  agreements                                                       
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to                         —                 —              -52  
  unvested                                                         
  RSA's                                                            
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to Class      $      354,942    $     -192,746    $      31,703  
  A and                                                            
  Class B                                                          
  common                                                           
  stockhold…                                                       
  Denominat…                                                       
  Weighted-…                                                       
  shares                                                           
  used in                                                          
  computing        351,952,187       371,568,011       324,836,0…  
  net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share:                                                           
  Basic                                                            
  Net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share                                                            
  attributa…    $         1.01    $        -0.52    $        0.10  
  to common                                                        
  stock:                                                           
  Basic                                                            
  DILUTED                                                          
  EPS                                                              
  Numerator:                                                       
  Net income    $      356,711    $     -192,746    $      35,446  
  (loss)                                                           
  Less:                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to                         —                 —           -3,058  
  convertib…                                                       
  preferred                                                        
  stock                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to options                                                       
  exercises             -1,371                 —             -369  
  by                                                               
  promissory                                                       
  notes                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to                                                               
  unvested                 -23                 —              -91  
  early                                                            
  exercised                                                        
  options                                                          
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to common                                                        
  stock                   -324                 —                —  
  subject to                                                       
  share                                                            
  repurchase                                                       
  agreements                                                       
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to                         —                 —              -49  
  unvested                                                         
  RSA's                                                            
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to Class      $      354,993    $     -192,746    $      31,879  
  A and                                                            
  Class B                                                          
  common                                                           
  stockhold…                                                       
  Denominat…                                                       
  Weighted-…                                                       
  shares                                                           
  used in                                                          
  computing        351,952,187       371,568,011       324,836,0…  
  net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share:                                                           
  Basic                                                            
  Weighted-…                                                       
  dilutive                                                         
  stock                                                            
  options,          10,637,059                 —       17,927,556  
  RSUs, and                                                        
  convertib…                                                       
  security                                                         
  Weighted-…                                                       
  shares                                                           
  used in                                                          
  computing        362,589,246       371,568,011       342,763,6…  
  net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share:                                                           
  Diluted                                                          
  Net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share                                                            
  attributa…    $         0.98    $        -0.52    $        0.09  
  to common                                                        
  stock:                                                           
  Diluted                                                          
                                                                   
The following table presents the forms of antidilutive potential
common shares:
                                                                   
                            Year Ended                             
                          December 31,                             
                                  2023          2022         2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Stock options                                                    
  exercised for              1,399,999     1,399,999    2,884,999  
  promissory                                                       
  notes                                                            
  Early exercised                3,147        99,372      487,000  
  stock options                                                    
  Unvested RSAs                      —             —      181,737  
  Stock options                115,229    11,315,805            —  
  Unvested RSU               3,340,992    15,616,743      291,093  
  ESPP                           1,917       856,811      246,246  
  Total                                                            
  antidilutive               4,861,284    29,288,730    4,091,075  
  potential common                                                 
  shares                                                           
                                                                   
The table above excludes any unvested PSUs since the related market
conditions had not been met as of December 31, 2023.
                                99                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  13.                                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Income Taxes                                                     
                                                                   
Net income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December
31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, includes the following components (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                         Year Ended                                
                       December 31,                                
                               2023           2022           2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  U.S.            $          14,911    $     8,660    $   193,161  
  Foreign                   365,659       -213,837       -146,850  
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)          $         380,570    $  -205,177    $    46,311  
  before                                                           
  income taxes                                                     
                                                                   
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years ended
December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                          Year Ended                               
                        December 31,                               
                                2023           2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current:                                                         
  Federal          $          46,515    $    74,843    $   64,585  
  State                       12,407         13,548        10,234  
  Foreign                     47,309          1,548         1,914  
                             106,231         89,939        76,733  
  Deferred:                                                        
  Federal                    -65,476        -74,588       -52,162  
  State                       -6,454         -6,718        -2,394  
  Foreign                    -10,442        -20,863       -11,204  
                             -82,372       -102,169       -65,760  
  Total                                                            
  provision for                                                    
  (benefit         $          23,859    $   -12,230    $   10,973  
  from)                                                            
  income taxes.                                                    
                                                                   
The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to the
effective income tax rate is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2023          2022          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax provision                                                    
  (benefit) at      $          79,920    $  -43,034    $    9,725  
  U.S. federal                                                     
  statutory rate                                                   
  State income                                                     
  taxes, net of                -5,259        -1,356         1,866  
  federal                                                          
  benefit                                                          
  Foreign income                                                   
  taxed at                    -39,171        27,114        10,563  
  different                                                        
  rates                                                            
  Global                                                           
  intangible                   19,417         2,917             —  
  low-taxed                                                        
  income                                                           
  Stock-based                  -3,793        22,064        -8,807  
  compensation                                                     
  Capital loss                 -2,121       -14,687             —  
  Foreign-deriv…                                                   
  intangible                  -20,569       -17,667       -10,477  
  income                                                           
  Research and                                                     
  development                 -25,128       -11,803        -6,193  
  credits                                                          
  Foreign income                  919           357        -2,622  
  inclusion                                                        
  Change in                                                        
  valuation                    15,182        21,061        15,905  
  allowance                                                        
  Return to                     3,223        -1,323          -951  
  Provision                                                        
  Other                         1,239         4,127         1,964  
  Total                                                            
  provision for     $          23,859    $  -12,230    $   10,973  
  (benefit from)                                                   
  income taxes                                                     
                                                                   
The Company operates in jurisdictions outside of the US, such as
Singapore, where it has tax incentive arrangements. The Company's
qualifying income earned in Singapore is taxed at reduced rates,
subject to its compliance with the conditions specified in these
incentives and legislative developments. These Singapore tax
incentives are expected to expire in June 2028 which the Company
can affirmatively elect to renew. Before taking into consideration
the effects of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other indirect
tax impacts, the effect of these tax incentives and tax holiday
decreased the provision for income taxes by approximately $
38.0million ($ 0.11per diluted share) for the year ended December
31, 2023.
                                100                                
Table of Contents
The following summarizes the current and deferred tax assets and
liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                 As of December 31,                
  Deferred tax assets:                         2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued expenses and        $              12,558    $    7,139  
  reserves                                                         
  Stock-based compensation                   11,169         7,439  
  Tax credit carryforwards                   22,896        11,474  
  Net operating loss                         24,817        30,144  
  Identified intangibles                     24,284         2,820  
  Operating lease                            10,201        13,884  
  liability                                                        
  Other comprehensive                        24,540        30,186  
  income                                                           
  Foreign tax deduction                       7,560         9,137  
  Capital loss                               17,688        17,125  
  Capitalized R&D expenses                  142,386        78,315  
  Valuation allowance                       -55,822       -40,640  
  Total deferred tax                        242,277       167,023  
  assets                                                           
  Deferred tax                                                     
  liabilities:                                                     
  Depreciation and                           -1,587        -1,976  
  amortization                                                     
  Operating lease                            -6,808       -14,107  
  right-of-use assets                                              
  Other                                      -6,909          -693  
  Total deferred tax                        -15,304       -16,776  
  liabilities                                                      
  Net deferred tax assets     $             226,973    $  150,247  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has federal net
operating loss carryforwards of 8.5million and $ 47.9million,
respectively, to reduce future taxable income. The post-2017 Tax
Act net operating losses are not subject to expiration. As of
December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has federal tax credit
carryforwards of $ 5.1million and $ 1.7million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to
expire in 2039. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has
federal capital loss carryforward of $ 77.1million and $
74.0million, respectively to reduce future capital gains. The
capital loss carryforward will begin to expire in 2026.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has California net
operating loss carryforwards of $ 3.6million and $ 11.1million,
respectively, to reduce future taxable income. The net operating
losses will begin to expire in 2037. As of December 31, 2023 and
2022, the Company has California tax credit carryforwards of
33.3million and $ 17.6million, respectively, to offset future tax
liability. The credit carryforwards are not subject to expiration.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had Texas tax credit
carryforwards of $ 0.5million and $ 0.4million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to
expire in 2040.

As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has foreign net
operating loss carryforwards of $ 140.5million and $ 119.4million,
respectively, to reduce future taxable income, which will begin to
expire in 2026.

The valuation allowance on the Company's net deferred tax assets
increased by $ 15.2million, $ 21.8million, and $ 18.3million during
the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

In assessing the realizability of the Company’s deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
Management’s assessment is based on the weight of available
evidence, including cumulative losses since inception and expected
future losses and as such, management believes it is more likely
than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. As of
December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company maintained a
valuation allowance with respect to certain of its deferred tax
assets relating primarily to certain state tax credits, U.S.
capital losses and operating losses in certain non-U.S.
jurisdictions that we believe are not likely to be realized.

Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 382 places a limitation on the
amount of taxable income that can be offset by net operating loss
carryforwards and tax credits after a greater than 50% change in
control in ownership; California has similar rules. The Company’s
capitalization described herein may have resulted in such a change.
Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject
to annual limitations under IRC Section 382 and similar state
provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of
the net operating loss carryforwards before utilization.

The Company has not provided U.S. income or foreign withholding
taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, because it intends to permanently
reinvest such earnings outside of the U.S. If these foreign
earnings were to be repatriated in the future, the related U.S. tax
liability will be immaterial, due to the participation exemption
put in place in the Tax Act.
                                101                                
Table of Contents

Uncertain Tax Positions
The following table summarizes the activity related to the gross
unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands):
                                                                   
                         As of December                            
                                    31,                            
                                   2023         2022         2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance at                                                       
  beginning of       $           19,052    $  18,456    $  14,401  
  year                                                             
  Increases                                                        
  related to                      3,522            —        5,027  
  prior year                                                       
  positions                                                        
  Decreases                                                        
  related to                          —       -2,837            —  
  prior year                                                       
  positions                                                        
  Increases                                                        
  related to                     13,548        7,083        2,631  
  current year                                                     
  positions                                                        
  Decreases                                                        
  related to                       -242         -758         -172  
  lapse of                                                         
  statutes                                                         
  Decreases                                                        
  related to                          —       -2,892       -3,431  
  settlements                                                      
  Balance at end     $           35,880    $  19,052    $  18,456  
  of year                                                          
                                                                   
Of the unrecognized tax benefits, $ 23.9million and $ 12.9million
represents the amount that if recognized, would favorably affect
the effective income tax rate in 2023 and 2022, respectively. The
Company does not expect a significant change to its unrecognized
tax benefits or recorded liabilities over the next twelve months.
The unrecognized tax benefits may increase or change during the
next year for items that arise in the ordinary course of business.

The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2023, 2022
and 2021, the Company had approximately $ 4.0million, $ 2.6million
and $ 3.6million of interest and penalties, respectively.

The tax return for years 2017 through 2023 remain open to
examination for federal and other major domestic taxing
jurisdictions and for years 2017 through 2023 for other major
foreign jurisdictions.
                                102                                
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  14.                                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Segments and Geographic Information                              
                                                                   
The Company determines its operating segments based on how its CODM
manages the business, allocates resources, makes operating
decisions and evaluates operating performance. Beginning in the
second quarter of 2022, the Company's twooperating and reportable
segments are as follows:

• Software Platform : Software Platform generates revenue primarily
from fees paid by advertisers for the placement of ads on mobile
applications owned by Publishers.

• Apps : Apps generates revenue when a user of one of the Apps
makes an in-app purchase ("IAP Revenue") and when clients purchase
the digital advertising inventory of the Company's portfolio of
Apps ("IAA Revenue").

The CODM evaluates the performance of each operating segment using
revenue and segment adjusted EBITDA. The Company defines segment
adjusted EBITDA as revenue less expenses, excluding depreciation
and amortization and certain items that the Company does not
believe are reflective of the operating segments’ core operations.
Expenses include indirect costs that are allocated to operating
segments based on a reasonable allocation methodology, which are
generally related to sales and marketing activities and general and
administrative overhead. Revenue and expenses exclude transactions
between the Company's operating segments. The CODM does not
evaluate operating segments using asset information, and,
accordingly, the Company does not report asset information by
segment.
The following table provides information about the Company's
reportable segments and a reconciliation of the total segment
adjusted EBITDA to consolidated income (loss) before income taxes
(in thousands). For comparative purposes, amounts in prior periods
have been recast:
                                                                   
                            As of                                  
                     December 31,                                  
  Revenue:                   2023            2022            2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Software       $      1,841,762    $  1,049,167    $    673,952  
  Platform                                                         
  Apps                  1,441,325       1,767,891       2,119,152  
  Total          $      3,283,087    $  2,817,058    $  2,793,104  
  Revenue                                                          
  Segment                                                          
  Adjusted                                                         
  EBITDA:                                                          
  Software       $      1,275,705    $    808,415    $    457,302  
  Platform                                                         
  Apps                    226,953         254,795         269,512  
  Total                                                            
  Segment        $      1,502,658    $  1,063,210    $    726,814  
  Adjusted                                                         
  EBITDA                                                           
  Interest                                                         
  expense and                                                      
  loss on        $       -275,665    $   -171,863    $   -103,170  
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other                                                            
  income                    7,831          18,647           7,545  
  (expense),                                                       
  net                                                              
  Amortizati…                                                      
  depreciati…            -489,008        -547,084        -431,063  
  and                                                              
  write-offs                                                       
  Impairment                                                       
  and loss on                                                      
  disposal of                   —        -127,892               —  
  long-lived                                                       
  assets                                                           
  Non-operat…                                                      
  foreign                   1,224             164           1,537  
  exchange                                                         
  gain                                                             
  Stock-based            -363,107        -191,612        -135,468  
  compensati…                                                      
  Acquisitio…                                                      
  expense and              -1,047         -21,279         -16,887  
  transaction                                                      
  bonus                                                            
  Publisher                     —        -209,635          -3,227  
  bonuses                                                          
  MoPub                                                            
  acquisition                   —          -6,999               —  
  transition                                                       
  services                                                         
  Restructur…              -2,316         -10,834               —  
  costs                                                            
  Change in                                                        
  fair value                                                       
  of                            —               —             230  
  contingent                                                       
  considerat…                                                      
  Income                                                           
  (loss)                                                           
  before         $        380,570    $   -205,177    $     46,311  
  provision                                                        
  for tax                                                          
                                                                   
The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area
which consist of property and equipment, net (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                  As of December 31,               
                                                2023         2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                $              47,612    $  25,548  
  Germany                                     79,863       32,044  
  Netherlands                                 45,307       20,629  
  All other countries                            549          322  
  Total property and           $             173,331    $  78,543  
  equipment, net                                                   
                                                                   
For information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see
Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.
                                103                                
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  15.                                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Restructuring                                                    
                                                                   
In 2022, the Company undertook certain workforce reduction measures
and recorded a total restructuring charge of $ 10.8million
comprising primarily of one-time termination benefits.
                                                                   
  16.                                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Related Party                                                    
                                                                   
KKR Capital Markets, an affiliate of KKR Denali, acted as a joint
lead arranger and joint bookrunner for the Credit Agreement. KKR
Denali is also one of the Company’s principal stockholders. In
2023, 2022 and 2021 , the Company paid KKR Capital Markets fees of
$ 1.2million, niland $ 2.3million, respectively, for services
rendered in connection with the Credit Agreement.

In March 2021, the Company borrowed $ 250.0million under the
Revolving Credit Facility (together, the "Revolving Credit Loans").
A lender of the Revolving Credit Loans is an affiliate of KKR
Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. The Company repaid
such Revolving Credit Loans in full with the net proceeds from the
IPO in April 2021.

In December 2021, the Company completed a secondary offering of
7,500,000shares of its Class A common stock, at a price of $
83.00per share, with all shares offered by certain of the Company's
stockholders, including KKR Denali. The Company made a payment of $
5.0million to KKR Capital Markets in connection with the secondary
offering.

In December 2019, the Company purchased 2,475,000shares and
300,000shares of the Company’s Class A common stock from the
Company’s chief executive officer and from a Company’s Board
member, respectively. The chief executive officer is also the
Company’s principal stockholder. The fair value of the purchased
shares was $ 14.0million. The purchase of shares was paid through
the issuance of twounsecured 5-year promissory notes with the
principal amount of $ 10.0million and $ 1.2million, respectively.
The promissory notes are redeemable upon the earlier of maturity,
(ii) immediately prior to an acquisition of the Company as defined
in the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, or (iii) immediately
prior to the Company’s filing an S-1 with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate
of 2% per annum paid annually. Both promissory notes were recorded
in other non-current liabilities at the aggregated initial fair
value of $ 9.1million representing a discount of 19% to its
principal amount and resulting in a purchase of the Company’s
common stock shares below its fair value. The discount is amortized
over a period of five yearsunder the effective interest method with
amortization expense included in interest expense. The shares of
the Company’s Class A common stock purchased in exchange for the
issuance of the promissory note were added to the pool of shares
available for the grant under the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan. The Company recorded the difference between fair value of the
shares purchased and the fair value of promissory notes as an
increase to additional paid-in capital. In December 2021, the
Company repaid both promissory notes and recognized a loss on debt
extinguishment of $ 1.4million based on the difference between the
$ 11.7million repayment amount and the carrying value of such
promissory notes on the settlement date. The interest expense
recognized on this note was not material for the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020.

In May 2023, the Company repurchased 15,952,381shares of its Class
A common stock from KKR Denali Holdings L.P. ("KKR Denali") in a
private transaction at a price per share equal to $ 21.00, for an
aggregate purchase price of $ 335.0million under the Company's
share repurchase program. In August 2023, the Company repurchased
15,000,000shares of its Class A common stock from KKR Denali in a
private transaction at a price per share equal to $ 36.85, for an
aggregate purchase price of $ 552.8million under the Company's
share repurchase program.

The Company published a mobile game app developed by a mobile game
developer owned by a member of the Company's Board under a game
assignment and revenue share agreement entered into in October
2020. The Company made payments to the mobile game developer under
this agreement of $ 0.7million during the year ended December 31,
2021. Payments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 were
not material.
                                                                   
  17.                                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Subsequent Events                                                
                                                                   
In February 2024, the Company's Board authorized an increase to the
repurchase program of $ 1.250billion, such that up to $
1.252billion of Class A common stock may be repurchased.

On February 14, 2024, the Company agreed to invest $ 50million in
the Series C preferred stock financing of Humans, Inc., the
developer of the Flip Shop social shopping app ("Flip Shop"). The
Series C financing was led by an existing investor in Flip Shop.
Eduardo Vivas, a member of the Company’s Board of Directors, is
expected to become the Chief Operating Officer of Flip Shop, and
will serve as a member of their board of directors. On a post-
investment basis, the Company will hold approximately 4.1% of fully
diluted outstanding shares of Flip Shop. On February 14, 2024, Flip
Shop entered into a commercial agreement with the Company related
to Flip Shop's use of the Company's AXON technology.
                                104                                
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on       │
│  Accounting and Financial Disclosure                            │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                               │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                 
                                                                   
Our management, with the participation and supervision of our
principal executive officer and our principal financial officer,
has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded
that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2023.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.

Our management, under the supervision of our principal executive
officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2023 based on the framework in Internal Control-
Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation,
management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2023.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2023 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP,
an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in
their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting identified in management’s evaluation pursuant to Rules
13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter
ended December 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures

Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of
achieving their desired objectives. Management does not expect,
however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our
internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect
all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions, and can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its
objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud
will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud,
if any, within our company have been detected.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 9B. Other Information                                     │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
a. Appointment of Barbara Messing to the Board of Directors

On February 23, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company
appointed Barbara Messing to the Board of Directors, effective
March 1, 2024. In addition, Ms. Messing was appointed as a member
of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board
of Directors, effective March 1, 2024.

Ms. Messing, 52, most recently served as Chief Marketing &
Communications Officer of Roblox, an immersive platform for
connection and communication, from August 2020 to December 2023.
From August 2018 to August 2019, Ms. Messing served as Senior Vice
President, Chief Marketing Officer of Walmart US. Between February
2011 and April 2018, Ms. Messing served as Vice President and Chief
Marketing Officer, and later Senior Vice President and Chief
Marketing Officer, for TripAdvisor, Inc., an online travel company.
Between April 2002 and February 2011, she served in a number of
management positions at Hotwire.com, an Internet-based travel
agency, including Vice President of Customer Experience and Vice
President and General Manager, Travel Ticker. Ms. Messing currently
serves on the board of Vacasa, a publicly traded company with a
leading platform for vacation rental management. She previously
served on the board of directors of Overstock.com, Inc., a publicly
traded internet retailer, and the board of directors of publicly
traded XO Group, Inc., which merged with WeddingWire in December
2018. Ms. Messing received her B.A. from Northwestern University
and her J.D. from Stanford Law School.

There are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. Messing, on
the one hand, and the Company or any other persons, on the other
hand, pursuant to which Ms. Messing was selected as a director.
There are no related party transactions between the Company and Ms.
Messing (or any of her immediate family members) requiring
disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Ms. Messing does
not have any family relationships with any of the Company’s
directors or executive officers.

Ms. Messing will receive the standard compensation available to the
Company’s non-employee directors pursuant to the Company’s outside
director compensation policy, which has been filed as Exhibit 10.7
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the Company will
enter into its standard form of indemnification agreement with Ms.
Messing.
                                105                                
Table of Contents

b. Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers

On December 8, 2023, Katie Jansen, our Chief Marketing Officer,
entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading planproviding for the potential
sale of the net shares (after withholding taxes) of our Class A
common stock issuable upon vesting and settlement of 110,321RSUs
granted to Ms. Jansen prior to the adoption of the trading plan.
The trading plan is scheduled to be effective until November 30,
2024, or earlier if all transactions under the trading plan are
completed. The trading plan is intended to satisfy the affirmative
defense in Rule 10b5-1(c).
On November 2, 2023, Basil Shikin, our Chief Technology Officer,
terminateda Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which was previously adopted
on March 14, 2023and intended to satisfy the affirmative defense in
Rule 10b5-1(c). The terminated trading plan provided for the
potential sale of up to an aggregate of 120,000shares of our Class
A common stock issuable upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs
granted to Mr. Shikin. The terminated trading plan was scheduled to
be effective from June 13, 2023 until February 23, 2024, or earlier
if all transactions under the trading plan were completed.
In our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending
September 30, 2023, we reported that Herald Chen, our then
President, Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of
directors, terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which he
previously adopted on June 14, 2023, that was intended to satisfy
the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c) (the "Chen Plan").
However, the Chen Plan was not terminated during that reporting
period. On December 14, 2023,Mr. Chen, modifiedthe Chen Plan, which
originally provided for the potential sale of up to an aggregate of
1,200,000shares of our Class A common stock held by Mr. Chen and
was scheduled to be effective from January 1, 2024 until December
31, 2025, or earlier if all transactions under the trading plan
were completed. Under the terms of the modification, which did not
change the aggregate number of shares subject to potential sale
under the plan, the earliest trading date was changed from January
1, 2024 to March 13, 2024 and the end date remains December 31,
2025. As of this Annual Report, Mr. Chen has not sold any shares of
our Class A common stock under the original Chen Plan or modified
Chen Plan. The modified trading plan is intended to satisfy the
affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c).
No other directors or officers adoptedor terminateda Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as
defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) during the quarterly
period covered by this report.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that       │
│  Prevent Inspections                                            │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
                                106                                
Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                 ║
║                            Part III                             ║
║                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate           │
│  Governance                                                     │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the definitive proxy statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC, no later than 120
days after December 31, 2023 (the “Proxy Statement”).
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 11. Executive Compensation                                │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and    │
│  Management and Related Stockholder Matters                     │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party               │
│  Transactions, and Director Independence                        │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the Proxy Statement.
                                107                                
Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                 ║
║                             Part IV                             ║
║                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules             │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Documents filed as part of this report are as follows:

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements: the Company's consolidated
financial statements are listed in the “Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements” under Part II, Item 8 of this report.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules
have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required
information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or
Notes thereto.

(3) Exhibits: The documents listed below are incorporated by
reference or are filed with this report, in each case as indicated
therein.
                                                                   
                           EXHIBIT INDEX                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                        Inform…                                    
                        Incorp…                                    
                        by                                         
                        Refere…                                    
  Exhib…    Exhibit     Form       File No.    Exhibit    Filing   
  Number    Title                                         Date     
            Amended                                                
            and                                                    
            Restated                                               
            Share                                                  
            Purchase                                               
            Agreeme…                                               
            by and                                                 
            among                                                  
            the                                                    
            registr…                                               
            AppLovin                                               
            Active                                                 
            Holding…                                               
            LLC,                                                   
            adjust                                                 
            GmbH,                                         April    
  2.2#      the         S-1/A      333-253…        2.2    7, 2021  
            shareho…                                               
            of                                                     
            adjust                                                 
            GmbH,                                                  
            and                                                    
            Spree                                                  
            Eternity                                               
            GmbH,                                                  
            dated as                                               
            of March                                               
            12,                                                    
            2021, as                                               
            amended                                                
            on March                                               
            30,                                                    
            2021.                                                  
            Amended                                                
            and                                                    
            Restated                                      March    
  3.1       Certifi…    S-1/A      333-253…        3.2    22,      
            of                                            2021     
            Incorpo…                                               
            of the                                                 
            registr…                                               
            Certifi…                                               
            of                                                     
            Change                                                 
            of                                                     
            Location                                      June     
  3.2       of          8-K        001-403…        3.1    15,      
            Registe…                                      2021     
            Agent                                                  
            and/or                                                 
            Registe…                                               
            office.                                                
            Amended                                                
            and                                                    
  3.3       Restated    8-K        001-403…        3.1    Februa…  
            Bylaws                                        6, 2023  
            of the                                                 
            registr…                                               
            Form of                                                
            Class A                                                
            common                                        March    
  4.1       stock       S-1        333-253…        4.1    2, 2021  
            certifi…                                               
            of the                                                 
            registr…                                               
            Investo…                                               
            Rights                                                 
            Agreeme…                                               
            among                                                  
            the                                                    
            registr…                                               
            and                                                    
            certain                                       March    
  4.2       holders     S-1/A      333-253…        4.2    22,      
            of its                                        2021     
            capital                                                
            stock,                                                 
            dated as                                               
            of                                                     
            August                                                 
            15,                                                    
            2018, as                                               
            amended.                                               
            Form of                                                
            Warrant                                                
            to                                            March    
  4.3       Purchase    S-1        333-253…        4.3    2, 2021  
            Class A                                                
            Common                                                 
            Stock.                                                 
            Descrip…                                      Februa…  
  4.4       of          10-K       001-403…        4.4    28,      
            Capital                                       2023     
            Stock.                                                 
            Form of                                                
            Indemni…                                               
            Agreeme…                                               
            between                                                
            the                                                    
  10.1+     registr…    S-1        333-253…       10.1    March    
            and each                                      2, 2021  
            of its                                                 
            directo…                                               
            and                                                    
            executi…                                               
            officer…                                               
            AppLovin                                               
            Corpora…                                               
            2011                                                   
            Equity                                        March    
  10.2+     Incenti…    S-1        333-253…       10.2    2, 2021  
            Plan and                                               
            related                                                
            form                                                   
            agreeme…                                               
            AppLovin                                               
            Corpora…                                               
            2021                                                   
            Equity                                        March    
  10.3+     Incenti…    S-1/A      333-253…       10.3    22,      
            Plan and                                      2021     
            related                                                
            form                                                   
            agreeme…                                               
                                                                   
                                108                                
Table of Contents
                                                                   
           AppLovin                                                
           Corporat…                                               
           2021                                         March 22,  
  10.4+    Executive    S-1/A    333-253800     10.4    2021       
           Incentive                                               
           Compensa…                                               
           Plan.                                                   
           AppLovin                                                
           Corporat…                                               
           2021                                                    
           Employee                                                
  10.5+    Stock        S-1/A    333-253800     10.5    March 22,  
           Purchase                                     2021       
           Plan and                                                
           related                                                 
           form                                                    
           agreemen…                                               
           Amended                                                 
           and                                                     
           Restated                                                
           AppLovin                                                
           Corporat…                                               
           2021                                         February   
  10.6     Partner      10-K     001-40325      10.6    28, 2023   
           Studio                                                  
           Incentive                                               
           Plan and                                                
           related                                                 
           form                                                    
           agreemen…                                               
           AppLovin                                                
           Corporat…                                               
           Outside                                                 
           Director                                                
  10.7+    Compensa…                                               
           Policy,                                                 
           amended                                                 
           June30,                                                 
           2023.                                                   
           Executive                                               
           Change in                                               
           Control                                                 
           and                                          March 22,  
  10.8+    Severance    S-1/A    333-253800     10.8    2021       
           Plan and                                                
           Summary                                                 
           Plan                                                    
           Descript…                                               
           Form of                                                 
           Confirma…                                               
           Employme…                                               
           Letter                                                  
           between                                      March 2,   
  10.9+    the          S-1      333-253800     10.7    2021       
           registra…                                               
           and each                                                
           of its                                                  
           executive                                               
           officers.                                               
           Amended                                                 
           and                                                     
           Restated                                                
           Sublease,                                               
           by and                                                  
           between                                                 
           1050 Page                                               
  10.10    Mill Road    S-1      333-253800     10.8    March 2,   
           Property,                                    2021       
           LLC and                                                 
           AppLovin                                                
           Corporat…                                               
           dated as                                                
           of                                                      
           February                                                
           18, 2021.                                               
           Credit                                                  
           Agreemen…                                               
           by and                                                  
           between                                                 
           the                                                     
           registra…                                               
           the                                                     
           lenders                                                 
           from time                                               
           to time                                                 
  10.11    thereto      S-1      333-253800     10.9    March 2,   
           and Bank                                     2021       
           of                                                      
           America,                                                
           N.A., as                                                
           administ…                                               
           agent and                                               
           collater…                                               
           agent,                                                  
           dated                                                   
           August                                                  
           15, 2018.                                               
           Amendment                                               
           No. 1 to                                                
           Credit                                                  
           Agreemen…                                               
           by and                                                  
           between                                                 
           the                                                     
           registra…                                               
           the                                                     
           lenders                                                 
           from time                                               
  10.12    to time      S-1      333-253800    10.10    March 2,   
           thereto                                      2021       
           and Bank                                                
           of                                                      
           America,                                                
           N.A., as                                                
           administ…                                               
           agent and                                               
           collater…                                               
           agent,                                                  
           dated                                                   
           April 23,                                               
           2019.                                                   
           Amendment                                               
           No. 2 to                                                
           Credit                                                  
           Agreemen…                                               
           by and                                                  
           between                                                 
           the                                                     
           registra…                                               
           the                                                     
           lenders                                                 
           from time                                               
  10.13    to time      S-1      333-253800    10.11    March 2,   
           thereto                                      2021       
           and Bank                                                
           of                                                      
           America,                                                
           N.A., as                                                
           administ…                                               
           agent and                                               
           collater…                                               
           agent,                                                  
           dated                                                   
           April 27,                                               
           2020.                                                   
           Amendment                                               
           No. 3 to                                                
           Credit                                                  
           Agreemen…                                               
           by and                                                  
           between                                                 
           the                                                     
           registra…                                               
           the                                                     
           lenders                                                 
           from time                                    March 2,   
  10.14    to time      S-1      333-253800    10.12    2021       
           thereto                                                 
           and Bank                                                
           of                                                      
           America,                                                
           N.A., as                                                
           administ…                                               
           agent and                                               
           collater…                                               
           agent,                                                  
           dated May                                               
           6, 2020.                                                
           Amendment                                               
           No. 4 to                                                
           Credit                                                  
           Agreemen…                                               
           by and                                                  
           between                                                 
           the                                                     
           registra…                                               
           the                                                     
           lenders                                                 
           from time                                               
  10.15    to time      S-1      333-253800    10.13    March 2,   
           thereto                                      2021       
           and Bank                                                
           of                                                      
           America,                                                
           N.A., as                                                
           administ…                                               
           agent and                                               
           collater…                                               
           agent,                                                  
           dated                                                   
           October                                                 
           27, 2020.                                               
           Amendment                                               
           No. 5 to                                                
           Credit                                                  
           Agreemen…                                               
           by and                                                  
           between                                                 
           the                                                     
           registra…                                               
           the                                                     
           lenders                                                 
           from time                                               
  10.16    to time      S-1/A    333-253800    10.16    March 22,  
           thereto                                      2021       
           and Bank                                                
           of                                                      
           America,                                                
           N.A., as                                                
           administ…                                               
           agent and                                               
           collater…                                               
           agent,                                                  
           dated                                                   
           February                                                
           12, 2021.                                               
                                                                   
                                109                                
Table of Contents
                                                                   
            Amendment                                              
            No. 6 to                                               
            Credit                                                 
            Agreemen…                                              
            by and                                                 
            between                                                
            the                                                    
            registra…                                              
            the                                                    
            lenders                                                
            from time                                              
  10.17     to time      8-K      001-40325     10.1    October    
            there to                                    29, 2021   
            and Bank                                               
            of                                                     
            America,                                               
            N.A., as                                               
            administ…                                              
            agent and                                              
            collater…                                              
            agent,                                                 
            dated                                                  
            October                                                
            25, 2021.                                              
            Amendment                                              
            No. 7 to                                               
            Credit                                                 
            Agreemen…                                              
            by and                                                 
            between                                                
            the                                                    
            registra…                                              
            the                                                    
            lenders                                                
            from time                                              
  10.18     to time      10-Q     001-40325     10.2    May 10,    
            there to                                    2023       
            and Bank                                               
            of                                                     
            America,                                               
            N.A., as                                               
            administ…                                              
            agent and                                              
            collater…                                              
            agent,                                                 
            dated                                                  
            January                                                
            3, 2023.                                               
            Amendment                                              
            No. 8 to                                               
            Credit                                                 
            Agreemen…                                              
            by and                                                 
            between                                                
            the                                                    
            registra…                                              
            the                                                    
            lenders                                                
            from time                                              
            to time                                                
            thereto,                                    June 12,   
  10.19     Bank of      8-K      001-40325     10.1    2023       
            America,                                               
            N.A., as                                               
            administ…                                              
            agent and                                              
            collater…                                              
            agent,                                                 
            and the                                                
            other                                                  
            parties                                                
            thereto,                                               
            dated                                                  
            June 12,                                               
            2023.                                                  
            Amendment                                              
            No. 9 to                                               
            Credit                                                 
            Agreemen…                                              
            by and                                                 
            between                                                
            the                                                    
            registra…                                              
            the                                                    
            lenders                                                
            from time                                              
            to time                                                
            thereto,                                    August     
  10.2      Bank of      8-K      001-40325     10.1    18, 2023   
            America,                                               
            N.A., as                                               
            administ…                                              
            agent and                                              
            collater…                                              
            agent,                                                 
            and the                                                
            other                                                  
            parties                                                
            thereto,                                               
            dated                                                  
            August                                                 
            18, 2023.                                              
            Equity                                                 
            Exchange                                               
            Agreement                                              
            between                                                
            the                                                    
  10.21+    registra…    S-1/A    333-2538…    10.18    March 22,  
            and                                         2021       
            Herald                                                 
            Chen,                                                  
            dated                                                  
            March 16,                                              
            2021.                                                  
            Director                                               
            Nominati…                                              
            Agreement                                              
            between                                                
            the                                                    
            registra…                                   March 22,  
  10.22     and KKR      S-1/A    333-2538…    10.19    2021       
            Denali                                                 
            Holdings                                               
            L.P.,                                                  
            dated                                                  
            March 16,                                              
            2021.                                                  
            Form of                                                
            Performa…                                   March 13,  
  10.23     Restrict…    8-K      001-40325     10.1    2023       
            Stock                                                  
            UnitAgre…                                              
            Share                                                  
            Repurcha…                                   May 17,    
  10.24     Agreemen…    8-K      001-40325     10.1    2023       
            dated May                                              
            17, 2023.                                              
            Share                                                  
            Repurcha…                                              
  10.25     Agreemen…    8-K      001-40325     10.1    August     
            dated                                       21, 2023   
            August                                                 
            21, 2023.                                              
            Consulti…                                              
            Services                                               
            Agreement                                              
            between                                                
            the                                                    
  10.26+    registra…                                              
            and                                                    
            Herald                                                 
            Chen,                                                  
            dated                                                  
            December…                                              
            2023.                                                  
            List of                                                
  21.1      subsidia…                                              
            of the                                                 
            registra…                                              
            Consent                                                
            of                                                     
            Deloitte                                               
            & Touche                                               
  23.1      LLP,                                                   
            Independ…                                              
            Register…                                              
            Public                                                 
            Accounti…                                              
            Firm.                                                  
            Power of                                               
            Attorney                                               
            (included                                              
  24.1      on                                                     
            signature                                              
            page                                                   
            hereto).                                               
            Certific…                                              
            of                                                     
            Principal                                              
            Executive                                              
            Officer                                                
            pursuant                                               
            to                                                     
            Exchange                                               
            Act Rules                                              
            13a-14(a)                                              
  31.1      and                                                    
            15d-14(a…                                              
            as                                                     
            adopted                                                
            pursuant                                               
            to                                                     
            Section                                                
            302 of                                                 
            the                                                    
            Sarbanes…                                              
            Act of                                                 
            2002.                                                  
                                                                   
                                110                                
Table of Contents
                                                                   
           Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant   
  31.2     to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as       
           adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley   
           Act of 2002.                                            
           Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and       
  32.1†    Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.       
           Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of     
           the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                         
  97.1     Compensation Recovery Policy.                           
           The following financial statements from the Company’s   
           Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December  
           31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i)  Consolidated   
           Balance Sheets, (ii)  Consolidated Statements of        
  101      Operations, (iii)  Consolidated Statements of           
           Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Consolidated          
           Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and    
           Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit), (v) Consolidated        
           Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to             
           Consolidated Financial Statements.                      
  104      Cover Page Interactive Data File (contained in Exhibit  
           101).                                                   
                                                                   
                                                            
  +    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  
                                                            
                                                                   
       Certain exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been    
       omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2).   
  #    We agree to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted    
       exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange       
       Commission upon its request.                                
                                                                   
† The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of AppLovin Corporation
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any
general incorporation language contained in such filing.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary                                     │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
                                111                                
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  SIGNATURES                                                       
                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                   
  Date: February 26,    APPLOVIN                                   
  2024                  CORPORATION                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                        By:                   /s/ Adam Foroughi    
                                              Adam Foroughi        
                                              Chief Executive      
                                              Officer              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  POWER OF ATTORNEY                                                
                                                                   
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Adam Foroughi,
Matthew Stumpf and Victoria Valenzuela, and each one of them, as
their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power
of substitution and resubstitution, for them and in their name,
place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the
same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting
unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as
fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in
person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-
fact and agents or any of them, or their substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.
                                                                   
                         Title                                     
                         Chief Executive                           
                         Officer and                               
  Signature              Chairperson                               
  /s/ Adam Foroughi      (Principal             Date               
  Adam Foroughi          Executive Officer)     February 26, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Matthew Stumpf     Chief Financial                           
                         Officer                                   
  Matthew Stumpf         -Principal             February 26, 2024  
                         Financial Officer                         
  /s/ Dmitriy Dorosh     Vice President,                           
                         Controller                                
  Dmitriy Dorosh         -Principal             February 26, 2024  
                         Accounting Officer                        
  /s/ Craig Billings     Director               February 26, 2024  
  Craig Billings                                                   
  /s/ Herald Chen        Director               February 26, 2024  
  Herald Chen                                                      
  /s/ Margaret           Director               February 26, 2024  
  Georgiadis                                                       
  Margaret Georgiadis                                              
                                                                   
                                                             
  /s/ Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                   
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson        Director    February 26, 2024  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Todd Morgenfeld                                        
  Todd Morgenfeld             Director    February 26, 2024  
  /s/ Edward Oberwager                                       
  Edward Oberwager            Director    February 26, 2024  
  /s/ Eduardo Vivas                                          
  Eduardo Vivas               Director    February 26, 2024  
                                                             
                                112                                
