                                                                   
                           UNITED STATES                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                      Washington, D.C. 20549                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                             FORM 10-K                             
                                                                   
(Mark One)
                                                                   
  ☒    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE        
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
            For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024            
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                OR                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  ☐    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE    
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
                   For transition period from to                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                 Commission File Number 001-40325                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       
                                                         
  Delaware                           45-3264542          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                                                   
                        1100 Page Mill Road                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
                    Palo Alto, California 94304                    
                                                                   
(Address of registrant's principal executive offices, including zip
                               code)                               
                                                                   
                          ( 800) 839-9646                          
                                                                   
       (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)        
    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:    
                                                                   
  Title of each class     Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange  
                                            on which registered    
  Class A common                                                   
  stock, par value        APP               The Nasdaq Stock       
  $0.00003                                  Market LLC             
  per share                                                        
                                                                   
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐
No☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a
smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the
definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the
registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an
error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are
restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers
during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the registrant’s voting and non-
voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on
June 28, 2024, the last business day of its most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was $ 23.7billion based on the closing sales
price of the registrant’s Class A common stock on that date. Shares
of the registrant's Class A common stock and Class B common stock
held by each executive officer and director and by each person who
may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been
excluded from this computation. This determination of affiliate
status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other
purposes.

As of February 24, 2025, the number of shares of the registrant's
Class A common stock outstanding was 309,269,690and the number of
shares of the registrant's Class B common stock outstanding was
30,688,541. No shares of the registrant’s Class C common stock were
outstanding as of February 24, 2025.
                                                                   
                DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE                
                                                                   
Portions of the registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement for the
2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated.
Such Definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the
registrant’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                         Table of Contents                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                             Page  
  Part I                                                        2  
  Item 1.       Business                                        2  
  Item 1A.      Risk Factors                                    9  
  Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments                      40  
  Item 1C.      Cybersecurity                                  40  
  Item 2.       Properties                                     41  
  Item 3.       Legal Proceedings                              41  
  Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures                        41  
  Part II                                                      41  
                Market for Registrant's Common Equity,             
  Item 5.       Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer         41  
                Purchases of Equity Securities                     
  Item 6.       [Reserved]                                     43  
                Management's Discussion and Analysis of            
  Item 7.       Financial Condition and Results of             43  
                Operations                                         
  Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures       56  
                About Market Risk                                  
  Item 8.       Financial Statements and Supplementary         57  
                Data                                               
                Changes in and Disagreements With                  
  Item 9.       Accountants on Accounting and Financial        91  
                Disclosure                                         
  Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures                        91  
  Item 9B.      Other Information                              91  
  Item 9C.      Disclosure Regarding Foreign                   92  
                Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections             
  Part III                                                     93  
  Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and              93  
                Corporate Governance                               
  Item 11.      Executive Compensation                         93  
                Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial           
  Item 12.      Owner and Management and Related               93  
                Stockholder Matters                                
  Item 13.      Certain Relationship and Related               93  
                Transactions, and Director Independence            
  Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services         93  
  Part IV                                                      94  
  Item 15.      Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules      94  
  Item 16.      Form 10-K Summary                              96  
  Signatures                                                   97  
                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                            
                                                                   
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements
involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements generally relate to future events or our future
financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements because they contain words such as
“may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,”
“intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative
of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern
our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include
statements about:

• our future financial performance, including our expectations
regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, and operating expenses, and
our ability to achieve or maintain future profitability;

• the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our
liquidity needs;

• our ability to maintain the security and availability of our
Advertising solutions and Apps;

• our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing
laws and regulations, including with respect to taxation, privacy,
data protection and AI;

• our proposed sale of our mobile gaming business;

• our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel;

• our ability to comply with evolving changes in the data
protection, privacy and regulatory landscape applicable to our
businesses;

• our expectations regarding the macroeconomic environment,
inflation and high interest rates, uncertainty in the global
banking and financial services markets, political uncertainty and
international conflicts around the world;
• our ability to successfully expand our AI capabilities to support
the further development of our Advertising solutions, including our
advertising recommendation engine, AXON;
• our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual
property;

• our ability to manage risk associated with our business;

• the demand for our Advertising solutions and Apps business;

• our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;

• our ability to attract and retain clients and users, including in
new markets such as e-commerce;

• our ability to develop new products, features, and enhancements
for our Advertising solutions and to launch or acquire new AppLovin
Apps and successfully monetize them;

• our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in
existing and new markets and offerings;

• our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and
assets and to expand and diversify our operations through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships;

• our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;

• our expectations and management of future growth;
• our expectations regarding our share repurchase program,
including future amounts available for repurchase; and
• our ability to develop and protect our brand.

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions
of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our
current expectations and projections about future events and trends
that we believe may affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events
described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks,
uncertainties, and other factors, including those described in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and
rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge
from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all
risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-
looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We
cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances
reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or
occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.
                                 1                                 
Table of Contents

Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the
accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking
statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on
which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update
any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form
10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the
occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We
may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations
disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not
place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our
forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of
any future acquisitions, partnerships, mergers, dispositions, joint
ventures, or investments we may make.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements
reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such
information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such
information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should
not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive
inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and
investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                 ║
║                             Part I                              ║
║                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 1. Business                                               │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our mission is to create meaningful connections between companies
and their ideal customers. We provide end-to-end artificial
intelligence-powered ("AI") advertising solutions for businesses to
reach, monetize and grow their global audience ("Advertising"). We
also operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps (“Apps”). Our scaled
business model is intricately linked to the advertising ecosystem,
providing a durable competitive advantage. We generate revenue when
our advertisers achieve their return on spend targets with our
Advertising solutions, ensuring that their success directly fuels
our growth.

AppLovin is critical to the success of advertisers and publishers
seeking to solve marketing and monetization challenges. Through our
technologies and scaled distribution, advertisers are able to
better place content so that it is discovered by the right
audience, manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing
investments, and improve the monetization of their content, and
publishers are able to better monetize their gaming apps. Our
Advertising solutions include a comprehensive suite of tools
including:

• AppDiscovery, our user acquisition solution, is the cornerstone
of our Advertising solutions. AppDiscovery is powered by AXON, our
AI-powered advertising engine, and matches advertiser demand with
publisher supply through auctions at vast scale and at microsecond-
level speeds.

• MAX is our monetization solution, utilizing an advanced in-app
bidding technology that optimizes the value of a publisher’s
advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive auction,
driving more competition, and higher returns for publishers.

• Adjust is our measurement and analytics marketing platform which
provides marketers with the visibility, insights, and data needed
to scale their apps marketing and drive more informed results.

• Wurl is our connected TV ("CTV") platform that both distributes
streaming video for content companies and provides advanced
advertising and publishing solutions to attract viewers and
maximize revenue.

We generate our revenue from Advertising and our Apps. As more
advertisers use our Advertising solutions to market and monetize
their content, we gain access to more data regarding users and user
engagement 1 , further strengthening our scaled distribution. As
our distribution grows, we gain better insights for our AXON
recommendation engine, which then further enhances the efficiency
and effectiveness of our Advertising solutions. Our Apps consist of
a globally diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-play mobile
games across five genres, run by ten studios, some of which we own
and others that we partner with. Our studios generally focus on the
development of easy to learn and play games, which appeal to a
broad range of demographics, but our portfolio also includes
several games for other genres.

We report our operating results through two reportable segments:
Advertising and Apps. These segments align with how our Chief
Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") allocates resources, makes
operating decisions, and manages and assesses the performance of
our business. For the amount of revenue derived from our two
segments and other relevant data for the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022, as well as other additional information, see
Note 14 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Advertising                                             
                                                                   
Our comprehensive, end-to-end Advertising solutions deliver value
by helping companies scale their businesses and maximize their
revenue. Specifically, our solutions enable advertisers to automate
their marketing, engagement, and monetization efforts in three core
ways. First, we provide marketing technology that allows
advertisers to reach more of the most suitable users with
personalized content in order to increase the number of users who
download and engage with their content. Second, we provide
advertisers with monetization and analytics technology to maximize
the value of their advertising inventory
1 Adjust’s marketing platform is operated by our wholly-owned
subsidiary and data generated by Adjust's services is not shared
with AppLovin or incorporated into or used to optimize its
recommendation engine or other technologies.
                                 2                                 
Table of Contents

by obtaining a high price for each impression. Third, we provide
developers, who are often also advertisers, a set of capabilities
to optimize their apps and help streamline their businesses.
Additionally, we have entered the CTV advertising market with the
integration of Wurl.

Our Advertising solutions also enable publishers to leverage real-
time auctions that optimize the value for each impression, while
simultaneously enabling them to attain an attractive value for each
of the impressions from their advertising inventory. When these
mutually reinforcing elements are combined, it creates a robust and
successful marketing and monetization engine that both sells
attractive advertising inventory to advertisers while monetizing it
for publishers.

Our Advertising solutions are delivered through an integrated and
seamless user interface, which provides the following benefits to
advertisers:

• Reach and attract users at scale: We provide advertisers with
access to approximately 1.6 billion daily active users 2 , enabling
developers to target and find the right users for their content
worldwide. Advertisers are able to set their user acquisition and
revenue goals to target the most relevant, highest value users.

• Maximize monetization of engagement: Advertisers use MAX to
generate incremental revenue by maximizing the monetization of
their ad inventory. Our tools operate at microsecond-level speeds
and at vast scale to enhance monetization for developers while
preserving the end user experience.

• Leverage proprietary data and insights: Advertisers benefit from
accessing comprehensive real-time insights through our customized
user dashboards, helping them optimize campaigns, improve user
engagement, and manage their return on investment.

• Automate time consuming and manual processes: Our Advertising
solutions automate marketing and monetization, allowing advertisers
to focus on improving their content rather than managing complex
go-to-market processes manually.

• Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation: Our technology is
regularly updated as the advertising ecosystem evolves. Advertisers
benefit from this ongoing advancement and optimization and are able
to rapidly adapt to industry changes in marketing and monetization
without losing focus on content creation.

Our Advertising solutions are primarily made up of four key
products: AppDiscovery, MAX, Adjust, and Wurl.
                                                                   
  AppDiscovery                                                     
                                                                   
AppDiscovery is a suite of marketing solutions that enables
developers to automate, optimize, and manage their marketing
efforts. AppDiscovery is powered by AXON's predictive algorithms to
enable advertisers to match their apps to users that are more
likely to download them. This form of personalized advertising
focuses on the end user, enabling the advertisers to find the right
users and delivering to users more of what they are likely to be
interested in. Advertisers set return goals for their campaigns and
AppDiscovery targets users to match those goals. Return on
advertising spend is measured based on third-party attribution,
Advertisers are charged for advertising dynamically based on the
revenue they receive from acquired users, rather than a simple
fixed price per impression or per action (click or installation).
Advertisers are not only able to attract users that download, but
also find a high volume of users that stay and engage with their
apps for greater retention and ultimately, increased opportunities
for better monetization. Revenue from AppDiscovery comprises a vast
majority of our Advertising Revenue.

With AppDiscovery, advertisers can define the framework of their
campaigns in the following ways:

• Reach: Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay to
acquire their target users. Our technology finds the users at that
value who are most likely to download and engage with the app.

• Global scale: Advertisers can choose to connect with users in
different regions around the world, and our technology suggests the
best locations based on their parameters.
2 We calculate daily active users as the average number of unique
device identities that open a mobile app (whether that mobile app
our own or a third party’s) which has our software development kit
(SDK) on each day in a period. We measure this figure through our
SDK. An individual who uses an app in more than one country on a
particular day will be counted as more than one unique device
identity; however, if an individual uses more than one app in the
same day, such individual is only counted once. This figure does
not include any users who have opted out of allowing apps to track
on their mobile phone .
                                 3                                 
Table of Contents

• Retain and engage: Our system is built around optimizing to the
advertisers revenue so our algorithms automatically adjust based on
the likelihood users will engage. Our clients can analyze by
retention periods from initial app download onwards, so that
advertisers understand the effectiveness of their marketing
investments.

• Targeted returns: Advertisers set their goals and target return
on ad sales and our algorithms adjust cost and campaign specifics
to meet them.

AppDiscovery includes the following features:

• Advanced campaign management: An interface to create, manage, and
automatically optimize campaigns based on return on ad sales goals.

• Real-time analytics: An interface to see results and optimize
against them with our ROI-based analytics environment.

• Lifetime Value ("LTV") reporting: A tool that breaks down
campaign results by source and location, allowing advertisers to
make real-time, informed decisions about the value and longevity of
their campaigns.

• High quality and quantity creatives: Advertisers can make and
test as many creatives as needed. They also have access to our in-
house creative team, SparkLabs, for expert ad creation and testing
strategies.
                                                                   
  MAX                                                              
                                                                   
MAX is our in-app bidding solution that optimizes the value of
publishers' advertising inventory by running a single unbiased,
real-time competitive auction, driving more competition and higher
returns for publishers. MAX auctions are more effective than
historical tools and approaches because MAX yields more targeted
users for advertisers and enables publishers to achieve better
competitive prices for each impression. Many developers who
integrate MAX have experienced a measurable increase in their
average revenue per daily active user ("ARPDAU") over traditional
monetization tools and save countless hours because they are able
to automate manual monetization work through its advanced feature
set. As a result, MAX has become the preferred in-app bidding
solution for many publishers worldwide, helping drive meaningful
growth and momentum for AppLovin.

MAX includes the following features:

• Advanced in-app bidding technology: MAX’s competitive auctions
happen in real time with most bidding platforms in the industry
bidding simultaneously for developers’ inventory at high volume.
The competitive global demand helps maximize average revenue per
user on each impression with many developers experiencing a
measurable increase when moving to MAX.

• Automated monetization: MAX saves developers time through its
extensive suite of APIs for automation.

• Ad quality assurance and review: MAX drives superior user
experience with exclusive features that automatically flag risky
content to keep developers’ brands safe.

• Powerful insights: MAX helps developers better understand the LTV
for each user and increase revenue to maximize yield for each ad
opportunity.
                                                                   
  Adjust                                                           
                                                                   
Adjust is our measurement and analytics marketing platform which
provides the visibility, insights, and tools marketers need to grow
their apps from early stage to maturity. Our software-as-a-service
("SaaS") platform is an end-to-end solution for optimizing ad
performance and maximizing returns, powered by accurate attribution
data and in-depth reporting that are essential for meeting business
goals. Adjust allows clients to better understand their users’
journey while allowing marketers to make smarter decisions through
measurement, attribution, and fraud prevention.

The Adjust product solutions allow customers to benefit from the
following key features:

• Impact through measurement: Drive results faster with accurate,
timely measurement on marketing and ad spend across channels.

• Insights through real-time data and reports: Easily share timely,
actionable insights with stakeholders to drive their business
forward.

• Strategic growth with automated attribution solutions: Scale
profits with automated solutions that attribute sources and help
customers work smarter and accomplish more.
                                                                   
  Wurl                                                             
                                                                   
Wurl is our connected TV ("CTV") platform which distributes
streaming video for content companies and provides advertising and
publishing solutions to maximize Advertising Revenue, grow their
CTV viewership, and strengthen their brand value. Wurl focuses on
driving the streaming industry forward with market-leading
solutions that help connect the right viewers to the right content.
It brings data-driven advertising and measurement to Connected TV.
The technology helps companies engage with the highest-value
viewers, and ultimately increase their revenue.
                                 4                                 
Table of Contents

Wurl has built the following products to meet their customers’
needs:

• AdPool: is a monetization solution that connects CTV supply with
top advertisers and access to exclusive demand.

• TVBits: is an AI-powered interactive, personalized, short-form
CTV application that allows viewers to discover content and content
companies and streamers the ability to increase viewership,
engagement, and revenue.

• BrandDiscovery: is an AI-powered CTV advertising tool that
identifies contextual segments based on genre, brand safety, and
the emotion of each scene to help advertisers deliver the right ad
at the right time.

• ContentDiscovery: is an AI-powered advertising solution that
grows audiences, increases engagement, and reduces churn for
streaming platforms and apps.

• Global FAST Pass (GFP): is a distribution solution that makes it
easy to launch Free Ad-supported CTV channels, monetize them
instantly, and access data to grow and retain audiences.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Apps                                                    
                                                                   
Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over
200 free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by ten
studios located worldwide with a deep bench of talented developers.
Our studios have developed and published games across a number of
genres including: casual, match-three, card/casino, mid-core, and
hyper-casual. A large portion of our portfolio are casual, match-
three and card/casino games that have a lower risk of development
and generally have more predictable revenue streams and return.
These games can be played a few minutes at a time and appeal to a
wide range of users across many highly attractive demographics. Our
studios leverage live ops to quickly iterate and increase in-game
monetization by optimizing app economies and improving in-game
conversion on items and offers. The studios operating our portfolio
of Apps utilize our Advertising solutions to market, scale, and
monetize our Apps.

On February 12, 2025, we announced that we had entered into a term
sheet for the sale of our mobile gaming business to a privately
held company for total consideration of $900.0 million, consisting
of $400.0 million in shares of the acquirer’s common equity and
$500.0 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price
adjustments. For additional information, refer to Part II, Item 7,
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Recent Developments".
                                                                   
  Our Strategy for Growth                                          
                                                                   
We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our growth and further
enhance our market position in the advertising ecosystem:

• Existing market expansion: We continue to have an attractive
market opportunity within our current mobile app segment, which we
intend to address through the optimization of our Advertising
solutions.

• Enhance and extend AI-based technologies: As we increase our
scale and reach, our customers benefit from compounding
improvements to AXON, our AI-powered advertising engine, which in
turn improves the efficacy and growth of our Advertising solutions.

• New market expansion: We are confident our technology and
expertise are applicable to other market segments and geographies
we have not historically addressed, including:

◦ Non-gaming mobile app segments and industries: One of our long-
term objectives is to provide critical tools to mobile app
developers across multiple verticals, including, for example,
e-commerce and social media. We have made our Advertising solutions
available to e-commerce advertisers, and while we are early in this
market expansion, our e-commerce customers to date have experienced
positive results, demonstrating the flexibility and future growth
potential of our Advertising solutions.

◦ Other content industries: We believe our deep expertise and
capabilities will allow us to successfully apply our solutions to
tangential sectors, including with mobile OEMs and carriers through
our Array product initiative, as well as the growing CTV industry
through Wurl. We continue to expand our CTV business through the
addition of new content advertisers and supply channels as well as
through the application of AXON to CTV.

◦ Industry partnerships: We plan to further invest in our sales and
marketing teams to increase penetration among new and existing
clients, including in expansion markets we are targeting.

• Attracting and retaining the best talent: Our employees are at
the core of our technology and success. We intend to continue to
invest in attracting and retaining exceptional talent who share our
values and will drive our future growth.

• Pursue strategic investments and partnerships: Given our proven
track record in strategic transactions, and our long-standing
relationships with key industry players, we have earned a
reputation as a partner of choice, and will continue to consider
and leverage strategic acquisitions, partnerships, and investment
opportunities to accelerate our growth.
                                 5                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Our Customers and Developer Community                            
                                                                   
Our globally diverse customers range from the largest enterprises
to small and independent businesses and individuals across a
variety of industries. Our customers comprise multiple groups
within the advertising ecosystem including advertisers leveraging
our platform to find users and advertising networks using our
mediation solution to purchase advertising inventory. Our Apps also
work with advertising networks who purchase advertising inventory
and consumers who purchase in-app products. We also work with the
mobile app publisher community who leverage our mediation solution
to monetize their advertising inventory. The scale and breadth of
our customers in terms of size and industry provides us with a
competitive advantage.
                                                                   
  Competition                                                      
                                                                   
We operate in a fragmented advertising ecosystem composed of
divisions of large, well-established companies as well as
privately-held companies. The large companies in our advertising
and mobile app ecosystems may play multiple different roles given
the breadth of their businesses.

• Advertisers typically engage with several advertising platforms
and networks to purchase advertisements on mobile apps, devices,
and on CTV, looking to optimize their marketing investments. Such
advertising companies vary in size and include Facebook, Google,
Amazon, and Unity Software, as well as various private companies,
several of which are also our partners and clients.

• There are many companies that develop online and mobile games and
other mobile apps. The larger gaming companies in our gaming
ecosystem include Activision Blizzard (Microsoft), Tencent, and
Zynga (Take-Two Interactive), as well as other public and private
companies, many of which are also our partners and clients. We also
expect new developers to enter the market and existing companies to
allocate more resources to develop and market more mobile games and
apps.

We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market
are:

• the ability to enhance and improve technologies and offerings;

• knowledge, expertise, and experience in the advertising
ecosystem;

• relationships with third parties in the advertising ecosystem;

• the ability to reach and target a large number of users;

• the ability to identify and execute on strategic transactions;

• the ability to successfully launch and monetize mobile apps;

• the pricing and perceived value of offerings;

• brand and reputation; and

• ability to expand into new offerings and geographies.

We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors.
                                                                   
  Seasonality                                                      
                                                                   
The revenue we generate from our Advertising solutions may
experience seasonality in the fourth quarter of the year due in
part to seasonal holiday demand. As the breadth of advertisers
using our Advertising solutions increases, the impact of this
seasonality may become more pronounced over time.
                                                                   
  Research and Development                                         
                                                                   
Continued investment in research and development is important to
advancing our Advertising solutions, and Apps. The continued
development of our AI-powered AXON advertising engine is critical
to our future growth and competitive advantage. These AI
advancements are also key to attaining our strategic objectives and
meeting the evolving needs of our customers. The underlying elastic
architecture of our solutions allows us to create, test, and deploy
new features rapidly while distributing them globally.

Our research and development team is working on cutting edge
technologies, which allows us to attract top talent globally. As of
December 31, 2024, we had approximately 788 employees, or 50% of
our total headcount, involved in research and development and
related activities. Our research and development organization is
based in Palo Alto, California with additional resources around the
world.
                                                                   
  Intellectual Property                                            
                                                                   
Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our
intellectual property rights with respect to our Advertising
solutions and Apps, and to operate without infringing,
misappropriating or otherwise violating valid and enforceable
third-party intellectual property. We seek to accomplish that
objective by establishing intellectual property rights in and
protecting those assets through a combination of registered and
unregistered trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license
agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements
with third parties, and other contractual measures. Though we rely
in part
                                 6                                 
Table of Contents

upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that
factors, such as our unique position in the advertising ecosystem,
our expertise and determination of our employees, the speed of our
technological development and the functionality and flexibility of
our Advertising solutions in an ever-evolving industry, are
critical contributors to our success.

As of December 31, 2024, we owned the following trademarks related
to the business: 58 registered trademarks in the United States, 16
pending trademark applications in the United States, as well as 400
registered trademarks in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 31 pending
trademark applications in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. We also
have registered domain names for websites that we use in our
business, such as www.applovin.com. As of December 31, 2024, we
owned seven patents related to our Advertising solutions and four
related to our Apps business.

We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to
the extent we believe it would advance our business objectives and
maintain our competitive position. Notwithstanding these efforts,
there can be no assurance that we will adequately protect our
intellectual property or that it will provide any competitive
advantage. We take steps to protect our proprietary information, in
part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with our
employees, consultants, developers, and vendors, and generally
limiting access to and distribution of our proprietary information.
However, we cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will
prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. Despite our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy aspects of our Advertising solutions or
Apps or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary.
Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult
and time consuming. Further, our intellectual property rights may
be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws
of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to
the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign
countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government
agencies and private parties in the United States. See the section
titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property” for
more information regarding risks related to intellectual property.
                                                                   
  Employees and Human Capital Resources                            
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of 1,563 employees,
comprised of 1,533 full-time and 30 part-time/intern employees,
located in 17 countries. As a result of our historical strategic
acquisition and partnership activity, we also have access to
approximately 2,000 additional team members, a majority of whom are
research and development resources and all of whom are located
outside of the United States. Our geographic diversification
enhances our ability to retain and attract highly skilled talent as
well as manage our headcount costs. As of December 31, 2024,
approximately 54% of our global employees were located outside of
the U.S. and 46% in the U.S. Approximately 45% of our U.S.
employees are from one or more diverse groups, including Asian,
Hispanic or Latino, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or
Other Pacific Islander, American Indian or Alaska Native, or Two or
More Races and approximately 34% of our U.S. employees are female.
None of our employees are represented by a labor union. In certain
countries in which we operate, we are subject to, and comply with,
local labor law requirements, which may automatically make our
employees subject to industry-wide collective bargaining
agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we
consider our relations with our employees as positive.

Our employees are a key reason for our success and essential for
our continued growth. We benefit from a distributed global
workforce and plan to continue investing in our employees. We
provide competitive compensation packages designed to attract and
retain talent, as informed by market compensation surveys and data.
We have multiple incentive programs throughout the organization
designed to provide short-term and long-term incentives, including
base cash, equity and/or performance cash awards.
                                                                   
  Compliance with Government Regulation                            
                                                                   
We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws
and regulations that affect companies conducting business on mobile
platforms, including those relating to privacy, data protection,
and the use and protection of data from employees, users and others
(including minors), the internet, behavioral advertising, mobile
apps, content, advertising and marketing activities, sweepstakes
and giveaways, e-commerce and anti-corruption. Additional laws and
regulations relating to these areas likely will be passed in the
future, and these or existing laws and regulations may be
interpreted or enforced in new or expanded manners, each of which
could result in significant limitations on ways we can collect and
process data of users, employees and others, communicate with
users, and operate our business. New and evolving laws and
regulations, and changes in their enforcement and interpretation,
may require changes to our Advertising solutions, Apps, or business
practices, and may significantly increase our compliance costs and
otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations.
As our business expands to further scale our Advertising solutions
and include additional Apps, as we continue to operate our AI-
powered advertising engine AXON, and as our operations continue to
expand internationally, our compliance requirements and costs may
increase and we may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny.
                                                                   
  Data Privacy and Security Laws                                   
                                                                   
The data we collect and otherwise process is integral to our
Advertising solutions and Apps, providing us with insights to
improve our AI-powered advertising engine AXON and our developer
tools, to optimize app discovery and monetization and to improve
our Apps. Our collection, use, receipt, and other processing of
data in our business subjects us to numerous U.S. state and federal
laws and regulations, and foreign laws and regulations, addressing
privacy, data protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use,
transfer, disclosure, protection and processing of certain types of
data. Such regulations include, for example, the European Union
General Data Protection Regulation, the Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act, Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act,
and the California Consumer Privacy Act and similar U.S. state
laws. We work to comply with, and to help allow developers and
advertising ecosystem partners to comply with, applicable laws and
regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information
security. This helps underpin our strategy of building trust and
providing a strong
                                 7                                 
Table of Contents

experience to advertising ecosystem partners and clients. See the
section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory
Matters—We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy,
information security, data protection, consumer protection,
advertising, tracking, targeting, and protection of minors, and
these laws and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or
perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations” for additional information about our approach to laws
and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and
information security.
                                                                   
  Corporate Information                                            
                                                                   
We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in
July 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is
(800) 839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com.
Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our
website does not constitute part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and inclusions of our website address in this Annual Report on Form
10-K are inactive textual references only. You should not consider
information contained on our website to be part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K or in deciding whether to purchase shares of
our Class A common stock.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law
trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are the property of AppLovin Corporation. Other
trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners.
                                                                   
  Available Information                                            
                                                                   
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed
pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are filed with the SEC.
Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are
available free of charge on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com when such reports are available on the
SEC’s website. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at
www.sec.gov. The information contained on the websites referenced
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference
into this filing. Further, our references to website URLs are
intended to be inactive textual references only.

We announce material information to the public through filings with
the SEC, the investor relations page on our website, press
releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and our corporate blog
at blog.applovin.com in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary
distribution of information to the public and for complying with
our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We encourage
investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed
above and to review the information disclosed through such
channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through
which we will announce information will be posted on the investor
relations page on our website.
                                 8                                 
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS                                          │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described
below, together with all of the other information in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the
related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A
common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of
operations, or prospects could also be adversely affected by risks
and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we
currently believe are not material. If any of the risks actually
occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the
market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment.
                                                                   
  Risk Factor Summary                                              
                                                                   
Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of
risk because our business is subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties, as further described below. The principal factors
and uncertainties that make investing in our Class A common stock
subject to risk include, among other things:
Business, Operational, and Industry Factors
• the fluctuation in our results of operations;

• security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of data, or
other cyber incidents;

• our reliance on third-party platforms to distribute our AppLovin
Apps and collect revenue;

• our reliance on certain key employees and our ability to attract,
retain, and motivate key personnel;

• our ability to maintain our culture;

• our ability to attract new clients, the loss of clients, or
reduction in spend by clients;

• competition in our industry and our ability to adapt to
technological change;

• our ability to address or mitigate technical limitations in our
systems and to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure;

• concentration of our revenue sources;

• our future growth into new business opportunities;

• the impact of macroeconomic conditions and the geopolitical
climate;
• risks related to the expansion and diversification of our
operations, in the United States and globally, and possibly through
future strategic acquisitions and partnerships;
• risks related to our international operations;

• risks related to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
including integration, managing growth, and tax risks;

• our ability to realize the value of our Apps portfolio;

• our ability to maintain relationships with our partner studios;

• our ability to launch or acquire new AppLovin Apps and
successfully monetize or improve them and existing Apps;

• our ability to retain existing users or add new users cost-
effectively, or if users decrease their level of engagement;

• our recent rapid growth, and ability to manage growth;

• our ability to increase in-app purchases ("IAPs"), respond to
changes with respect to IAPs, and manage the economies in our
AppLovin Apps;

• our ability to achieve or maintain profitability with increasing
operating expenses;

• risks related to not having long-term agreements with our
clients;

• AppLovin apps not meeting user expectations;

• our ability to maintain our brand awareness;

• our reliance on third parties complying with their obligations;
Legal and Regulatory Matters
• changes in laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, AI, advertising,
tracking, targeting, and protection of minors;

• changes in U.S. and foreign laws, many of which are unsettled and
still developing;
                                 9                                 
Table of Contents

• the development and use of AI in our offerings and business;

• compliance with governmental anti-bribery, export controls and
economic sanctions laws;

• changes in tax laws or tax rulings or exposure to greater than
anticipated tax liabilities;

• assertions by taxing authorities that we should have collected or
in the future should collect sales and use, value added, or similar
taxes;

• our ability to realize tax savings from our international
structure;

• liability for content that is distributed through or advertising
that is served through our Advertising solutions or Apps;

• expenses related to legal or regulatory proceedings and
settlements or laws and regulations affecting public companies;
Intellectual Property Factors
• our ability to protect or enforce our proprietary and
intellectual property rights or the costs involved in such
enforcement;

• our involvement in intellectual property disputes;

• our use of and compliance with open source software;

• our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual
property;
Financial and Accounting Matters
• our ability to maintain an effective system of disclosure
controls and internal control over financial reporting;

• our reliance on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of
our key metrics;

• the possibility that we may be required to record a significant
charge to earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired;

• our substantial indebtedness and obligations thereunder;

• our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our
significant debt service obligations;

• the availability of additional capital on acceptable terms;
Ownership of our Class A common stock and Governance
• the multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting
Agreement among the Voting Agreement Parties;

• our status as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements;

• volatility of the market price of our Class A common stock;

• the possibility that we may not realize the anticipated long-term
stockholder value of our share repurchase programs;

• the issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or
otherwise;

• provisions of Delaware law, the Voting Agreement, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, and our amended and restated
bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest
difficult; and

• exclusive forum provisions in our amended and restated bylaws.
Risks Related to Our Business, Operations and Industry
Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate from period-to-
period, which could cause the market price of our Class A common
stock to decline.

Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are
likely to fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-
to-year in the future for a variety of reasons, many of which are
outside of our control and difficult to predict. As a result, you
should not rely upon our historical results of operations as
indicators of future performance. Numerous factors can influence
our results of operations, including:

• our ability to maintain and grow our client and user bases;

• changes to our Advertising solutions, Apps, or other offerings,

• the timing and efficacy of improvement to our algorithms, models
and AI-powered AXON advertising engine generally;
                                10                                 
Table of Contents

• the development and introduction of new solutions, entry into new
markets, or the development of new mobile apps by our studios or
our competitors;

• changes to the policies or practices of companies or governmental
agencies that determine access to third-party platforms, such as
the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, or to our
Advertising solutions, Apps, website, or the internet generally;

• changes to the policies or practices of third-party platforms,
such as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, including
with respect to Apple’s Identifier for Advertisers ("IDFA"), which
helps advertisers assess the effectiveness of their advertising
efforts, and with respect to transparency regarding data
processing;

• the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond our
current Advertising solutions and Apps;

• our ability to achieve the anticipated synergies from our
strategic acquisitions and effectively integrate new assets and
businesses acquired by us;

• the success of our strategic review of our Apps portfolio;

• the actions of our competitors, both with respect to their own
offerings and, to the extent such competitors are also our clients,
with respect to their use of our Advertising solutions;

• costs and expenses related to the strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, including costs related to integrating mobile gaming
studios or other companies that we acquire, as well as costs and
expenses related to the development of our Advertising solutions or
Apps;

• our ability to achieve or maintain profitability;

• increases in and timing of operating expenses that we may incur
to grow and expand our operations and to remain competitive;

• system failures or outages, or actual or perceived breaches of
security or privacy, and the costs associated with preventing,
responding to, or remediating any such outages or breaches;

• changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including
with respect to privacy, data protection, or AI or actions by
governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent
decrees;

• charges associated with impairment of any assets on our balance
sheet or changes in our expected estimated useful life of property
and equipment and intangible assets;

• adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-
related costs and the fees associated with investigating and
defending claims;

• the overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by
the mix of income we earn in the United States and in jurisdictions
with comparatively lower tax rates;

• the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory
interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period such
laws are enacted or interpretations are issued and may
significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period;

• the application of new or changing financial accounting standards
or practices; and

• changes in regional or global business or macroeconomic
conditions, including as a result of uncertainty in the global
banking and financial services markets, political uncertainty and
international conflicts around the world, inflation, and high
interest rates, which may impact the other factors described above.

In particular, it is difficult to predict if, when, or how newly-
launched products, software or new markets may begin to generate
revenue or decline in popularity. Further, we cannot be certain if
a new App or product will become popular amongst users and generate
revenue. The success of our business depends in part on our ability
to develop and enhance our Advertising solutions, including
expansion into new markets, and consistently and timely launch new
Apps and products. It is difficult for us to predict with certainty
when we will expand our Advertising solutions, launch a new App or
product, or enter a new market as we may require longer development
schedules or soft launch periods to meet our quality standards and
expectations. If our clients do not adopt our new Advertising
offerings, or develop or further invest in their own competing
alternatives, or if we are unable to successfully launch or acquire
new Apps or products or maintain or improve existing Apps or
successfully enter a new market, our business and results of
operations could be adversely affected. Fluctuations in our results
of operations may cause such results to fall below our financial
guidance or the expectations of analysts or investors, which could
cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or
user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or
other cyber incidents could harm our reputation and adversely
affect our business.

The advertising and mobile app ecosystems are prone to cyberattacks
by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or the
data of our clients or users or to disrupt our ability to provide
service. Our Advertising solutions, Apps, and other offerings
involve the collection, storage, transmission, and other processing
of a large amount of data, including personal information, and we
and our third-party service providers otherwise store and process
information, including our confidential and
                                11                                 
Table of Contents

proprietary business information, and personal information and
other information relating to our employees and clients or other
third parties. We also store and implement measures designed to
secure the source code for our Advertising solutions and Apps as
they are created. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security
breaches or incidents impacting our Advertising solutions, Apps, or
our systems or other systems used in our business, or improper
access to or disclosure of our data, including source code, or user
data, including personal information, content, or payment
information from users, or information from clients or other third
parties, that is stored or otherwise processed in our business
could result in the unauthorized loss, modification, disclosure,
destruction, or other processing of such data, or unavailability of
data or of our Advertising solutions, Apps, or other offerings. Any
such event, or the perception it has occurred, could adversely
affect our business and reputation, damage our operations, result
in claims, litigation, or regulatory investigations or enforcement
actions, fines, penalties, or other liability or obligations, and
diminish our competitive position. In particular, a breach or
incident, whether physical, electronic, or otherwise, impacting
systems on which source code or other sensitive data are stored
could lead to loss, disruption, unavailability, or piracy of, or
damage to, our offerings, lost or reduced ability to protect our
intellectual property, and diminished competitive position.

Malware (including ransomware), viruses, social engineering
(predominantly spear phishing attacks or smishing), and general
hacking have become more prevalent in the advertising and mobile
app ecosystems. Some of these have occurred on our systems and
otherwise in our business in the past, and we expect will continue
to occur in the future. We regularly encounter attempts to create
false or undesirable user accounts or take other actions for
purposes such as spamming or other objectionable ends. Any actual
or attempted breaches, incidents, or attacks may cause disruptions
or interruptions to our Advertising solutions, Apps, or other
offerings, degrade the user experience, impair, disrupt, or
interrupt our systems and networks and other systems and networks
used in our business, or adversely affect our reputation, business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Our efforts to
protect our Advertising solutions, Apps, and other offerings, our
systems and other systems used in our business, and our data, user
data, and information from clients, partners, and other third
parties, and to disable or otherwise respond to undesirable
activities on our offerings, may also be unsuccessful due to
software bugs or other technical defects, errors, or malfunctions;
employee, contractor, vendor, or partner error or malfeasance,
including defects or vulnerabilities in information technology
systems or offerings; cyberattacks, attacks designed to disrupt
systems or facilities, or breaches of physical security of our
facilities or technical infrastructure; or other threats that
evolve. Additionally, any such breach, incident, attack,
malfunction, defect, or vulnerability, or the perception that any
of these has occurred, may cause clients or users to lose
confidence and trust in our Advertising solutions, Apps, or other
offerings and otherwise harm our reputation and market position.

In addition, some developers or other business partners, such as
those that help us measure the effectiveness of advertisements, may
receive or store information provided by us or by our users through
mobile or web apps or other means. These third parties or others
may misappropriate or misuse this information. If these third
parties fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security
practices, or experience a breach of, or other security incident
impacting, their networks or systems, our data or our users’ data
may be lost, destroyed, or accessed, modified, disclosed, or
otherwise processed in unauthorized manners. In such an event, or
if such an event is perceived to have occurred, we may suffer
damage to our reputation, may have increased costs arising from the
restoration or implementation of additional security measures and
other costs relating to the incident, and we may face claims,
demands, investigations, and other proceedings by private parties
or governmental actors, and fines, penalties, and other liability
or obligations, any of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Any theft or
unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other
confidential business information as a result of such an event
could also adversely affect our business, competitive position, and
results of operations.

Cyberattacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and
may be difficult to detect for long periods. Although we have
developed systems and processes that are designed to protect our
data, user data, and information from our partners; to prevent data
loss, disable undesirable accounts and activities on our
Advertising solutions or Apps; and to prevent and detect security
breaches; we cannot assure you that such measures will provide
comprehensive security, that we have been or will be able to
identify breaches or other incidents or to react to them in a
timely manner, or that our remediation efforts will be successful.
We experience cyberattacks and other security incidents of varying
degrees from time to time, and we may incur significant costs in
investigating, protecting against, litigating, or remediating such
incidents. We may face increased risks of cyberattacks and other
security incidents as a result of increases in remote work. Our use
of third-party systems for remote workforce operations introduces
security risks and increased cyberattacks, such as phishing attacks
by threat actors as a method for targeting personnel. Further, in
connection with geopolitical events and conflicts, such as those in
Ukraine and the Middle East, there may be a heightened risk of
potential cyberattacks by state actors or others.

Additionally, our Advertising solutions and other offerings operate
in conjunction with, and we are in some cases dependent upon,
third-party products, services, and components. Our ability to
monitor our third-party service providers’ data security is
limited, and in any event, attackers may be able to circumvent our
third-party service providers’ data security measures. There have
been and may continue to be significant attacks on certain third-
party providers, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-
party providers’ systems and networks have not been breached or
compromised or do not contain defects or bugs that could result in
a disruption, breach, or other incident impacting our systems and
networks or those of third parties that support us and our platform
and service. Security vulnerabilities, malicious code, errors, or
other bugs or defects in these third-party products, services, and
components could cause us to face increased costs, claims,
liability, and additional or new obligations, reduced revenue, and
harm to our reputation or competitive position. We and our service
providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react,
remediate or otherwise address any security vulnerability, breach
or other security incident in a timely manner, or implement
adequate preventative measures.
                                12                                 
Table of Contents

Further, we utilize AI technologies in our Advertising solutions
and Apps and may expand such use in the future. Our use of AI
technologies, and the use of AI technologies in third-party
products and services, may create additional cybersecurity risks or
increase cybersecurity risks, including risks of security breaches
and incidents, and related liability and harm to our reputation.
Further, AI technologies may be used in connection with certain
cybersecurity attacks, resulting in heightened risks of security
breaches and incidents.

In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are
working to combat misuse of our services and user data by third
parties. We may not discover all such incidents or other
activities, in connection with our efforts to combat misuse or
otherwise, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by
users, the media, or other third parties. Such incidents and
activities have in the past, and may in the future, include the
processing of user data or use of our systems in manners
inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence
of false or undesirable user accounts, improper advertising
practices, activities that threaten people’s safety or spamming,
scraping, data harvesting, or unsecured datasets. We may also be
unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise
remediate or respond to any such incidents effectively or in a
timely manner. Any of the foregoing developments, or any reports of
them occurring or the perception that any of them has occurred,
could adversely affect user trust and engagement, harm our brand
and reputation, require us to change our business practices, result
in claims, demands, investigations, and other proceedings by
private parties or governmental actors, and fines, penalties, and
other liability or obligations, and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United
States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection,
some of which provide a private right of action. Many jurisdictions
have enacted breach notification obligations, and our agreements
with certain customers or partners may require us to notify them or
fulfill other obligations in the event of a security breach or
incident. Affected users or government authorities could initiate
legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any
actual or perceived security breaches or incidents or improper
access to, or disclosure or other processing of, data, which has
occurred in the past and which could cause us to incur significant
expense and liability, distract management and technical personnel,
and result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our
business practices and to pay fines or penalties. Such actual or
perceived breaches or other incidents or our efforts to remediate
such incidents may also result in a decline in our active user base
or engagement levels. Any of these events could adversely affect
our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of
operations.

Our insurance coverage may not extend to all types of privacy or
security breaches or other incidents, and it may be insufficient to
cover all costs and expenses associated with such incidents.
Further, such insurance may not continue to be available to us in
the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all, and
insurers may deny us coverage as to any future claim. The
successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that
exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes
in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the
imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, including our
reputation, financial condition, or results of operations.

We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect
revenue, and if our ability to do so is harmed, or such third-party
platforms change their policies in such a way that restricts our
business, increases our expenses, or limits the information we
derive from our Apps, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem depends in part on a relatively small
number of third-party distribution platforms, such as the Apple App
Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook, some of which are
direct competitors. We derive significant revenue from the
distribution of our Apps through these third-party platforms and
almost all of our IAPs are made through the payment processing
systems of these third-party platforms. We are subject to the
standard policies and terms of service of such third-party
platforms, which generally govern the promotion, distribution,
content, and operation of applications on such platforms. Each
platform provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its
terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other
mobile app companies, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. A
platform provider may also change its fee structure, add fees
associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how mobile
apps are labeled or are able to advertise on its platform, change
how the personal information of its users is made available to
developers on its platform, limit the use of personal information
for advertising purposes, restrict how users can share information
on its platform or across platforms, or significantly increase the
level of compliance or requirements necessary to use its platform.

For example, since 2021, Apple has implemented an application
tracking transparency framework that, among other things, requires
users' opt-in consent for certain tracking. While this framework
has not had a significant impact on our overall business, it may in
the future, including with respect to the effectiveness of our
advertising practices and/or our ability to efficiently generate
revenue for our Apps. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with
data that helps our Advertising solutions better market and
monetize Apps. Apple also implemented new requirements for consumer
disclosures regarding privacy and data processing practices in
December 2020, which has resulted in increased compliance
requirements and could result in decreased usage of our App. In
light of the IDFA and transparency changes, we made changes to our
data collection practices. To the extent we are unable to utilize
IDFA or a similar offering, or if the transparency changes and any
related opt-in or other requirements result in decreases in the
availability or utility of data relating to Apps, our Advertising
solutions may not be as effective, we may not be able to continue
to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and our revenue and
results of operations may be harmed. Apple also incorporated new
SDK privacy controls into iOS 17, released in September 2023.

Similarly, in February 2022, Google announced its Privacy Sandbox
initiative for Android, a multi-year effort expected to restrict
tracking activity and limit advertisers' ability to collect app and
user data across Android devices. In January 2024, Google
                                13                                 
Table of Contents

commenced rolling out a Chrome feature called Tracking Protection,
which limits cross-site tracking. Additionally, in January 2024,
Google started to roll out new CMP requirements for ads served in
the EEA and UK, which require publishers using Google AdSense, Ad
Manager, or AdMob to use CMPs certified by Google and integrated
with the IAB's Transparency and Consent Framework when serving ads
to users in the EEA or the UK. According to Google, if publishers
do not adopt a Google-certified CMP, only limited ads will be
eligible to serve in the EEA and UK. To adapt to these changes, we
released the MAX SDK version 12.0.0. to support integration with
Google's CMP solution. While to date these third-party platform
privacy changes have had some impact on the discoverability of apps
across these platforms, and have had a relatively muted aggregate
impact on our results of operations, the ultimate impact of these
or any similar or future changes to the policies of Apple or Google
may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

Distribution platform providers from time to time limit, suspend or
discontinue access to their platforms in connection with
violations, or perceived violations, of terms of service. In
addition, any change or deterioration in our relationship with such
distribution provider may impact our access to its platform. If one
of our distribution platform partners were to limit or discontinue
the distribution of our Apps on their platform, generally, or any
of our more successful Apps individually, it may adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We also rely on the continued popularity, user adoption, and
functionality of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these
platform providers have been unavailable for short periods of time
or experienced issues with their in-app purchasing functionality.
In addition, third-party platforms also impose certain file size
limitations, which may limit the ability of users to download some
of our larger Apps in over-the-air updates. Aside from these over-
the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size could cause
users to delete our mobile games once the file size grows beyond
the capacity of their devices’ storage limitations or could reduce
the number of downloads of these mobile games.

If issues arise with third-party platforms that impact the
visibility or availability of our Apps, our users’ ability to
access our Apps or our ability to monetize our Apps, or otherwise
impact the design or effectiveness of our Advertising solutions,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected.

We are highly dependent on our co-founder and chief executive
officer, as well as our senior management team, we operate a lean
organizational structure and our business and growth may be
adversely affected if we fail to attract, retain, and motivate key
personnel.

Our future success depends in significant part on the continued
service of our key management and engineering personnel, including
our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson, Adam Foroughi. Our ability to
compete and grow depends in part on the efforts and talents of
these employees and executives, who are important to our vision,
strategic direction, culture, products, and technology. We do not
have employment agreements, other than offer letters, with Mr.
Foroughi or other members of our senior management team, and we do
not maintain key-man insurance for members of our senior management
team. The loss of Mr. Foroughi or any other member of our senior
management team could cause disruption and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, or results of operations.

We believe strongly in operating a lean organizational structure,
leveraging technology wherever possible, as it allows us to adapt
our business as needed and affords increased opportunity to our
employees. While this approach enhances efficiency and cost
control, it may also expose us to certain risks. While we believe
our lean culture allows us to move faster than other companies our
size, a lean workforce could limit our ability to scale operations
quickly in response to increased demand, develop new products or
services in a timely manner, or effectively manage multiple
initiatives simultaneously. Additionally, key employees often hold
multiple responsibilities, making us more vulnerable to disruptions
caused by turnover or unexpected absences. If we are unable to
attract, retain, and efficiently allocate personnel, our
operational capabilities, growth potential, and competitive
position could be adversely affected. Furthermore, as we expand, we
may need to hire additional employees and enhance our
infrastructure to support growth. Failure to do so in a timely or
effective manner could strain our existing workforce and negatively
impact our financial performance and strategic objectives.

In addition, our ability to execute our strategy depends in part on
our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and
retain highly skilled employees, particularly in the competitive
fields of AI development, machine learning, product management,
engineering and data science. We believe that our corporate culture
has been an important factor in our ability to hire and retain key
employees, and if we are unable to maintain our corporate culture
as we grow, we may be unable to foster the innovation, creativity,
and teamwork we believe we need to support our growth. While we
believe we compete favorably, competition for highly skilled
employees is intense, particularly in Silicon Valley, where our
headquarters is located. Interviewing, hiring, and integrating new
employees has been and will continue to be challenging as we
continue to navigate the global working environment. If we are
unable to identify, hire, and retain highly skilled employees, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot
maintain this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.

We believe that our company culture has been critical to our
success and will be important for our continued growth. We face a
number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our
corporate culture, including: failure to identify, attract, reward,
and retain people in critical technical and leadership positions in
our organization who share and further our culture and values; the
increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce;
competitive pressures to move in directions that may divert us from
our culture and values; the continued challenges of a rapidly-
evolving industry; the increasing need to develop expertise in new
areas of business that affect us; a negative perception of our
treatment of employees or our response to employee
                                14                                 
Table of Contents

sentiment related to political or social causes or actions of
management; and the integration of new personnel and businesses
from acquisitions. If we are not able to maintain our culture, we
could lose the innovation, passion, and dedication of our team and
as a result, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

The failure to attract new clients, the loss of clients, or a
reduction in spending by these clients could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

A significant portion of our revenue is Advertising Revenue and In-
App Advertising ("IAA") Revenue from our Apps. Advertising Revenue
is mostly from AppDiscovery and is generated from our advertisers,
typically on a performance-based, cost-per-install basis, then
shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a cost per
impression model. IAA Revenue generated from our Apps comes from
advertisers that purchase ad inventory from our diverse portfolio
of mobile games. As is common in the advertising ecosystem, our
clients do not have long-term advertising commitments with us. Our
success depends in part on our ability to satisfy our advertising
partners.

Revenue could also be impacted by a number of other factors,
including:

• our ability to attract and retain clients, including, for
example, in new markets such as e-commerce and social;

• our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of
our advertising and maintain and improve our AI-powered advertising
engine AXON;

• our ability to maintain or increase advertiser demand and third-
party publisher supply, the quantity, or quality of advertisements
shown to users, or our pricing of advertisements;

• our ability to continue to increase user access to and engagement
with our Apps;

• mobile app changes or inventory management decisions we may make
that change the size, format, frequency, or relative prominence of
advertisements displayed on our Apps;

• changes in measuring or pricing of mobile or other advertising
markets;

• our ability to recruit, train, and retain personnel to support
continued growth of our Advertising solutions;

• our ability to establish and maintain our brand and reputation;

• loss of market share to our competitors, including if competitors
offer lower priced, more integrated, or otherwise more effective
products;

• the development and success of technologies designed to block the
display of advertisements or block our ad measurement tools, which
have in the past impacted and may in the future impact our
business, or technologies that make it easier for users to opt out
of behavioral targeting;

• the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics
and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that
demonstrate the value of our Advertising solutions to advertisers,
developers and publishers, or our ability to further improve such
tools;

• government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal
developments relating to AI or advertising, including developments
that may impact our ability to deliver, target, or measure the
effectiveness of advertising;

• changes that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the
effectiveness of advertising, including changes to policies by
mobile operating system and third-party platform providers, and the
degree to which users opt in or opt out of certain types of ad
targeting as a result of changes and controls implemented in
connection with such policy changes and with the E.U. General Data
Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"), ePrivacy Directive, the
California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA") as amended by the
California Privacy Rights Act (the "CPRA"), similar U.S. privacy
laws in other states, and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection
Act (the "COPPA");

• decisions by clients to reduce their advertising due to concerns
about legal liability or uncertainty regarding their own legal and
compliance obligations, or due to negative publicity, regardless of
its accuracy, involving us, our user data practices, advertising
metrics or tools, our Advertising solutions or Apps, or other
companies in our industry; and

• the impact of macroeconomic conditions, inflation, high interest
rates, uncertainty in the global banking and financial services
markets, political uncertainty and international conflicts around
the world, such as in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as,
friction between the United States and China, and responses
thereto, and seasonality, whether in the advertising industry in
general, or among specific types of advertisers or within
particular geographies.

From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected
our revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or
other factors in the future could result in a reduction in demand
for our Advertising solutions and use of our Apps, which may reduce
the prices we receive for our advertisements or cause clients to
stop advertising with us altogether, either of which would
adversely affect our business and results of operations. The
failure to attract new clients, loss of clients, or reduction in
spending by clients could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.
                                15                                 
Table of Contents

The advertising ecosystem and mobile gaming are intensely
competitive. If clients or users prefer our competitors’ products
or services over our own, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

We face significant competition in the advertising ecosystem and in
mobile gaming. We offer a suite of solutions for advertisers to get
their content discovered and downloaded by the right users,
optimize return on marketing spend, and maximize the monetization
of their engagement. We collect revenue from clients for fees paid
by advertisers, including developers, that use our Advertising
solutions and from the sale of advertising inventory of our Apps.
Advertisers often engage with several advertising platforms and
networks to purchase advertisements and developers often engage
with multiple tools to market and monetize their apps. Accordingly,
we face significant competition from traditional, online, and
mobile businesses that provide ad networks and platforms, mobile
apps and games, media, and other services for advertisers to reach
relevant audiences. We also face competition from providers of
developer tools that enable developers to reach their audiences or
manage or optimize their advertising campaigns. These companies
vary in size and include Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity
Software as well as various private companies, several of which are
also our partners and clients. Additionally, our studios build many
of our Apps using the development kits offered by Unity Software.
Changes in pricing or the terms on which developers engage with
companies in the mobile app ecosystem, such as the pricing changes
announced by Unity Software in September 2023, could negatively
impact our studios and the mobile app ecosystem generally. Clients
who are also competitors may decide to invest in their own
offerings rather than continue to use our Advertising solutions or
advertise on our Apps.

Additionally, we also compete with businesses that develop online
and mobile games and other mobile apps, which vary in size and
include companies such as Activision Blizzard (Microsoft), Tencent,
and Zynga (Take-Two Interactive), as well as other public and
private companies, many of which are also our partners and clients.
As we expand our global operations and mobile app offerings, we
increasingly face competition from high-profile companies with
significant online presences that may introduce new or expanded
offerings, such as Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Snap. In
addition, other large companies that to date have not actively
focused on mobile apps or gaming may decide to develop mobile apps
or gaming offerings, such as Amazon’s games platform, or partner
with other developers. Some of these current and potential
competitors have significantly greater resources that can be used
to develop, acquire, or brand additional mobile apps or gaming
alternatives, and may have more diversified revenue sources than we
do and therefore may be less severely affected by changes in
consumer preferences, regulations, or other developments that may
impact our business or industry.

Further, as there are relatively low barriers to entry to develop
and publish a mobile app, we expect new competitors to enter the
market and existing competitors to allocate more resources towards
developing and marketing competing games and apps. Because our
mobile games are free-to-play, our Apps compete primarily on the
basis of user experience rather than price. The proliferation of
apps makes it difficult for us to differentiate ourselves from our
competitors and compete for users and the success of our Apps will
depend in part on our Advertising solutions continuing to provide
effective marketing and monetization tools.

We also face competition for advertising spending and for the
discretionary spending, leisure time, and attention of our users
from game platforms such as personal computer and console games,
and other leisure time activities, such as television, movies,
music, sports, and the internet. During periods of macroeconomic
uncertainty, levels of advertising and discretionary spending have
historically decreased and are likely to decrease and therefore
this competition may intensify, which has at times harmed and may
in the future harm our revenue. In addition, non-game applications
for mobile devices, such as social media and messaging, television,
movies, music, dating, and sports, have become increasingly
popular, making the overall mobile app ecosystem highly fragmented
and making it more difficult for any mobile app to differentiate
itself. To the extent we explore entering into new markets or new
business opportunities in the advertising ecosystem, mobile gaming,
or otherwise, we may also compete with established businesses with
more experience in such areas. Increasing competition could result
in decreases in our App users, increased user acquisition costs,
lower engagement with our Apps, and loss of key personnel, all of
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or
results of operations.

Some of our current and potential competitors may be domiciled in
different countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory
regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than us,
particularly outside of the United States. Some of our current and
potential competitors may have greater resources, more diversified
revenue streams, better technological or data analytics
capabilities, or stronger brands or competitive positions in
certain product segments, geographic regions, or user demographics
than we do. If clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or
services over our own, or if our competitors are better able to
adapt to changes in the preferences of advertisers or users,
regulations, or other developments, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The advertising ecosystem and mobile gaming are subject to rapid
technological change, and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately
allocate our resources among, emerging technologies and business
models, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Technology changes rapidly in the advertising ecosystem and in
mobile gaming. Our future success depends in part on our ability to
adapt to trends and to innovate. To attract new clients and users
and increase revenue from our current clients and users, we may
develop new products or enter into new markets, such as e-commerce
or social, and we will need to enhance and improve our Advertising
solutions and Apps. Our ability to improve the effectiveness and
predictability of our advertising recommendations through
improvements to our AI-powered advertising engine AXON is critical
to our continuing success and future growth. Enhancements of our
existing technology and offerings, and new offerings, may not be
introduced in a timely or
                                16                                 
Table of Contents

cost-effective manner and may contain errors or defects, both of
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

Our business also currently depends in part on the growth and
evolution of the internet, especially mobile internet-enabled
devices. The number of people using mobile internet-enabled devices
has increased rapidly over time, and we expect that this trend will
continue. However, the markets in which we operate may not grow in
the way we anticipate. We must continually anticipate and adapt to
emerging technologies to stay competitive, including the
development of AI and its impacts on the advertising ecosystem and
mobile gaming. As the technological infrastructure for internet
access improves and evolves, consumers will be presented with more
opportunities to access apps and play games on a variety of devices
and platforms and to experience other leisure activities that may
compete with mobile apps. Forecasting the financial impact of these
emerging technologies and business models is inherently uncertain
and volatile. If we decide to support a new technology or business
model in the future, it may require partnering with a new platform,
technology, or business partner, which may be on terms that are
less favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or
business models.

To invest in a new technology, enter a new market or expand our
offerings, we must invest financial resources and management
attention. We may invest significant resources in a new offering,
entering a new market or in a strategic acquisition or partnership,
which could prove unsuccessful or prevent us from directing these
resources towards other opportunities. We may never recover the
often-substantial up-front costs of developing and marketing
emerging technologies or business models, or recover the
opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources.
Further, our competitors may adopt an emerging technology or
business model more quickly or effectively than we do, creating
products that are technologically superior to ours or attract more
users than ours.

If, on the other hand, we do not continue to enhance our
Advertising solutions or Apps, or do not appropriately allocate our
resources amongst opportunities, or we otherwise elect not to
pursue new business models that achieve significant commercial
success, we may face adverse consequences. For example, we do not
currently offer our Apps on all devices or all gaming platforms. If
the devices on which our Apps are available decline in popularity
or become obsolete faster than anticipated, or if new platforms
emerge other than those on which our games are offered, we could
experience a decline in revenue and in our number of App users, and
we may not achieve the anticipated return on our development
efforts. It may take significant time and expenditures to shift
product development resources to new technologies, and it may be
more difficult to compete against existing products incorporating
such technologies. If new technologies render mobile devices
obsolete or we are unable to successfully adapt to and
appropriately allocate our resources amongst current and new
technologies, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Our Advertising solutions and Apps, as well as our internal
systems, rely on software and hardware that is highly technical,
and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or
failures to address or mitigate technical limitations in our
systems, could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

Our Advertising solutions and Apps, as well as our internal
systems, rely on software and hardware, including AI technologies,
that are highly technical and complex. In addition, our Advertising
solutions and Apps, as well as our internal systems, depend in part
on the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve,
process, and manage immense amounts of data. The software and
hardware on which we rely has contained, and will in the future
contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities and our systems are
subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our
ability to meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs, or
vulnerabilities inherently may be difficult to detect and may only
be discovered after the code has been released for external or
internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or
technical limitations within the software and hardware on which we
rely have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to,
outcomes including a negative experience for clients and users who
use our offerings, compromised ability of our offerings to perform
in a manner consistent with our terms, contracts, or policies,
delayed product or App launches or enhancements, targeting,
measurement, or billing errors, compromised ability to protect data
and/or our intellectual property, or reductions in our ability to
provide some or all of our services. To the extent such errors,
bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects impact our Advertising solutions
or the accuracy of data in the Advertising solutions, our clients
may become dissatisfied with our offerings, our brand and
reputation may be harmed, and we may make operational decisions,
such as with respect to our Apps using such Advertising solutions
or any future strategic acquisition, that are based on inaccurate
data. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems
or the software and hardware on which we rely, failures to properly
address or mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or
associated degradations or interruptions of service or failures to
fulfill our commitments to our clients may lead to outcomes
including damage to our reputation, increased product engineering
expenses, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines,
damages, or other remedies, any of which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to maintain and scale
our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption to our
Advertising solutions or Apps could damage our reputation, result
in a potential loss of engagement, and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our reputation and ability to attract and retain our clients and
users depends in part on the reliable performance of our
Advertising solutions and Apps. We have in the past experienced,
and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability
or performance of our offerings from time to time. Our systems may
not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability
and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages
that could be harmful to our business. If our offerings are
unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not
load as quickly as expected, users may not use our offerings as
often in the future, or at all, which could adversely affect our
business and results of operations. As we continue to grow, we will
need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including
network capacity and computing power,
                                17                                 
Table of Contents

to continue to satisfy our needs and the needs of our clients and
users. It is possible that we may fail to continue to effectively
scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these
increased demands, which may adversely affect our user engagement
and revenue growth. Additionally, we rely on certain third-party
providers for our increasing network capacity and computing power
needs, and if we fail to properly anticipate our needs or secure
sufficient capacity at a reasonable cost, our ability to scale and
grow our business, or our profitability, could be negatively
impacted. Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or
failures resulting from natural disasters and other events outside
of our control that impact us or these third-party providers. If
such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service
disruptions or outages and we may not be able to recover our
technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to
restart or provide our services. If we fail to efficiently scale
and manage our infrastructure, or if events disrupt our
infrastructure or those of our third-party providers, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

Our revenue has been concentrated in the mobile app ecosystem and
any failure to successfully expand and diversify our revenue
sources beyond the mobile ecosystem could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We face concentration risk in that our Advertising solutions and
Apps operate in the mobile app ecosystem and specifically mobile
gaming. As such, our business depends, in part, on the continued
health and growth of these app ecosystems. Further, a significant
amount of our total revenue is derived through a limited number of
third-party distribution platforms, such as the Apple App Store,
the Google Play Store, and Facebook. Because Facebook and Google
are also significant partners of Adjust, a deterioration in our or
Adjust’s relationship with such companies would have a greater
impact on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. If any of these concentrated portions of our revenue
are harmed or are lost, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our future growth may involve expansion into new business
opportunities, and any efforts to do so that are unsuccessful or
are not cost-effective could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

In the past, we have grown by expanding our offerings into new
business opportunities and we expect to continue to do so. We have
dedicated resources to expanding into adjacent business
opportunities in which large competitors have an established
presence, such as e-commerce. Additionally, our future growth may
include expansion into additional features for for our advertisers
and publishers, other mobile app sectors, social, e-commerce or
related markets, connected TV markets through Wurl, OEM and
carrier-related markets through our Array product initiative, or
other opportunities which may require significant investment in
order to launch and which may not be prove successful. Further, any
such expansion may subject us to new or additional laws and
regulations, compliance with which may be burdensome and costly.
Our future growth depends in part on our ability to correctly
identify areas of investment and to cost-effectively execute on our
plans. For example, we have developed and continue to further
develop our AXON platform to support e-commerce advertisers. The
expansion of our services to this market is still in its early
stages. We also generate revenue through our Wurl CTV business
which provides streaming content distribution and advertising
services. The market for CTV platforms is relatively new and
evolving and this market may develop slower or differently than we
expect. Further, there can be no assurance that we will achieve
broader adoption among e-commerce advertisers or that we will
effectively develop technology for our AXON platform.

We have in the past and may in the future expend significant
resources in connection with strategic acquisitions and
partnerships to expand into new business opportunities. Even if
successful, the growth of any new business opportunity could create
significant challenges for our management and operational resources
and could require considerable investment. The deployment of
significant resources towards a new opportunity that proves
unsuccessful, or our inability to choose the correct investment
opportunities for our future, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business is subject to global economic, market, public health,
and geopolitical conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond
our control and could adversely affect our revenue and results of
operations.

General macroeconomic conditions, such as inflation, high interest
rates, or a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or
internationally, including those resulting from uncertainty in the
global banking and financial services markets, political
uncertainty and international conflicts around the world, such as
between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well as,
friction between the United States and China, could create
uncertainty and adversely affect discretionary consumer spending
habits and preferences as well as advertising spending. Our revenue
is driven in part by discretionary consumer spending habits and
preferences, and by advertising spending patterns. Historically,
consumer purchasing and advertising spending have each declined
during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty regarding
future economic prospects or when disposable income or consumer
lending is lower. In certain periods in 2022, we experienced the
impacts of the macroeconomic deterioration as advertisers more
closely managed budgets and reduced overall spend, which resulted
in slowed growth for our Advertising solutions. Uncertain economic
conditions may impact advertiser spending in future periods and may
also adversely affect our clients, which in turn may harm our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. In
addition, the economic conditions affecting the financial markets,
and uncertainty in global economic conditions may result in a
number of adverse effects including a low level of liquidity in
domestic and global markets, volatility in credit, equity, and
currencies and instability in the stock market. There could be a
number of other follow-on effects from these economic developments
on our business, including customer insolvencies, decreased demand
for our marketing solutions; decreased customer ability to pay
their accounts, and increased collections risk and defaults. We are
particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks associated
with the advertising ecosystem, including changes in user
demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms
                                18                                 
Table of Contents

of entertainment, and critical reviews and public tastes and
preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be
predicted.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and
geopolitical conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond our
control. For example, we have a partner studio located in Belarus
and we have employees located in Israel and as a result of the
international conflict between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle
East, we have incurred and are likely to continue to incur costs to
support our partner studio and employees and address related
challenges. In addition, our management has spent time and
attention on these and related events and will continue to monitor
and assess the ongoing disruptions to our team members, our
management, and our operations, each of which could potentially
harm our business. We may also experience interruptions or delays
in the services they provide to us as a result of such geopolitical
volatilities.

Further, we have operations in China and the continuing tension
between the U.S. and China may impact our business and results of
operations in the future. The U.S. government has restricted the
ability to send certain products and technology to China without an
export license. In many cases, these licenses are subject to a
policy of denial and will not be issued. While our current products
are not restricted by these controls, such controls or future
restrictions could impact our business in the future. It also is
possible that the Chinese government will retaliate in ways that
could impact our business.

While not currently material to the operation of our business,
management and our board of directors have discussed and assessed,
and will continue to discuss and assess, any risks related to
international conflicts around the world, such as in Ukraine and
the Middle East, as well as, tension between the United States. and
China, including but not limited to, risks related to
cybersecurity, sanctions, regulatory changes, and personnel based
in affected regions to ensure we are prepared to react to new
developments or further sanctions as they arise. If we are unable
to promptly or properly react to new developments in these and
other international regions, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our principal offices are located in Palo Alto, an area known for
earthquakes and susceptible to fires, and are thus vulnerable to
damage. All of our facilities are also vulnerable to damage from
natural or manmade disasters, including power loss, earthquakes,
fires, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist
attacks, contagious disease outbreak (such as the COVID-19
pandemic), and similar events. If any disaster were to occur, our
ability to operate our business at our facilities could be impaired
and we could incur significant losses, recovery from which may
require substantial time and expense.

We plan to continue to consider opportunities to expand and
diversify our operations through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. We face a number of risks related to strategic
transactions we may pursue.

We will continue to consider opportunities to expand and diversify
our operations with additional strategic acquisitions or
partnerships, strategic collaborations, joint ventures, or
licensing arrangements. As we continue to grow, these transactions
may be larger and require significant investments, such as our
acquisitions of Adjust, the MoPub business, and Wurl.

We may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions
or partnerships for many reasons, including our ability to identify
suitable targets, increasing competition from other potential
acquirers, the effects of consolidation in our industries,
potentially high valuations of acquisition candidates, and the
availability of financing to complete larger acquisitions. Even if
we do complete any such transactions, we may incur significant
costs, such as professional service fees or publisher bonuses.
Further, completing larger acquisitions or other strategic
transactions can involve significantly more risk in that such
transactions involve complicated integrations and require
significant management attention to complete, and these large
strategic transactions could introduce additional exposure to
regulatory and compliance risk. In addition, applicable antitrust
laws and other regulations may limit our ability to acquire
targets, particularly larger targets, or force us to divest an
acquired business. If we are unable to identify suitable targets or
complete acquisitions, or if such acquisitions lead to heightened
regulatory or compliance risk, our growth prospects could be
adversely affected, and we may not be able to realize sufficient
scale and technological advantages to compete effectively in all
markets.

To complete large strategic transactions, we may need to spend
significant amounts of cash, which may not be available to us on
acceptable terms, if at all, or which could lead us to incur
additional debt (and increased interest expense), assume contingent
liabilities or amortization expenses related to intangible assets,
or write-offs of goodwill and intangible assets. In addition, we
may need to issue significant amounts of equity or equity-linked
consideration, which may dilute our current stockholders’ ownership
and could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock.
Further, we generally devote more time and resources towards
performing diligence on larger transactions and may be required to
devote more resources towards regulatory requirements in connection
with such transactions. To the extent that we do not perform
sufficient diligence on a larger acquisition or such a transaction
does not generate the expected benefits, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations will be harmed, and to a
greater extent than would occur with a smaller transaction.

Absent such strategic transactions, we would need to undertake
additional development or commercialization activities at our own
expense. If we elect to fund and undertake such additional efforts
on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and
additional capital, which may not be available to our company on
acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to do any of the
foregoing, we may not be able to develop our Advertising solutions
and Apps effectively or achieve our expected product roadmap on a
timely basis, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

The benefits of a strategic acquisition or partnership may also
take considerable time to develop, and we cannot be certain that
any particular strategic acquisition or partnership will produce
the intended benefits. If we are unable to identify and complete
strategic acquisitions or partnerships or realize the anticipated
benefits from such transactions, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.
                                19                                 
Table of Contents

Our international operations are subject to increased challenges
and risks.

We expect to continue to expand our international operations in the
future by opening new offices, entering into strategic partnerships
with new international game studios, acquiring companies that may
have international operations, and providing our Apps in additional
countries and languages. For example, our resources are located
throughout the world, including in areas with less certain legal
and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, such as Belarus,
China, Israel and Vietnam and with partners in Russia and Ukraine.
Expanding our international operations may subject us to risks
associated with:

• recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and
employees in foreign countries;

• challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural
differences;

• increased risk of loss, data breaches or cybersecurity attacks
from our global operations;

• developing and customizing Advertising solutions and Apps that
appeal to the tastes and preferences of users in international
markets;

• the inability to offer certain Advertising solutions or Apps in
certain foreign countries;

• competition from local mobile app developers with intellectual
property rights and significant market share in those markets and
with a better understanding of user preferences;

• utilizing, protecting, defending, and enforcing our intellectual
property rights;

• negotiating agreements with local distribution platforms that are
sufficiently economically beneficial to us and protective of our
rights;

• the inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content,
or technology into new jurisdictions;

• implementing alternative payment methods for features and virtual
goods in a manner that complies with local laws and practices and
protects us from fraud;

• compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations,
including anti-bribery laws, privacy laws, AI laws, and laws
relating to content and consumer protection (for example, the
United Kingdom’s Office of Fair Trading’s 2014 principles relating
to IAPs in free-to-play games that are directed toward children 16
and under);

• credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;

• currency exchange rate fluctuations;

• protectionist laws and business practices that favor local
businesses in certain countries;

• double taxation of our international earnings and potentially
adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws in the
United States or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;

• political, economic, macro-economic climate and social
instability, including impacts related to labor, supply chain
disruptions, inflation, and as a result of war, terrorism, or armed
conflict, including international conflicts around the world, such
as between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well as,
increasing friction between the United States and China and the
impacts on their respective regions and the regional and global
economy;

• public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can
result in varying impacts to our employees, clients, users,
advertisers, app developers, and business partners internationally;

• higher costs associated with doing business internationally,
including costs related to local advisors;

• export or import regulations; and

• trade and tariff restrictions.

Our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any
particular international market is uncertain and, in the past, we
have experienced difficulties and have not been successful in all
the countries we have entered. If we are unable to continue to
expand internationally or manage the complexity of our global
operations successfully, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

We have experienced significant growth through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, and we face risks related to the
integration of such acquisitions and the management of such growth.

As part of our growth strategy, we have frequently acquired
companies, businesses, personnel, and technologies, and we intend
to continue to evaluate and pursue strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. For example, we acquired Adjust GmbH in April 2021,
Twitter's MoPub business in January 2022 and Wurl, Inc. in April
2022. Each acquisition requires unique approaches to integration
due to, among other reasons, the structure of the acquisition, the
size, locations, and cultural differences among their team and
ours, and has required, and will continue to require, attention
from our management team. As we continue to grow, the size of our
acquisitions and investments has increased and may continue to
increase. In addition to the larger purchase prices associated with
such acquisitions and investments, larger acquisitions and
investments may also require additional management resources to
integrate more significant and often more complex businesses into
our company. We will continue to
                                20                                 
Table of Contents

explore and evaluate additional acquisitions, some of which may be
the same size or even larger in scale and investment than our
recent acquisitions.

Our future success depends in part on our ability to integrate
these acquisitions and manage these businesses, partnerships, and
transactions effectively. If we are unable to obtain the
anticipated benefits or synergies of such acquisitions, or we
encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with ours,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected.

Challenges and risks from such strategic acquisitions and
partnerships include:

• diversion of our management’s attention in the acquisition and
integration process, including oversight over acquired businesses
which continue their operations under contingent consideration
provisions in acquisition agreements;

• declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from
changes in compensation or benefits, or changes in management,
reporting relationships, or future performance;

• the need to integrate the operations, systems, technologies,
products, and personnel of each acquired company, the
inefficiencies and lack of control that may result if such
integration is delayed or not implemented, and unforeseen
difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with
integration;

• costs associated with onboarding clients of an acquired business;

• the need to implement internal controls, procedures, and policies
appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at companies
that prior to acquisition may not have as robust controls,
procedures, and policies, in particular, with respect to the
effectiveness of internal controls, cyber and information security
practices and incident response plans, compliance with privacy,
data protection, and other regulations protecting the rights of
clients and users, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies
and sanctions which may not have previously been applicable to the
acquired company’s operations;

• the difficulty in accurately forecasting and accounting for the
financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including
accounting charges, write-offs of deferred revenue under purchase
accounting, and integrating and reporting results for acquired
companies that have not historically followed GAAP;

• the implementation of restructuring actions and cost reduction
initiatives to streamline operations and improve cost efficiencies;

• the fact that we may be required to pay contingent consideration
in excess of the initial fair value, and contingent consideration
may become payable at a time when we do not have sufficient cash
available to pay such consideration;

• in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate
operations across different cultures and languages and to address
the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks
associated with specific countries as well as tax risks that may
arise from the acquisition;

• increasing legal, regulatory, and compliance exposure, and the
additional costs related to mitigate each of those, as a result of
adding new offices, employees and other service providers, benefit
plans, equity, job types, and lines of business globally; and

• liability for activities of the acquired company before the
acquisition, including intellectual property, commercial, and other
litigation claims or disputes, security vulnerabilities, violations
of laws, rules and regulations, including with respect to employee
classification, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown
liabilities.

If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage our
acquisitions and strategic partnerships, we may not realize the
expected benefits of such transactions or become exposed to
additional liabilities, and our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our strategic review of our Apps portfolio may not result in
sustained improvements to our financial performance, strategy, or
operations, and we face a number of risks related to such review.

We continue to optimize our Apps portfolio and its cost structure,
focusing on identifying those assets which contribute value and how
best to optimize each of those asset’s contribution to our overall
financial performance. This review resulted in the divestiture or
closure of certain studios, reductions in headcount, restructuring
of earn out arrangements, and other changes to our Apps portfolio,
such as restructuring of certain assets or choosing to make changes
to optimize the cost structure of certain Apps rather than
investing in revenue growth. For example, we have reduced our user
acquisition spend for our portfolio of Apps as we increased our
desired return goals, which has led to improved Apps Adjusted
EBITDA margin compared to periods before such adjustments, but also
contributed to a decline in Apps Revenue and Monthly Active Payers
("MAPs") compared to periods before such adjustments. In addition,
our strategic review and any restructuring actions may lead to
claims being made on behalf of affected employees, which could
result in complaints by current and former employees, adverse media
coverage, investigations, and damages or penalties which could
affect our reputation, business, and results of operations. In
addition, responding to any such proceeding may result in a
significant diversion of management's attention and resources,
significant defense costs, and other professional fees. We may not
achieve the desired strategic, operational, and financial benefits
of any
                                21                                 
Table of Contents

divestiture or other strategic transaction, or any other action
taken as a result of our strategic review, and we may incur near
term impacts to our results of operations due to our strategic
review. For example, in 2022 we incurred $127.9 million in
impairment and loss in connection with the sale of certain assets
resulting from our strategic review of the Apps portfolio. As a
result of this review, we may be subject to risks related to a
decline in the business or employee morale and turnover, as well as
distraction of management from our business and customers, and
investors may not react favorably to our decisions, which could
adversely affect our business, results of operations and the market
price of our Class A common stock.

On February 12, 2025 we announced that we had entered into a term
sheet for the sale of our mobile gaming business to a privately
held company for total consideration of $900.0 million, consisting
of $400.0 million in shares of the acquirer’s common equity and
$500.0 million in cash, subject to customary purchase price
adjustments. While the term sheet includes a binding agreement by
the parties to use commercially reasonable best efforts in good
faith to negotiate and finalize definitive agreements for the
proposed transaction, we cannot provide assurances that such
definitive agreements will be entered into on the terms included in
the term sheet or at all. Further, if such definitive agreements
for the proposed transaction are executed, such agreements may be
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions,
including regulatory approvals, and we may not be able to complete
the proposed transaction or do so in a timely manner. The proposed
transaction will require substantial commitments of time and
resources by our management team and others throughout our
organization, which could otherwise have been devoted to other
opportunities, and failure to complete the proposed transaction may
result in negative publicity, any of which could harm our business
and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships may expose us to tax
risks.

From time to time, we have acquired and may acquire companies,
assets, businesses, and technologies and we have entered into and
may enter into other strategic partnerships and transactions. We
face a variety of tax risks related to such transactions, including
that we may be required to make tax withholdings in various
jurisdictions in connection with such transactions or as part of
our continuing operations following a transaction, and that the
companies or businesses we acquire may cause us to alter our
international tax structure or otherwise create more complexity
with respect to tax matters. Additionally, while we typically
include indemnification provisions in our definitive agreements
related to strategic acquisitions and partnerships, these
indemnification provisions may be insufficient in the event that
tax liabilities are greater than expected or in areas that are not
fully covered by indemnification. If we are unable to adequately
predict and address such tax issues as they arise, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming
studios, and a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our
ability to launch new Apps as well as our brand and reputation.

From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with
mobile gaming studios in addition to those studios that are wholly-
owned. We have historically allowed our strategic partner studios
to continue their operations with a degree of autonomy. In certain
of these transactions, we have bought games from such partner
studios and entered into development agreements whereby such
partner studios provide us support in developing and improving
games. These agreements typically have a fixed term, after which
our partner studios may choose not to continue working with us. Any
deterioration in our relationship with partner studios may harm our
ability to monetize the games we purchase or develop and launch
future mobile games developed by partner studios and may lead to
such partner studios choosing not to renew their partnerships with
us or continue to develop new games or support existing games.
Further, if a partner studio becomes dissatisfied with us, our
brand and reputation may be harmed and we may have more difficulty
entering into similar partnerships in the future. Additionally, our
international partner studios may be located in areas with less
certain legal and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, which
may increase our costs to maintain such strategic partnership. If
we are unable to maintain any of these partnerships, we may be
required to invest significant resources in expanding our other
studios or entering into agreements with additional mobile gaming
studios in order to continue producing the same volume and quality
of Apps, and our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. Our announced term sheet
for the sale of our mobile gaming business includes these strategic
partnerships. If the definitive agreements for the proposed
transaction are executed, such agreements may be subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of certain conditions, including regulatory
approvals, and we may not be able to complete the proposed
transaction or do so in a timely manner. Failure to complete the
proposed transaction may result in negative publicity. Any of the
foregoing could harm our business and cause the market price of our
Class A common stock to decline.

If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully
monetize them, or continue to improve the experience and
monetization of our existing Apps, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our Apps portfolio depends in part on launching or acquiring, and
continuing to service, mobile apps that users will download and
spend time and money using. We have devoted and we may in the
future continue to devote substantial resources to the research,
development, analytics, and marketing of our Apps. Our development
and marketing efforts are focused on improving the experience of
our existing Apps, developing new Apps, and successfully monetizing
our Apps. Our Apps generate revenue primarily through the sale of
advertising, a substantial portion of which comes from other mobile
gaming clients, and IAPs. For Apps distributed through third-party
platforms, we are required to share a portion of the proceeds from
in-game sales with the platform providers, which share may be
subject to changes or increases over time. In order to achieve and
maintain our profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue
from our existing and new Apps to offset our ongoing development,
marketing, and other operating expenses.
                                22                                 
Table of Contents

Successfully monetizing our Apps is difficult and requires that we
deliver user experiences that a sufficient number of users will pay
for through IAPs or we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize
our Apps, including by serving IAA. The success of our Apps depends
in part on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control
including user preferences, competing apps, new third-party
platforms, and the availability of other entertainment experiences.
If our Apps do not meet user expectations or if they are not
brought to market in a timely and effective manner, our business
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

In addition, our ability to successfully launch or acquire Apps and
their ability to achieve commercial success will depend in part on
our ability to:

• effectively and efficiently market our Apps to existing and new
users;

• achieve a positive return on investment from our marketing and
user acquisition costs or achieve organic user growth;

• adapt to changing trends, user preferences, new technologies, and
new feature sets for mobile and other devices, including
determining whether to invest in development for any new
technologies, and achieve a positive return on the costs associated
with such adaptation;

• continue to adapt mobile app feature sets for an increasingly
diverse set of mobile devices, including various operating systems
and specifications, limited bandwidth, and varying processing power
and screen sizes;

• achieve and maintain successful user engagement and effectively
monetize our Apps;

• develop mobile games that can build upon or become franchise
games and expand and enhance our mobile games after their initial
releases;

• develop Apps other than mobile games;

• identify and execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;

• attract advertisers to advertise on our Apps;

• partner with third-party platforms and obtain featuring
opportunities;

• compete successfully against a large and growing number of
competitors;

• accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations,
including mobile app and feature development, marketing, and user
acquisition;

• minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages;

• acquire, or invest in, and successfully integrate high quality
mobile app companies or technologies;

• retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other
key personnel from such acquisitions and investments; and
• optimize the value of our Apps portfolio, including actions we
may take that reduce Apps Revenue in order to seek higher margins
and the effects of the review on morale and personnel.
These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we
will succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if
successful, certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games,
may have a relatively short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand
into additional genres of mobile games or additional categories of
mobile apps, we will face risks as well as market, legal and
regulatory challenges specific to those genres or categories. For
example, in mid-core games, there is typically a higher upfront
investment prior to the launch of a game compared to casual games,
which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose us to
greater risks as our financial condition and results of operations
will be more significantly adversely affected to the extent such a
game does not become popular and commercially successful. If we are
not successful in launching new mobile games or expanding into
other genres of mobile games or categories of mobile apps, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

If we fail to retain existing users or add new users cost-
effectively, or if our users decrease their level of engagement
with Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

The size of our user base and the level of user engagement with our
Apps are critical to our success. Our results of operations have
been and will continue to be significantly determined by our
success in acquiring and engaging App users. We expect that the
number of our App users may fluctuate or decline as a result of
apps divestitures or other actions we have taken in connection with
our review of our Apps portfolio, or in one or more markets from
time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher
penetration rates or where the macroeconomic conditions have been
negatively impacted. For example, we have reduced our user
acquisition spend for our portfolio of Apps as we increased our
desired return goals, which has contributed to a decline in MAPs
compared to periods before such adjustments. In addition, if people
do not perceive our Apps as useful or entertaining, we may not be
able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase
the frequency and duration of their engagement, which could harm
our revenue. A number of mobile apps that achieved early popularity
have since seen their user bases or user engagement levels decline.
There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion
of our App users or user engagement levels. Our user engagement
patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be
                                23                                 
Table of Contents

difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and
different Apps. Any number of factors can adversely affect user
growth and engagement, including if:

• users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors
or mobile apps in categories other than those of our Apps;

• we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find
engaging or that achieve a high level of market acceptance or we
introduce new Apps, or make changes to existing Apps that are not
favorably received;

• users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the
decisions we make with respect to the frequency, prominence,
format, size, and quality of advertisements that we display;

• users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise
accessing our Apps as a result of actions by us or third parties;

• we are unable to continue to develop Apps that work with a
variety of mobile operating systems and networks;

• there are changes mandated by legislation, government and
regulatory authorities, or litigation that adversely affect our
products or users; and

• questions about the quality of our Apps, our data practices or
concerns related to privacy and sharing or other processing of user
data, safety, security, or other factors.

Additionally, we expect it will become increasingly difficult and
more expensive for us to acquire users for our Apps for a variety
of reasons, including the increasingly competitive nature of the
mobile app ecosystem and the significant amount of time and
attention users are dedicating to competing entertainment options.
Further, we believe that the changes that Apple has implemented
during the last several years to its platform, particularly the
removal of the Top Grossing rankings and decreasing the prominence
of the Top Free rankings as well as transparency and IDFA changes,
have adversely affected the number of organic downloads of our
Apps. If our competitors increase their user acquisition spending,
we could experience higher costs per an install for our Apps, which
would adversely affect our revenue and margins. Furthermore, our
spending on user acquisition is based on certain assumptions about
their projected behavior, particularly for new Apps for which we do
not have similar Apps in our portfolio to aid us in our modeling
efforts. If we are unable to grow our user base and increase our
user engagement levels, or unable to do so cost effectively, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

We have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be
indicative of our future growth. We may be unable to effectively
manage the growth of our business, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We have experienced rapid growth in the scale, scope, and
complexity of our business. For example, our Advertising Revenue
has expanded rapidly, in particular since the launch of our AI-
powered advertising recommendation engine, AXON. Our growth in any
prior period should not be relied upon as an indication of our
future performance, as we may not be able to sustain our growth
rate in the future. Even if our revenue continues to increase, we
expect that our revenue growth rate may decline in the future as a
result of a variety of factors, including because of more difficult
comparisons to prior periods and the saturation of the market. The
overall growth of our revenue depends in part on our ability to
execute on our growth strategies.

Additionally, the growth and expansion of our business has placed
and continues to place a significant strain on our management,
operations, financial infrastructure, and corporate culture. Our
future success depends in part on our ability to manage this
expanded business. If not managed effectively, this growth could
result in the over-extension of our management systems and
information technology systems and our internal controls and
procedures may not be adequate to support this growth. Failure to
adequately manage our growth in any of these ways may cause damage
to our brand and reputation and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to increase IAPs,
manage the economies in our Apps and respond to changes with
respect to IAPs, and any failure to do so could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our Apps portfolio depends in part on our ability to increase the
amount of IAPs in our Apps, which requires our studios to
effectively design mobile games and other apps that create features
and virtual goods for which users will pay. Users make IAPs because
of the perceived in-app value of virtual goods, which is dependent
on the relative ease of obtaining an equivalent good by playing our
mobile games. The perceived in-app value of these virtual goods can
be impacted by various actions that we take in the mobile games
including offering discounts for virtual goods, giving away virtual
goods in promotions, or providing easier non-paid means to secure
these goods. Managing virtual economies is difficult and relies on
our assumptions and judgment. Further, changes in user preferences,
including with respect to how they interact with mobile apps and
general views towards IAPs, could decrease levels of spending on
IAPs on our Apps and in the mobile app ecosystem generally. If we
fail to manage our virtual economies properly or fail to promptly
and successfully respond to any disruption in such economies, our
reputation may be harmed and our users may be less likely to play
our mobile games and to purchase virtual goods from us in the
future, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

In addition, changes in the policies of Apple, Google, or other
third-party platforms, or changes in accounting policies
promulgated by the SEC, and national accounting standards bodies
affecting software and virtual goods revenue recognition, could
further significantly affect the way we report revenue related to
IAPs, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
                                24                                 
Table of Contents

Any changes in user, third-party platform, or regulator views
towards IAPs, or any inability by us to respond to changing trends
with respect to IAPs, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and
we may not be able to achieve or maintain our profitability in any
given period. If we cannot achieve or maintain our profitability,
our business could be adversely affected.

Although we have been profitable on a GAAP basis and had positive
cash flow from operations in certain prior periods, we may not
always achieve sufficient revenue or manage our expenses in order
to achieve positive cash flow from operations or profitability in
any given period. Our operating expenses may continue to rise over
the long term as we implement additional initiatives designed to
increase revenue, potentially including: developing our Advertising
solutions and technology stack, launching Apps, strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, international expansion, hiring
additional employees, and taking other steps to strengthen and grow
our company. We are likely to recognize costs associated with these
investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the
return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more
slowly, than we expect. We also anticipate that the costs of
acquiring new clients and mobile app users, and otherwise marketing
our Advertising solutions and Apps, will continue to rise. Further,
we may continue to incur significant costs in connection with
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, which costs may increase
or become more concentrated to the extent we enter into larger
transactions. If we are not able to maintain positive cash flow in
the long term, we may require additional financing, which may not
be available on favorable terms or at all, and which may be
dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to generate adequate
revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur significant
losses in the future and may not be able to maintain positive cash
flow from operations or profitability.
We generally do not have long-term agreements with our clients.
Our clients are not required to enter into long-term agreements
with us and may choose to stop using our Advertising solutions at
any time. For example, typically our advertising agreements can be
executed in as little as one day and can be terminated for
convenience on two days’ notice. In order to continue to grow our
Advertising solutions, we must consistently provide offerings that
clients see as valuable and choose to use. If we fail to maintain
our relationships with our clients, or if the terms of these
relationships become less favorable to us, our results of
operations would be harmed. Additionally, as certain of our clients
are also our competitors, these clients may choose to invest in
their own offerings rather than continue to use our Advertising
solutions. Any failure to maintain our relationships with clients
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

If our Apps do not meet user expectations, or contain objectionable
content, our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected.

Expectations regarding the quality, performance, and integrity of
our Apps are high. We must continually adapt to changing user
preferences including the popularity of various game categories,
style of play, and IAP options. Users may be critical of our Apps,
business models, or business practices for a wide variety of
reasons, including perceptions about gameplay, fairness, game
content, features, or services. Independent industry analysts may
publish reviews of our Apps from time to time, as well as those of
our competitors, and perception of our Apps in the marketplace may
be significantly influenced by these reviews. We have no control
over what users or these industry analysts report. If users and
industry analysts negatively respond to our Apps or changes that we
make to our Apps, or provide negative reviews of our Apps, our
reputation, business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Further, despite reasonable precautions, some users may be offended
by certain mobile app content, advertisements displayed in our Apps
or by the treatment of other users. For example, if users believe
that an advertisement displayed in an App contains objectionable
content, we could experience damage to our brand and reputation and
users could refuse to play such game and pressure platform
providers to remove the App from their platforms. While such
content may violate our terms and we may subsequently remove it,
our brand and reputation may nonetheless be harmed and our clients
may become dissatisfied with our services. Furthermore, steps that
we may take in response to such instances, such as temporarily or
permanently shutting off access of a user to our Apps, could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any
failure to meet user expectations or provide our Apps without
objectionable content could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we do not successfully or cost-effectively invest in and
maintain awareness of the AppLovin brand, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We believe that investing in and maintaining the AppLovin brand is
critical to maintaining and creating favorable relationships with,
and our ability to attract, new clients, and key personnel.
Increasing awareness of the AppLovin brand will depend largely upon
our marketing efforts and our ability to successfully differentiate
our Advertising solutions from the offerings of our competitors. In
addition, successfully globalizing and extending our brand requires
significant investment and extensive management time. If we fail to
maintain and increase brand awareness and recognition of our
Advertising solutions, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Third parties with whom we do business may be unable to honor their
obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.

We rely on third parties for various aspects of our business,
including demand-side platforms, agencies, advertising partners,
and publishers who use our Advertising solutions. Their actions may
violate our contracts, policies, and applicable laws
                                25                                 
Table of Contents

and regulations, or may otherwise put our business and reputation
at risk. Demand-side platforms may be given access to personal
information in order to bid on advertising inventory, and they may
misappropriate and engage in unauthorized use of our information,
technology or customers' data. In violation of our policies,
advertisers may enable the serving of ads that contain prohibited,
restricted, or inappropriate content, or content that otherwise
fails to adhere to country-specific laws, rules, or regulations. We
also work with advertisers that operate sports gambling apps, apps
that involve real money gambling, and apps in other regulated
industries and markets, each of which imposes additional regulatory
requirements on these advertisers, which they may not comply with.
A vast amount of publishers attempt to use our Advertising
solutions, a number of which may attempt to monetize prohibited,
restricted, or inappropriate content, or may engage or attempt to
engage in fraudulent or other unlawful activity in violation of our
policies, which in turn imposes additional operational costs to
protect our platform, may trigger additional law enforcement or
other inquiries, may put our reputation at risk, and may otherwise
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

The failure of these third parties to provide or maintain adequate
services and technologies could result in a disruption to our
business operations. Further, disruptions in the mobile application
industry, or financial markets, economic downturns, and poor
business decisions may adversely affect our partners and may
increase their propensity to engage in fraud or other unlawful
activity which could harm our business or reputation, and they may
not be able to honor their obligations to us, or we may cease our
arrangements with them.
                                                                   
  Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters                    
                                                                   
We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy,
information security, data protection, consumer protection,
advertising, tracking, targeting, and protection of minors, and
these laws and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or
perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We receive, store, and process personal information and other data,
including data relating to individuals and households, and we
enable our users to share their personal information with each
other and with third parties, including within our Apps. Numerous
federal, state, and local laws around the world address privacy and
the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, deletion,
protection, and other processing of personal information and other
data, including data relating to individuals and households, the
scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations,
and may be inconsistent between jurisdictions or conflict with
other obligations.

Various government and consumer agencies have called for, or sought
to implement, new regulation and changes in industry practices
relating to the collection and processing of information concerning
consumer behavior, including by restricting certain targeted
advertising practices. For example, the GDPR, which became
effective in May 2018, created new individual privacy rights and
imposed worldwide obligations on companies processing personal data
of European Union ("EU") users, which has created a greater
compliance burden for us and other companies with European users,
and subjects violators to substantial monetary penalties. The
United Kingdom has implemented legislation that substantially
implements the GDPR and which also provides for substantial
monetary penalties. In June 2021, the European Commission announced
a decision of “adequacy” concluding that the United Kingdom ensures
an equivalent level of data protection to the GDPR, which generally
permits personal data flows from the European Economic Area ("EEA")
to the United Kingdom. Such adequacy decision must, however, be
renewed after four years and may be modified or revoked in the
interim. In October 2022, the United Kingdom announced its plans to
depart from the GDPR and implement its own framework, and United
Kingdom lawmakers have proposed legislation that would cause its
data protection framework to deviate from the GDPR in certain
respects. We cannot fully predict how United Kingdom data
protection laws or regulations may develop in the medium to longer
term, nor the impacts of divergent laws and guidance regarding EU
and United Kingdom data protection law.

With regard to transfers to the United States of personal data from
our employees and European users and other third parties, we
historically relied upon the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
programs as well as standard contractual clauses approved by the EU
Commission (the "SCCs"); however, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and
the SCCs have been subject to legal challenge, and on July 16,
2020, the Court of Justice of the EU held in the Schrems II case
that the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield was invalid and imposed obligations
in connection with use of the SCCs. EU regulators also have issued
guidance that we and other companies must consider and undertake
when using the SCCs. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission
adopted new SCCs to reflect GDPR requirements. The United Kingdom’s
Information Commissioner’s Office also has issued new standard
contractual clauses for which implementation is required. Further,
the Austrian, French, Italian, and Danish data protection
authorities have indicated that use of Google Analytics by European
website operators involves the unlawful transfer of personal data
to the United States. In March 2022, the EU and U.S. agreed in
principle upon a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework ("EU-U.S.
DPF"). On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted an
adequacy decision in relation to the EU-U.S. DPF, allowing it to be
used to legitimize EU-U.S. personal data transfers for
participating entities. The United Kingdom and U.S. also have
established a UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (the "UK Extension"),
effective October 12, 2023, whereby entities participating in the
EU-U.S. DPF may rely upon the UK Extension to legitimize United
Kingdom-U.S. personal data transfers. Further, on July 17, 2023,
the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”), which
provides for a means of legitimizing personal data transfers from
Switzerland to the U.S., entered into effect. We are self-certified
under the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension. The
EU-U.S. DPF, has faced legal challenge, and it and the Swiss-U.S.
DPF, and UK Extension may be subject to further legal challenges.
The European Commission's adequacy decision regarding the EU-U.S.
DPF provides that the EU-U.S. DPF will be subject to future reviews
and may be subject to suspension, amendment, repeal, or limitations
to its scope by the European Commission. The SCCs and other cross-
border data transfer mechanisms may also be
                                26                                 
Table of Contents

the subject of additional legislative activity and regulatory
guidance. We and many other companies may need to implement
different or additional measures to establish or maintain
legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of personal data from
the EEA, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or other jurisdictions to
the United States, and we may, in addition to other impacts,
experience additional costs associated with increased compliance
burdens, and we and our clients face the potential for regulators
to apply different standards to the transfer of personal data from
various jurisdictions to the United States and to block, or require
ad hoc verification of measures taken with respect to, certain data
flows. We also may find it necessary to engage in contract
negotiations with third parties that aid in processing data on our
behalf to address cross-border data transfer matters. We may not be
able to find alternative service providers, which could limit our
ability to process personal data from impacted jurisdictions and
increase our costs and/or impact our Advertising solutions Apps, or
other offerings. We and our clients may face a risk of enforcement
actions by data protection authorities relating to personal data
transfers. Any such enforcement actions could result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources, distract management and technical
personnel, and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Similar to the GDPR, in September 2020,
Brazil enacted the Brazilian General Data Protection Law. China has
enacted a new data privacy law known as PIPL, effective November 1,
2021, which adopts a stringent data transfer regime requiring,
among other things, data subject consent for certain data
transfers. Any of these developments may have an adverse effect on
our business.

Moreover, the GDPR and other similar regulations require companies
to give specific types of notice and in some cases seek consent
from consumers and other data subjects before collecting or using
their data for certain purposes, including some marketing
activities. The European Commission has a draft regulation, known
as the Regulation of Privacy and Electronic Communications
("ePrivacy Regulation"), which would replace the current ePrivacy
Directive. Originally planned to be adopted and implemented at the
same time as the GDPR, the ePrivacy Regulation is still being
negotiated. On February 10, 2021, the Council of the EU agreed on
its version of the draft ePrivacy Regulation. If adopted, ePrivacy
Regulation could have broad impacts on the use of internet-based
services and tracking technologies, such as cookies. Aspects of the
ePrivacy Regulation remain for negotiation between the European
Commission and the Council.

Another example is California’s passage of the CCPA, which went
into effect on January 1, 2020, and created new privacy rights for
residents, including a private right of action for data breaches.
The CPRA was approved by California voters in November 2020, went
into effect on January 1, 2023, and significantly modified the
CCPA, resulting in further uncertainty. Additionally, other states
in the U.S. have proposed or enacted laws addressing privacy and
cybersecurity, many of which are comprehensive statutes containing
obligations similar to the CCPA and CPRA, that have taken effect or
will take effect in coming years. Certain of these laws provide for
private rights of action, which may increase the likelihood of
class action litigation, that could also adversely affect our
reputation, business, financial condition, and results of
operations. The U.S. federal government is also contemplating
federal privacy legislation. Our efforts to comply with the CCPA,
as modified by the CPRA, and other existing and future legal
requirements have required us and will continue to require us to
devote significant operational resources and incur significant
costs and expenses. Our compliance and oversight efforts regarding
privacy, data protection, and security will require significant
time and attention from our management and board of directors.

Further, children’s privacy has been a focus of recent enforcement
activities and subjects our business to potential liability that
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or
operating results. Enforcement of COPPA, which requires companies
to obtain parental consent before collecting personal information
from children known to be under the age of thirteen or from child-
directed websites or online services, has increased in recent
years, and the FTC has proposed modifications to its rules
implementing COPPA that, if implemented, may subject us to
additional liability and require us to dedicate additional
compliance resources and modify certain policies and practices. In
addition, the GDPR prohibits certain processing of the personal
information of children under the age of thirteen to sixteen
(depending on jurisdiction) without parental consent where consent
is used as the lawful basis for processing that personal
information. The CCPA, as amended and supplemented by the CPRA,
requires companies to obtain the consent of children in California
under the age of sixteen (or parental consent for children under
the age of thirteen) before selling their personal information.
There also may be various laws, regulations, industry standards,
codes of conduct, or other actual or asserted obligations relating
to children’s privacy to which we may be, or be asserted to be,
subject, or that may otherwise impact our business and operations.
For example, the United Kingdom’s Age Appropriate Design Code
(“AADC”) is one such regulatory framework that has been adopted in
the United Kingdom that focuses on online safety and protection of
children’s privacy online, and similar frameworks are being
considered in other jurisdictions. Although we take reasonable
efforts to comply with applicable laws and regulations and certain
other standards, we may in the future face claims under COPPA, the
GDPR, the CCPA, the CPRA, or other laws, regulations, or other
actual or asserted obligations relating to children’s privacy.

We endeavor to comply with industry standards and are subject to
the terms of our privacy-related obligations and commitments to
users and third parties. We strive to comply with all applicable
laws, policies, legal obligations, and certain industry codes of
conduct relating to privacy and data protection, to the extent
reasonably attainable. However, it is possible that these or other
actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy, data
protection, or information security may be interpreted and applied
in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another
and may conflict with other rules or our practices. It is also
possible that laws, policies, legal obligations, or industry codes
of conduct may be implemented, modified, or interpreted, in manners
that could prevent us from offering services to categories of
users, such as residents of a certain jurisdiction, or may make it
costlier or more difficult for us to do so. Any failure or
perceived failure by us to comply with our terms of service or
privacy policy, or with applicable laws, regulations, or legal,
contractual, or other actual or asserted obligations to users or
third parties, concerning privacy, information security, data
protection, consumer protection, or protection of minors; or our
privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security
that results, or is perceived to result, in the unauthorized
release or
                                27                                 
Table of Contents

transfer of personal information or other user data, may result in
governmental enforcement actions or other proceedings, claims,
demands, and litigation by private parties, or public statements
against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause
our users to lose trust in us, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as users,
developers, vendors, service providers, or other business partners
violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also
put our users’ information at risk and could in turn adversely
affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many
of which are unsettled and still developing, which could subject us
to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and
abroad, and it is possible that a number of laws and regulations
may be adopted or construed to apply to us in the United States and
elsewhere that could affect our business and restrict the
advertising ecosystem or development of our technologies, including
state and federal laws regarding antitrust, consumer protection,
electronic marketing, protection of minors, data protection, and
privacy, communications, content suitability, distribution,
competition, taxation, intellectual property, machine learning and
AI, money transmission, money laundering, investment screening,
export, national security, and climate change, which are
continuously evolving and developing and any such policy and
regulatory changes could impose operational and compliance burdens.
The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be
applicable to us are often uncertain and evolving and may be
conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. There is
a risk that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner
that is not consistent with our current practices and which could
adversely affect our business. As our Advertising solutions grow
and evolves, including through the use of and integration of AI
technologies, and our Advertising solutions and our Apps are used
in a greater number of countries and on a larger scale, we may also
become subject to new laws and regulations in additional
jurisdictions or jurisdictions may claim that we are required to
comply with their laws and regulations. The regulation of AI
technologies is a relatively new and evolving area of law which we
may become subject to as we continue to explore the use of AI
technologies in our current and future products. For example, in
the EU, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act imposes a regulatory
framework for the companies' development and use of AI systems, and
numerous state laws have been proposed, and in certain cases
enacted, regulating aspects of the development and use of AI
systems. Beyond the EU and U.S., many other countries have proposed
AI-related legal frameworks. There is a risk that existing or
future laws may be interpreted in a manner that is not consistent
with our current practices and which could adversely affect our
business.

With respect to our Apps, we are potentially subject to a number of
foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering
of certain types of content, such as content that depicts violence,
the social casino game genre, or loot boxes, many of which are
ambiguous or still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that
could adversely affect our business or expose us to liability. Some
state attorneys general as well as other international regulatory
bodies have brought and may continue to bring legal actions against
social casino app developers and the third-party distribution
platforms for such apps. Further, several jurisdictions have been
regulating and continue to regulate the use of loot boxes in mobile
games. Loot boxes are a commonly used monetization technique in
free-to-play mobile games in which a user can acquire a virtual
loot box, typically through mobile game play or by using virtual
goods, but the user does not know which virtual good(s) he or she
will receive (which may be a common, rare, or extremely rare item,
and may be a duplicate of an item the user already has in his or
her inventory) until the loot box is opened. The user will always
receive one or more virtual goods when he or she opens the loot
box, but the user does not know exactly which item(s) until the
loot box is opened. In April 2018, each of the Belgian Gaming
Commission and the Dutch Gambling Authority declared that loot
boxes as implemented in certain games by other companies that they
reviewed constituted illegal gambling under each country’s laws.
Further, the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") has examined
consumer protection issues related to loot boxes and various other
jurisdictions, including certain U.S. states, Australia, Brazil,
and the United Kingdom are reviewing or have indicated that they
intend to review the legality of loot boxes and whether they
constitute gambling. Additionally, in 2021, Germany approved a new
Youth Protection Act, that came into effect on May 1, 2021, which
makes it unlawful to sell video games that contain loot boxes to
minors. In some of our mobile games, certain mechanics may be
deemed as “loot boxes”. New regulation by the FTC, U.S. states, or
other international jurisdictions could require that these game
mechanics be modified or removed from games or that such apps be
changed entirely, both of which could increase the costs of
operating our mobile games, impact user engagement and
monetization, or otherwise adversely affect our business. In
addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as
a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our
reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. It is
difficult to predict how existing or new laws may be applied to
these or similar game mechanics or genres. Further, laws or
regulations may vary significantly across jurisdictions.

Furthermore, the growth and development of electronic commerce and
virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent consumer
protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies
such as ours conducting business through the internet and mobile
devices. For example, China implemented a new policy in September
2021 that restricts online gaming for those under age 18 to one
hour in the evening on Fridays, weekends and public holidays. We
anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of our industry will
increase and we will be required to devote legal and other
resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws
or new laws regarding the marketing of IAPs, labeling of free-to-
play mobile games, or regulation of currency, banking institutions,
unclaimed property or money transmission may be interpreted to
cover our mobile games and the virtual currency, goods, or payments
that we receive. We may also expand into new business opportunities
that subject us to additional laws and regulations. As such, we may
be required to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals from
relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us
meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be
subject to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could
significantly increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws
or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the
United States or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen
                                28                                 
Table of Contents

the growth of the advertising ecosystem. Any costs incurred as a
result of adapting to laws and regulations, or as a result of
liability in connection therewith, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, reputation and results of
operations.

The development and use of AI in our business, combined with an
uncertain regulatory environment, may adversely affect our
business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.

We use AI technologies in connection with the development of our
Advertising solutions, including our latest AI-powered advertising
engine, AXON, and other product offerings, as well as in other
aspects of our business, and we will continue to invest in the
expansion of our AI capabilities, including possibly generative AI.
These technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and the
development of AI technologies can require significant investment.
Expanding our AI capabilities subjects us to many of the risks
discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, including risks
relating to rapid technological change, the highly technical nature
of software, and competition.

Additionally, the introduction of AI technologies into new or
existing products or other offerings may result in new or enhanced
governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, confidentiality,
privacy, data protection, or security risks, social or ethical
concerns, or other complications that could adversely affect our
business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
The impact of AI technology on intellectual property ownership and
licensing rights, including copyright, has not been fully addressed
by U.S. courts or other federal or state laws or regulations, and
the use of third-party AI technologies in connection with our
products and services may result in exposure to claims of copyright
infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation. AI
technologies, including generative AI, may create content that is,
or is perceived to be, deficient, inaccurate, biased, offensive,
unethical, or otherwise flawed. Our customers or others may rely on
or use this content to their detriment, which may expose us to
brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, and/or legal
liability.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar
anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and non-compliance with such
laws could subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines
and adversely affect our business and reputation.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"),
the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the
U.S. Travel Act, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws
applicable in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in
recent years, are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies, their
employees, and third party business partners, representatives, and
agents from promising, authorizing, making or offering improper
payments or other benefits, directly or indirectly, to government
officials and others in the private sector in order to influence
official action, direct business to any person, gain any improper
advantage, or obtain or retain business. As we continue to expand
our business internationally, our risks under these laws increase.

We and our employees, third-party business partners,
representatives, and agents may have direct or indirect
interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or
state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for
the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, third-
party business partners, representatives, and agents, even if we do
not explicitly authorize such activities. These laws also require
that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal
controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such
actions. While we have policies and procedures to address
compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees,
third-party business partners, representatives, and agents will not
take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, for
which we may be ultimately held responsible and our exposure for
violating these laws increases as our international presence
expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign
jurisdictions.

Any allegations or violations of the FCPA or other applicable anti-
corruption laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse
media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe
criminal or civil sanctions, suspension or disbarment from U.S.
government contracts, substantial diversion of management’s
attention, significant legal fees and fines, severe criminal or
civil sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees,
disgorgement of profits, other sanctions and remedial measures, and
prohibitions on the conduct of our business, any of which could
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and
results of operations. Responding to any investigation or action
will likely result in a significant diversion of management’s
attention and resources and significant defense costs and other
professional fees.

We are subject to governmental export controls and economic
sanctions laws that could impair our ability to compete in global
markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls.

Our Advertising solutions and Apps may be subject to U.S. export
controls, including the Export Administration Regulations. Under
these regulations, exports of our products and services as well as
the underlying technology may require export authorizations,
including by license, a license exception, or other appropriate
government authorizations, and the filing of a classification
request or self-classification report to use a license exception,
as applicable.

Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions
laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of
Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control that prohibit the
provision of services and the export of hardware, software, and
technology to embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without
the required export authorizations. These laws, regulations, and
sanctions are rapidly evolving and may be in conflict across
international jurisdictions, leading to uncertainty and difficulty
in achieving full compliance. Should we violate such existing or
similar future sanctions or regulations, we may be subject to
substantial monetary fines or suffer reputational damage and other
penalties that could negatively impact our business. If we need to
obtain any necessary export licenses or other authorizations for a
particular sale, the process may be time-consuming and may result
in the delay or loss of opportunities to sell our products.
                                29                                 
Table of Contents

We take precautions to prevent our products and services and the
underlying technology from being provided, deployed or used in
violation of export control and sanctions laws, including
implementation of IP address blocking and sanctioned person
screening, and continue to evaluate and further enhance our
policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions
compliance. However, we cannot assure you that our policies and
procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance will
prevent violations in the future by us or our partners or agents.
If we are found to be in violation of U.S. sanctions or export
control regulations, including failure to obtain appropriate
import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, it can result in
significant penalties and government investigations, as well as
reputational harm and loss of business. Knowing and willful
violations can result in possible incarcerations for responsible
employees and managers.

In addition to the United States, various other countries regulate
the import and export of certain encryption and other technology,
including import and export licensing requirements, and have
enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our
products or could limit our clients’ ability to implement our
products in those countries. Changes in our Advertising solutions
or Apps, or future changes in export and import regulations may
create delays in the introduction of our products and the
underlying technology in international markets, prevent our clients
with global operations from deploying our products globally, or, in
some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain
countries, governments, or persons altogether.

Our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and
client and user base in international markets and acquiring
companies that may operate in countries where we do not already do
business. Such acquisitions may subject us to additional or
expanded export regulations. Further, any change in export or
import regulations or controls, economic sanctions or related
legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or
technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in
decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to
export or sell our products to, existing or potential clients with
global operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation
on our ability to export or sell our products in major
international markets could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our
effective tax rates, business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to tax laws, regulations, and rulings in the United
States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Changes in tax laws or
tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws, in the
tax regimes that we are subject to or operate under could cause us
to be subject to additional income-based taxes and non-income taxes
(such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital services, net
worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
For example, beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
requires U.S. research and experimental expenditures to be
capitalized and amortized ratably over a five-year period. Any such
expenditures attributable to research conducted outside the U.S.
must be capitalized and amortized over a 15-year period. In
addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the "IRA"), enacted
in August 2022, imposed a one-percent non-deductible excise tax on
repurchases of stock that are made by U.S. publicly traded
corporations on or after January 1, 2023, which may affect our
share repurchase program. The IRA also imposes a 15% minimum tax on
global adjusted financial statement income for tax years beginning
after December 31, 2022 for certain large companies. Finally, a
number of other countries and organizations such as the
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, have enacted
changes to existing tax laws or new laws that could impact our tax
obligations, including a framework that imposes a 15% global
minimum tax, which has been implemented into the domestic laws of
some jurisdictions in the European Union, effective for fiscal
years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. These or other new
rules could result in double taxation of our international
earnings. Any significant changes to our future effective tax rate
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.

Our tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating
structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in
which we develop, value, manage, and use our intellectual property
and the valuation of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws
applicable to our business, including the laws of the United States
and other jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation and certain
jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting their laws in new ways
in an effort to raise additional tax revenue. Our existing
corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been
implemented in a manner we believe is in compliance with current
prevailing tax laws. However, the taxing authorities of the
jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies
for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements,
which could impact our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover,
changes to our corporate structure and intercompany agreements,
including through future acquisitions or divestitures, in addition
to changes in domestic or international tax laws (such as the
proposed 15% global minimum tax, which has been implemented into
the domestic laws of some jurisdictions) could impact our worldwide
effective tax rate and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

In addition, we are subject to federal, state, and local taxes in
the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant
judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and our
worldwide provision for (benefit from) taxes. During the ordinary
course of business, there are many activities and transactions for
which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our tax
obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely affected by
changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws,
regulations, principles, and interpretations, including those
relating to income tax nexus, by our earnings being lower than
anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates
and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher
statutory rates, and by challenges to our intercompany
relationships and transfer pricing arrangements. The relevant
taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the
income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such
a disagreement were to occur, and our position were not sustained,
we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest, and
                                30                                 
Table of Contents

penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher
effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall
profitability of our business, with some changes possibly affecting
our tax obligations in future or past years. We believe that our
financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a
contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard.
Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have
collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value
added or similar taxes, and any such assessments could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.
We collect sales tax and value added taxes in a number of
jurisdictions. Sales and use, value added, and similar tax laws and
rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which
we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are
applicable or that our presence in such jurisdictions is sufficient
to require us to collect taxes, which could result in tax
assessments, penalties, and interest, and we may be required to
collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties,
and interest or future requirements may adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. Further, following
the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling in June of 2018 in South Dakota v.
Wayfair, Inc., U.S. states may require an out-of-state seller with
no in-state property or personnel to collect and remit sales tax on
sales to the state’s residents, which may permit wider enforcement
of sales tax collection requirements. Therefore, the application of
existing or future laws relating to sales tax to our business, or
the audit of our business and operations with respect to such taxes
or challenges of our positions by taxing authorities, all could
result in increased tax liabilities for us or our customers, create
additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive
disadvantage if such states do not impose similar obligations on
our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We may not be able to realize tax savings from our international
structure, which could materially and adversely affect our results
of operations.

In 2023, we completed an international restructuring that included
the inter-entity license of certain intellectual property and other
assets used in the business to our Singapore subsidiary. This
structure may be challenged by tax authorities, and if such
challenges are successful, the tax savings we expect to realize
could be adversely affected. If substantial modifications to our
international structure or the way we operate our business are
made, such as if future acquisitions or divestitures occur, if
changes in domestic and international tax laws negatively impact
the structure (such as the 15% global minimum tax, which has been
implemented into the domestic laws of some jurisdictions), if we do
not operate our business consistent with the structure and
applicable tax provisions, if we fail to achieve our revenue and
profit goals, or if the international structure or our application
of arm's-length principles to intercompany arrangements is
successfully challenged by the U.S. or foreign tax authorities, our
effective tax rate may increase, which could materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or
advertising that is served through our Advertising solutions or
Apps, our business could be adversely affected.

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for
negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement, public
performance royalties, or other claims based on the nature and
content of materials that we distribute. The Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (the "DMCA") is intended, in part, to limit the
liability of eligible service providers for caching, hosting, or
linking to user content that includes materials that infringe
copyrights or other rights. We rely on the protections provided by
the DMCA in conducting our business. Similarly, Section 230 of the
Communications Decency Act ("Section 230") protects online
distribution platforms, such as ours, from actions taken under
various laws that might otherwise impose liability on the platform
provider for what content creators develop or the actions they take
or inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines
that we may rely on in the future are subject to uncertain judicial
interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. Future
regulatory or legislative changes may ultimately require us to take
a more active approach towards content moderation, which could
diminish the depth, breadth, and variety of content we offer and,
in so doing, reduce our revenue. Moreover, the DMCA and Section 230
provide protections primarily in the United States. If the rules
around these statutes and doctrines change, if international
jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections, or if a court
were to disagree with our application of those rules to our
business, we could incur liability and our business could be
adversely affected. If we become liable for these types of claims
as a result of the content that is included in our Apps or the
advertisements that are served through our Advertising solutions,
then our business may be adversely affected. Litigation to defend
these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising
from any liability could adversely affect our business. Our
insurance may not be adequate to cover these types of claims or any
liability that may be imposed on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our
liability for the actions of third parties, we may incur
significant legal expenses and other costs if copyright holders
assert claims, or commence litigation, alleging copyright
infringement against our third-party developers. While we prohibit
mobile apps without distribution rights from the copyright holder,
and we maintain processes and systems for the reporting and removal
of infringing mobile apps, such prohibitions, processes, and
systems may not always be successful. If other developers,
licensees, platform providers, business partners, and personnel are
influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and
are deterred from working with us as a consequence, our ability to
maintain or expand our business, including through international
expansion plans, could be adversely affected.
                                31                                 
Table of Contents

We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs and
demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and
regulations affecting public companies, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act,
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), and the
rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing standards.
The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual,
quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and
results of operations. Compliance with these requirements has
increased and will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and
financial compliance costs and increase demand on our systems,
making some activities more time-consuming and costly. We expect
these rules and regulations to make it more expensive for us to
obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be
required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur
substantially higher costs to maintain the same or similar
coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract
and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors
or as our executive officers. As a public company, we have incurred
and expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial
management effort toward ensuring compliance with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
In addition, as a public company, we may be subject to shareholder
activism, which can lead to substantial costs, distract management,
and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we
cannot currently anticipate.

As a result of disclosure of information in our public filings with
the SEC as required of a public company, our business and financial
condition will become more visible, which we believe may result in
threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other
third parties. If such claims are successful, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are
resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources
necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our
management and our board of directors and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements could cause us to
incur additional expenses or otherwise adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are involved in or may become involved in claims, suits,
government investigations, including formal and informal inquiries
from government authorities and regulators, and proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of our business, including actions with
respect to intellectual property claims, securities claims,
privacy, data protection, or law enforcement matters, tax matters,
labor and employment claims, commercial and acquisition-related
claims, and other matters. We may become the subject of
investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information,
actions, and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the
world, particularly in the areas of privacy, data protection, law
enforcement, consumer protection, and competition, as we continue
to grow and expand our operations. In addition, we are currently,
and may in the future be, subject to regulatory orders or consent
decrees. For example, data protection, competition, and consumer
protection authorities in the European Union have initiated
actions, investigations, or administrative orders seeking to
restrict the ways in which we collect and use information, or
impose sanctions, and other authorities may do the same.

Any such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings
are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with
certainty. Regardless of their outcomes, such legal or regulatory
proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal
costs, diversion of management and other personnel attention, and
other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one
or more such proceedings could result in substantial costs, civil
and criminal liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as
judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering
certain features, functionalities, products or services, or
requiring a change in our business practices, products or
technologies, which could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.
                                                                   
  Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property                       
                                                                   
Failure to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual
property rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We regard our Advertising solutions and Apps and related source
code as proprietary and rely on a variety of methods, including a
combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret laws
and employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements, to protect
our proprietary rights. We view the protection of our trade
secrets, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, domain
names, patents, and other product rights as critical to our
success. We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by
relying on federal, state, and common law rights, as well as
contractual restrictions and business practices. We also enter into
confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our
employees and contractors and confidentiality agreements with
parties with whom we conduct business in order to limit access to,
and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However,
these contractual arrangements and business practices may not
prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or
deter independent development of similar technologies by others.

We own or license, and pursue the registration of, copyrights,
trademarks, service marks, domain names, and patents in the United
States and in certain locations outside the United States. This
process can be expensive and time-consuming, may not always be
successful depending on local laws or other circumstances, and we
also may choose not to pursue registrations in every location
depending on the nature of the project to which the intellectual
property rights pertain. We may, over time, increase our
investments in protecting our creative works.
                                32                                 
Table of Contents

We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our Apps occurs, and
if a significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying of our
Apps were to occur, it could adversely affect our business. In
addition, even if authorized copying of our Apps occurs, third-
party platforms may not remove infringing material. We also cannot
be certain that existing intellectual property laws will provide
adequate protection for our products in connection with emerging
technologies. For example, laws relating to intellectual property
ownership and license rights, including copyright, with respect to
AI and the use of tools containing AI have not been fully
interpreted by U.S. courts or been fully addressed by federal and
state regulations. As a result, our ability to fully protect our
products, technologies and solutions under current and future legal
regimes, especially as it relates to AI tools and technologies, may
be limited or impacted by future laws, regulations, interpretations
or other legislative or judicial actions. Litigation may be
necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our
trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of proprietary
rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless
of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse
publicity, and diversion of management and technical resources. If
we fail to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property
rights, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property
disputes, which are costly to defend and could require us to pay
significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain
technologies in the future.

From time to time, we have faced, and we may face in the future,
allegations that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights,
patents, and other intellectual property rights of third parties,
including from our competitors, non-practicing entities and former
employers of our personnel. Intellectual property litigation may be
protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict.
As the result of any court judgment or settlement, we may be
obligated to alter our Advertising solutions or Apps, in a
particular geographic region or worldwide, pay royalties or
significant settlement costs, purchase licenses, or develop
substitutes.

In certain of our agreements, we also indemnify our licensees and
other business partners. We may incur significant expenses
defending these business partners if they are sued for intellectual
property infringement based on allegations related to our
technology. If a business partner were to lose a lawsuit and in
turn seek indemnification from us, we also could be subject to
significant monetary liabilities. In addition, because our
Advertising solutions and Apps often involve the use of third-party
technology, this increases our exposure to litigation in
circumstances where there is a claim of infringement asserted
against one of our mobile games or other products and services in
question, even if the claim does not pertain to our technology.

Many of our products and services contain open source software, and
we license some of our software through open source projects, which
may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, products,
and services in a manner that could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We use open source software in our Advertising solutions and Apps
and expect to continue to use open source software in the future.
In addition, we contribute software source code to open source
projects under open source licenses or release internal software
projects under open source licenses, and anticipate continuing to
do so in the future. The terms of many open source licenses to
which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign
courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses
could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated
conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute
our products or services. Additionally, under some open source
licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source
software in a certain manner, third parties may claim ownership of,
a license to, or demand release of, the open source software or
derivative works that we developed using such software, which could
include our proprietary source code. Such third parties may also
seek to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license
through litigation which, if successful, could require us to make
our proprietary software source code freely available, purchase a
costly license, or cease offering the implicated products or
services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid
infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant
additional research and development resources, and we may not be
able to complete it successfully. In addition to risks related to
open source license requirements, use of certain open source
software may pose greater risks than use of third-party commercial
software, since open source licensors generally do not provide
warranties or controls on the origin of software and open source
software could incorporate AI generated code which may be a result
of hallucinatory behavior. Any of these risks could be difficult to
eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely affect
our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual
property may affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. Competition for these licenses may make them more
expensive and increase our costs.

While most of the intellectual property we use in our Advertising
solutions and Apps is created by us, from time to time, we also
acquire rights to third-party intellectual property. Proprietary
licenses may limit our use of intellectual property to specific
uses and for specific time periods, require time and attention of
licensors in providing guidance and related approvals, and include
other contractual obligations with which we must comply.
Additionally, competition for these licenses is intense and often
results in increased advances, minimum payment guarantees, and
royalties to the licensor, and as such we may be unable to identify
suitable licensing targets or complete licensing arrangements. If
we are unable to obtain and remain in compliance with the terms of
these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable economic
terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. Further, if the mix of IAPs shifts toward mobile games in
which we use licensed intellectual property or if we develop
additional Apps that require licensing of third-party intellectual
property, our overall margins may be reduced due to royalty
obligations.
                                33                                 
Table of Contents

In addition, many of our Apps are built on proprietary source code
of third parties, such as Unity Software. Unity Software offers
certain solutions that may compete with our offerings. If we are
unable to renew licenses to proprietary source code underlying our
mobile games, or the terms and conditions of these licenses change
at the time of renewal, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on third
parties, including Unity Software, to maintain versions of their
proprietary engines that allow us to distribute our mobile games on
multiple platforms. If a third party from whom we license source
code discontinues support for one or more of these platforms, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.
                                                                   
  Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters                
                                                                   
If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls
and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to
produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with
applicable regulations could be impaired.

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and
regulations of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. We expect
that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue
to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs,
make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and
place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we
maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and
refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to
be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to our principal executive and financial officers.

In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will
continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-
related costs and significant management oversight. If any of these
new or improved controls and systems do not perform as expected, we
may experience deficiencies in our controls. The effectiveness of
our controls and procedures may also be limited by a variety of
factors including faulty human judgment and simple errors,
omissions or mistakes, fraudulent action of an individual or
collusion of two or more people, and inappropriate management
override of controls and procedures.

Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business.
Further, to the extent we acquire other businesses, the acquired
company may not have a sufficiently robust system of controls and
we may discover deficiencies. Any failure to develop or maintain
effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their
implementation or improvement could adversely affect our results of
operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations
and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for
prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting also could adversely
affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual
independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports
regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports
that are filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and
other information, which would likely cause the market price of our
Class A common stock to decline. In addition, if we are unable to
continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain
listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. As a public company, we
are required to provide an annual management report on the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and
our independent registered public accounting firm is required to
formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting
firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not
satisfied with the level at which our internal control over
financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any
failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal
control over financial reporting could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations and could
cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

We rely on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our
key metrics and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics
could adversely affect our reputation and our business.

Certain of the metrics that we disclose are calculated using
internal company data that has not been independently verified or
data from third-party attribution partners. While these metrics and
figures are based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations
for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent
challenges in measuring these metrics and figures across our
worldwide client base and user base. We regularly review and may
adjust our processes for calculating our metrics and other figures
to improve their accuracy, but these efforts may not prove
successful and we may discover material inaccuracies. In addition,
our methodology for calculating these metrics may be updated from
time to time and may differ from the methodology used by other
companies to calculate similar metrics and figures. We may also
discover unexpected errors in the data that we are using that
resulted from technical or other errors. If we determine that any
of our metrics or figures are not accurate, we may be required to
revise or cease reporting such metrics or figures. Any real or
perceived inaccuracies in our metrics and other figures could harm
our reputation and adversely affect our business.
                                34                                 
Table of Contents

We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if
our goodwill becomes impaired.

We are required under GAAP to review our goodwill for impairment at
least annually or more frequently when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.
Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances,
indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our goodwill
continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in the
market price of our Class A common stock and our market
capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry,
underperformance of certain assets, or other materially adverse
events. We may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any
impairment of our goodwill is determined.

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and our obligations
thereunder may limit our operational flexibility or otherwise
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of $3.6 billion in
aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes outstanding
(the “Senior Notes”). We also had $1.0 billion of commitments (with
a $100 million letter of credit sublimit) under our senior
unsecured credit agreement that provides for an unsecured revolving
credit facility (the “Credit Agreement”). As of December 31, 2024,
we have no outstanding loans under the Credit Agreement. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to repay our indebtedness when
due, or that we will be able to refinance this indebtedness on
acceptable terms or at all.

Our indebtedness could adversely impact us. For example, these
obligations could among other things:

• require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow
from operations to service and repay the indebtedness, reducing the
amount of cash flow available for other purposes

• make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;

• increase our cost of borrowing;

• make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary
future financing for working capital, capital expenditures,
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, debt service requirements,
or other purposes;

• restrict us from making strategic acquisitions and partnerships
or cause us to make divestitures or similar transactions;

• adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse
effect on our financial condition upon repayment of the
indebtedness;

• increase our vulnerability to adverse and economic and industry
conditions;

• increase our exposure to interest rate risk from variable rate
indebtedness;

• place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less
leveraged competitors; and

• limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in
our business.

In addition, from time to time we have entered into interest rate
swap instruments to limit our exposure to changes in variable
interest rates. While our hedging strategy is designed to minimize
the impact of increases in interest rates applicable to our
variable rate debt, including our credit facility, there can be no
guarantee that our hedging strategy will be effective, and we may
experience credit-related losses in some circumstances.Upon the
occurrence of a change of control repurchase event (as defined in
the indenture governing the Senior Notes), we will be required to
repurchase the Senior Notes at the option of each holder. We may
not have sufficient funds to repurchase the Senior Notes in cash at
the time of any change of control repurchase event. Upon the
occurrence of a change of control (as defined in the Credit
Agreement), the lenders thereunder could accelerate the obligations
under the Credit Agreement and terminate the commitments under the
Credit Agreement. The indentures governing the Senior Notes also
include customary affirmative and negative covenants (including
covenants restricting our ability to incur certain liens and enter
into sale and leaseback transactions, subject to certain
exceptions), events of default, and other customary provisions. The
Credit Agreement also imposes restrictions on us and requires us to
maintain compliance with specified covenants regardless of whether
any amounts are outstanding thereunder. Our ability to comply with
these covenants may be affected by market, economic, financial,
competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors, as well as other
factors that are beyond our control. A breach of any of the
covenants in the indentures governing the Senior Notes or the
Credit Agreement could result in an event of default, which, if not
cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness and
an increase in the interest rates applicable to such indebtedness
(in the case of the Credit Agreement), and may result in the
acceleration of or default under any other debt we may incur in the
future to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision
applies. The acceleration of the indebtedness under the Credit
Agreement, the Senior Notes, or under any other indebtedness could
have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We receive debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in
the United States. Factors that may impact our credit ratings
include debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales and near-term
and long-term growth opportunities. Liquidity, asset quality and
cost structure could also be considered by the rating agencies. The
applicable margins with respect to the loans incurred under the
Credit Agreement will vary based on our applicable public debt
credit ratings assigned by Moody's Investors Service, Inc.,
Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC, Fitch’s and any successor
to each such rating agency business. Moreover, our Senior Notes are
currently rated investment-grade by various rating agencies. A
ratings downgrade, including any announcement that our ratings are
under further review for a downgrade, could adversely impact our
ability to access debt markets in the future and increase the cost
of current or future debt and may adversely affect our share price.
                                35                                 
Table of Contents

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our
significant debt service obligations, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows.

Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt
obligations depends on our financial condition and results of
operations, which are subject to prevailing economic and
competitive conditions and to certain financial, business,
legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. We
may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating
activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium,
if any, or interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and
capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service
obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, capital expenditures, and payments
on account of other obligations, seek additional capital,
restructure or refinance our indebtedness, or sell assets. These
alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to
meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to
restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of
the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any
refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and could
require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could
further restrict our business operations. In addition, we cannot
assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our
indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

If we are unable to repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness
when due, or if any other event of default is not cured or waived,
the applicable lenders or holders could accelerate our outstanding
obligations, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation.
In the event the applicable lenders or holders accelerate the
repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have
sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Any acceleration of
amounts due under the agreements governing our indebtedness could
have a material and adverse effect on our business.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations
and support business growth, and this capital may not be available
on acceptable terms or at all.

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support
our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to
business challenges, including the need to continue to develop our
Advertising solutions, enhance our existing Apps and develop new
Apps and features, improve our operating infrastructure, or enter
into new markets or strategic acquisitions and partnerships.
Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity, equity-linked, or
debt financings to secure additional funds. Our ability to obtain
additional financing that we may choose or need, including for the
refinancing of future debt maturities or potential strategic
acquisitions and investments, will depend on, among other things,
our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and
the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing.
Also, if we raise additional funds through future issuances of
equity or equity-linked securities, our existing stockholders could
experience significant dilution, and any new equity securities we
issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to
those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing
that we secure in the future could involve offering security
interests and undertaking restrictive covenants relating to our
capital raising activities and other financial and operational
matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain
additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including
potential acquisitions. Our Credit Agreement, which provides for a
revolving credit facility, contains a financial covenant with which
we must comply. We may not be able to obtain additional financing
on terms favorable to us, if at all. Additionally, if we seek to
access additional capital or increase our borrowing, there can be
no assurance that financing and credit may be available on
favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate
financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require
it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to
respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and
our business, financial condition, or results of operations could
be adversely affected.
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and
Governance
The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting
Agreement among the Voting Agreement Parties have the effect of
concentrating voting power with the Voting Agreement Parties, which
will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election
of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any
merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our
assets, or other major corporate transactions.

We have three classes of common stock. Our Class A common stock has
one vote per share, our Class B common stock has 20 votes per
share, and our Class C common stock has no voting rights, except as
otherwise required by law. Adam Foroughi, our co-founder, CEO, and
Chairperson and Herald Chen, a member of our board of directors
(collectively with certain affiliates, the "Voting Agreement
Parties") together hold all of the issued and outstanding shares of
our Class B common stock. As of December 31, 2024, the Voting
Agreement Parties collectively held approximately 68% of the voting
power of our outstanding capital stock in the aggregate. This
voting power includes shares of Class A common stock deemed
beneficially owned in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the
Exchange Act. The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into a
voting agreement (the "Voting Agreement") whereby all Class B
common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their
respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be
voted as determined by Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Chen. As a result, the
Voting Agreement Parties will collectively be able to determine or
significantly influence any action requiring the approval of our
stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the
adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and
bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all
or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate
transaction. The Voting Agreement Parties may have interests that
differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree,
and which may be adverse to your interests. This concentrated
control may have the effect of delaying, preventing, or deterring a
change in control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of
an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part
of a sale of our company, and might ultimately affect the market
price of our Class A common stock.
                                36                                 
Table of Contents

Future transfers by the holders of Class B common stock will
generally result in those shares automatically converting into
shares of Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such
as certain transfers effected for estate planning or other
transfers among the Voting Agreement Parties. In addition, each
share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one
share of Class A common stock upon certain events specified in our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

In addition, because our Class C common stock carries no voting
rights (except as otherwise required by law), if we issue Class C
common stock in the future, the holders of Class B common stock may
be able to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome
of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders for a
longer period of time than would be the case if we issued Class A
common stock rather than Class C common stock in such transactions.

We are considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, and, as a result, we
qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements.

As a result of our multi-class common stock structure and the
Voting Agreement among the Voting Agreement Parties, the Voting
Agreement Parties collectively hold greater than a majority of the
voting power of our outstanding capital stock and the Voting
Agreement Parties have the authority to vote the shares of all
Class B common stock, subject to the terms of the Voting Agreement,
at their discretion on all matters to be voted upon by
stockholders. Therefore, we are considered a “controlled company”
as that term is set forth in the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. Under these corporate governance requirements, a
company in which over 50% of the voting power for the election of
directors is held by an individual, a group, or another company is
a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain
corporate governance requirements, including:

• the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist
of independent directors;

• the requirement that we have a nominating/corporate governance
committee that is comprised entirely of independent directors with
a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and
responsibilities;

• the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is
comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter
addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and

• the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the
nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees.

We do not currently avail ourselves of any of these corporate
governance accommodations, though we may do so in the future. In
the event that we cease to be a “controlled company” and our Class
A common stock continues to be listed on Nasdaq, we will be
required to comply with these provisions within the applicable
transition periods.

The market price of our Class A common stock could be volatile, and
you could lose all or part of your investment.

The market price of our Class A common stock has, and may continue
to, fluctuate substantially depending on a number of factors,
including those described in this “Risk Factors” section, many of
which are beyond our control and may not be related to our
operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose
all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors
that have in the past caused and could in the future cause
fluctuations in the market price of our Class A common stock
include the following:

• price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from
time to time, including fluctuations due to general economic
uncertainty or negative market sentiment;

• volatility in the market and trading volumes of technology
stocks;

• changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of
other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in
particular;

• sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our
stockholders;

• rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in
our industry;

• failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us,
changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow
our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the
expectations of investors;

• actual or perceived significant data breaches involving our
Advertising solutions or Apps;

• the financial or non-financial metric projections we may provide
to the public, any changes in those projections or our failure to
meet those projections;

• third-party data published about us or other advertising or
mobile gaming companies, whether or not such data accurately
reflects circumstances;

• announcements by us or our competitors of new products or
services;

• the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public
announcements, and filings with the SEC;

• fluctuations in the trading volume of shares of our Class A
common stock or the size of our public float;
                                37                                 
Table of Contents

• short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative
securities, and the publication of short seller reports;

• actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of
operations;

• actual or anticipated developments in our business, our
competitors’ businesses, or the competitive landscape generally;

• our issuance or repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock;

• litigation or regulatory action involving us, our industry or
both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those
of our competitors;

• developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or
other proprietary rights;

• announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies
by us or our competitors;

• new laws, regulations or app store policies or new
interpretations of existing laws, regulations or app store policies
applicable to our business;

• changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines,
interpretations, or principles;

• major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets;

• any significant change in our management; and

• general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our
markets.

In addition, the market price of our Class A common stock has in
the past fluctuated and could in the future fluctuate for reasons
unrelated to our business, financial condition, or results of
operations, including if the market for technology stocks or the
stock market in general experiences a loss of investor confidence.
The market price of our Class A common stock might also decline in
reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even
if these events do not directly affect us. Accordingly, we cannot
assure you of the liquidity of any trading market, your ability to
sell your shares of our Class A common stock when desired, or the
prices that you may obtain for your shares of our Class A common
stock.

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of
a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been brought against that company. If the market price of our
Class A common stock is volatile, we may become the target of
securities litigation. Securities litigation could result in
substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and
resources from our business. Such litigation could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We may not realize the anticipated long-term stockholder value of
our share repurchase programs and any failure to repurchase our
Class A common stock after we have announced our intention to do so
may negatively impact our stock price.

In October 2024, our board of directors authorized an increase to
our share repurchase program of up to $2.0 billion, which
additional amount may be repurchased from time to time subject to a
limitation in any fiscal quarter of the amount of our Free Cash
Flow in the preceding fiscal quarter and compliance with applicable
law and any contractual restrictions. As of December 31, 2024, $2.3
billion of Class A common stock was available for repurchase under
our share repurchase program. Under this or any other future share
repurchase programs, we may make share repurchases through a
variety of methods, including open share market purchases, block
transactions or privately negotiated transactions, in accordance
with applicable federal securities laws. Our share repurchase
program has no time limit, does not obligate us to repurchase any
specific number of shares and may be suspended at any time at our
discretion and without prior notice. The timing and amount of any
repurchases, if any, will be subject to liquidity, stock price,
market and economic conditions, compliance with applicable legal
requirements such as Delaware surplus and solvency tests,
compliance with our credit agreement, and other relevant factors.
Any failure to repurchase stock after we have announced our
intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and
investor confidence in us and may negatively impact our stock
price.

The existence of this share repurchase program could cause our
stock price to be higher than it otherwise would be and could
potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. Although
this program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value,
there is no assurance it will do so because the market price of our
Class A common stock may decline below the levels at which we
repurchased shares and short-term stock price fluctuations could
reduce the effectiveness of the program.

Repurchasing our Class A common stock will reduce the amount of
cash we have available to fund working capital, capital
expenditures, strategic acquisitions or business opportunities, and
other general corporate requirements, and we may fail to realize
the anticipated long-term stockholder value of any share repurchase
programs.
The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise
will dilute all other stockholders.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us
to issue up to 1,500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, up to
150,000,000 shares of Class C common stock, and up to 100,000,000
shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may
be determined by our board of directors. Subject to compliance with
applicable rules and regulations, we may issue shares of Class A
common stock or securities convertible into shares of our Class A
common stock
                                38                                 
Table of Contents

from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition,
investment, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise. For example,
in connection with our acquisition of Adjust in April 2021, we
issued convertible securities that converted into an aggregate of
6,320,688 shares of our Class A common stock. Any such issuance
could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders
and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Our multi-class stock structure, the Voting Agreement, and other
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer,
or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of
our Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended
and restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the
acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following:

• our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement,
which provide the Voting Agreement Parties with the ability to
determine or significantly influence the outcome of matters
requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less
than a majority of the shares of our outstanding common stock;

• vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by our
board of directors and not by stockholders;

• a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by a
majority of our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of
directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or our President;

• advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate
candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an
annual meeting of stockholders;

• our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not
provide for cumulative voting;

• our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes
undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established
and shares of which may be issued by our board of directors,
without further action by our stockholders;

• after the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class
B common stock represent less than a majority of the total combined
voting power of our Class A common stock and our Class B common
stock (the "Voting Threshold Date"), our stockholders will only be
able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and will not be
able to take action by written consent for any matter; and

• certain litigation against us may only be brought in Delaware.

These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or
prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company.
These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it
more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their
choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they
desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the
opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their
shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect the
market price of our Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court
located within the State of Delaware and the federal district
courts of the United States as the exclusive forum for
substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which
could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the judicial forum
for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in
writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any
action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any
of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our
stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws,
or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the
internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have
jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of
Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction
over indispensable parties named as defendants, and provided that
this exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to
enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act.

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions.
Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to
entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in
multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary
rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our
amended and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district
courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum
for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising
under the Securities Act. However, while the Delaware Supreme Court
ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions
purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in
federal court are “facially valid” under Delaware law, there is
uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce our federal
forum provision. If the federal forum provision is found to be
unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with
resolving such matters.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding
or owning (or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our
securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the
foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we believe
                                39                                 
Table of Contents

these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal
securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the
exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to
bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with
us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders, or other
employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such
claims against us and our current and former directors, officers,
stockholders, or other employees. Our stockholders will not be
deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our
exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds
either exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and
restated bylaws to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action
in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments                             │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 1C. Cybersecurity                                         │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Risk Management and Strategy.
We have established policies and processes for assessing,
identifying, and managing material risk from cybersecurity threats,
and have integrated these processes into our overall risk
management systems and processes. We routinely assess material
risks from cybersecurity threats, including any potential
unauthorized occurrence on, or conducted through, our information
systems, that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality,
integrity, or availability of our information systems or any
information residing therein.
We conduct periodic risk assessments to identify potential
cybersecurity threats, as well as assessments in the event of a
material change in our business practices that may affect
information systems that are vulnerable to such cybersecurity
threats. The frequency of these risk assessments is based on the
potential risk and criticality to our business systems. The risk
assessments include identification of reasonably foreseeable
internal and external risks, the likelihood and potential impact
and damage that could result from such risks, and the sufficiency
of existing policies, procedures, systems, and safeguards in place
to manage such risks.
Following these risk assessments, we evaluate how to reasonably
address identified gaps in existing safeguards to minimize
identified risks and regularly monitor the effectiveness of our
safeguards. We devote significant resources and designate high
level personnel, including our Head of Information Security and
Compliance, to manage the risk assessment and mitigation process.
As part of our overall risk management system, we monitor and test
our safeguards, in collaboration with human resources, IT, and
management. Personnel at all levels and departments are made aware
of our cybersecurity policies and educated about cybersecurity best
practices through annual company-wide cybersecurity training,
regular phishing simulations and cybersecurity reminders, and role-
based training, as appropriate.
Our cybersecurity risk management program is closely based upon
recognized frameworks established by the National Institute of
Standards and Technology, the International Organization for
Standardization and certain other applicable industry standards. In
2024, we obtained our ISO/IEC27001 certification.
We engage consultants and third parties in connection with our risk
assessment processes. These providers assist us in evaluating our
cybersecurity program, provide support for threat monitoring and
detection, and scan for vulnerabilities and other related security
events which may pose a risk to the company.
We utilize our third-party risk management program to evaluate the
cybersecurity posture of our third-party service providers based on
risk, including data and systems access. These processes assist us
in identifying and mitigating risks from cybersecurity threats
associated with our use of third-party service providers. Where
appropriate, we contractually require third-party service providers
to implement and maintain appropriate and reasonable security
measures in connection with their work with us and consistent with
applicable laws, and to promptly report any breach of their
security measures or systems that may affect our company.
To date, we have not identified any risks from cybersecurity
threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity
incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely
to materially affect our company, including our business strategy,
results of operations, or financial condition. However, despite our
efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats,
or provide assurances that we have not experienced cybersecurity
incidents. For information about these risks, see Part I, Item 1A,
“Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the
risk factor entitled “Security breaches, improper access to or
disclosure of our data or user data, other hacking and phishing
attacks on our systems, or other cyber incidents could harm our
reputation and adversely affect our business.”
Governance
One of the key functions of our Board of Directors is informed
oversight of our risk management process, including risks from
cybersecurity threats. Our Board of Directors is responsible for
monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, and our executive
officers are responsible for the day-to-day management of the
material risks we face. Our Board of Directors administers its
cybersecurity risk oversight function directly as a whole, as well
as through the Audit Committee.
                                40                                 
Table of Contents

Our Head of Information Security and Complianceand our InfoSec
management teamare primarily responsible for assessing and managing
our material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Head of
Information Security and Compliance has over two decades of
experience leading cybersecurity, data privacy and risk management
programs for large, multi-national organizations and Fortune 500
companies, and CISSP and CRISC certifications. Our InfoSec
management team is comprised of qualified cybersecurity
professionals whose collective expertise includes penetration
testing, cyber threat intelligence, data privacy, information
security, and risk and compliance in the healthcare, financial, and
technology industries, with certifications such as CISA, CRISC,
CISSP, CCSP, CIPP, GIAC, and OSCP.

Our Head of Information Security and Compliance and our InfoSec
management team, in partnership with our legal privacy team,
oversee our cybersecurity policies and processes, including those
described in “Risk Management and Strategy” above. Our Head of
Information Security and Compliance and our InfoSec management team
are informed about and monitor the prevention, detection,
mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents through
their implementation and oversight of safeguards, including through
the use of automated tools and manual processes, like security
event monitoring, vulnerability scanning, threat analytics,
security awareness and training, endpoint security, bug bounty
program, offensive security testing, and third-party risk and
monitoring.

Our Head of Information Security and Compliance provides quarterly
and as needed briefings to the Audit Committeeregarding our
company’s cybersecurity program and information security risks,
including any recent AppLovin-related cybersecurity incidents and
possible responses, internal and third-party cybersecurity systems
testing, third-party risk management, and other topics related to
cybersecurity. The Audit Committee provides updates to the Board on
such reports. The Company has adopted an escalation process for
review of cybersecurity incidents, based on severity level, by an
internal cyber task force with oversight by the Audit Committee. In
addition, our Head of Information Security and Compliance provides
annual briefings to the Board on our cybersecurity program and
risks.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 2. Properties                                             │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our corporate headquarters is in Palo Alto, California, where we
currently lease approximately 72,812 square feet under a lease
agreement that expires in May 2028. We also lease and license
additional facilities in the United States and internationally,
including in Beijing and Shanghai, China; Berlin and Frankfurt,
Germany; and Singapore.

We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current
needs. However, should we need to expand our facilities and add new
facilities, we believe that suitable additional or alternative
space will be available as needed to accommodate any such growth.
If we choose to expand our facilities or locations, we expect to
incur additional expenses.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 3. Legal Proceedings                                      │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and
claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as
governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings.
In addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims
against us in the form of letters and other communications. We are
not currently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined
adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend
ourselves and our business partners and to determine the scope,
enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or
to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or
future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and
regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on
us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management
resources, and other factors.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                 ║
║                             Part II                             ║
║                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related         │
│  Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                   
  Market Information for Common Stock                              
                                                                   
Our Class A common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market under the symbol “APP.” Our Class B and Class C common stock
are neither listed nor traded.
                                                                   
  Holders of Record                                                
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024, there were approximately 39 stockholders
of record of our Class A common stock, 8 stockholders of records of
our Class B common stock and no holders of record of our Class C
common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock
are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of
stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of
stockholders represented by these record holders. All shares of
Class B common stock are beneficially held by Adam Foroughi and
Herald Chen, collectively with certain affiliated trusts.
                                                                   
  Dividend Policy                                                  
                                                                   
We have never paid cash dividends on our capital stock and we do
not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
                                41                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Stock Performance Graph                                          
                                                                   
This performance graph shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or
to be “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"),
or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and
shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of AppLovin Corporation under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act").

The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on
our Class A common stock with the cumulative total return on the
Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index ("S&P 500") and the S&P 500
Information Technology Index ("S&P IT") through December 31, 2024.
The graph assumes $100 was invested at the market close on April
15, 2021, which was the first day our Class A common stock began
trading. Data for the S&P 500 and S&P IT assumes reinvestment of
dividends. The offering price of our Class A common stock in our
initial public offering on April 15, 2021 was $80.00 per share. The
graph uses the closing market price on April 15, 2021 of $65.20 per
share as the initial value of our Class A common stock.

The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data
and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, future
performance of our Class A common stock.
Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
                                                                   
  Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities                           
                                                                   
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, we issue d 36,557
shares o f our Class A common stock upon the vesting of RSUs under
our 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan.

The foregoing transactions did not involve any underwriters, any
underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We
believe the offer, sale, and issuance of the above securities was
exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation S promulgated
under the Securities Act, because the issuance of securities to the
recipients did not involve a public offering. The recipients of the
securities in the transaction represented their intentions to
acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to
or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and
appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates issued
in the transaction. All recipients had adequate access, through
their relationships with us or otherwise, to information about us.
The issuance of these securities was made without any general
solicitation or advertising.
                                                                   
  Use of Proceeds                                                  
                                                                   
None.
                                42                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                            
                                                                   
The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for
the three months ended December 31, 2024:
                                                                   
                                         Total                     
                                         Number         Approxim…  
                                         of                Dollar  
                                         Shares          Value of  
                                         Purchas…          Shares  
             Total                       as Part         that May  
             Number                      of                Yet Be  
             of                          Publicly       Purchased  
             Shares         Average      Announc…       Under the  
             Purchas…       Price        Program…       Program(…  
             (in            Paid Per     (in                  (in  
  Period     thousan…       Share(2)     thousan…       millions)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  October    —           $  —            —           $      2,272  
  1 - 31                                                           
  Novemb…    —           $  —            —           $      2,272  
  1 - 30                                                           
  Decemb…    —           $  —            —           $      2,272  
  1 - 31                                                           
  Total      —                           —                         
                                                                   
(1) In February 2022, our board of directors authorized a
repurchase program of up to $750.0 million of our Class A common
stock. In 2023, our board of directors authorized an increase to
the repurchase program of $743.6 million. In 2024, our board of
directors authorized increases to the repurchase program of an
aggregate amount of $3.3 billion. Repurchases may be made from time
to time through open market purchases or through privately
negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions, applicable
legal requirements and other relevant factors. Open market
repurchases may be structured to occur in accordance with the
requirements of Rule 10b-18. We may also, from time to time, enter
into Rule 10b-5 trading plans to facilitate repurchases of shares.
The repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any
particular amount of our Class A common stock, has no expiration
date and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time at
our discretion. See Note 10 - Equity of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to share
repurchases.

(2) Average price paid per share includes commissions and fees
associated with the repurchases under our repurchase program.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 6. [Reserved]                                             │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL      │
│  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                            │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include those identified below and those discussed in
the section titled “Risk Factors” and other parts of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in
the future.
                                                                   
  Overview                                                         
                                                                   
Our mission is to create meaningful connections between companies
and their ideal customers. We provide end-to-end software and AI-
powered solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their
global audience. We also operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps
and accelerated our market penetration through an active
acquisition and partnership strategy. Our scaled business model is
intricately linked to the advertising ecosystem, providing a
durable competitive advantage. We generate revenue when our
advertisers achieve their return on spend targets with our
Advertising solutions, ensuring that their success directly fuels
our growth.

Since our founding in 2011, we have been focused on building
Advertising solutions for advertisers to improve the marketing and
monetization of their content. Our founders, who were mobile app
developers themselves, quickly realized the real impediment to
success and growth in the advertising ecosystem was a discovery and
monetization problem—breaking through the congested app stores to
efficiently find users and successfully grow their business. Their
first-hand experience with these challenges led to the development
of our infrastructure and Advertising solutions. We capitalized on
our success and understanding of the mobile app ecosystem by
entering into the mobile game apps industry in 2018. Our global
diversified portfolio of apps now consist of over 200 free-to-play
mobile games across five genres, run by ten studios.

For 2024, our revenue grew 43% year-over-year from 2023, from $3.3
billion in 2023 to $4.7 billion in 2024. For 2023, our revenue grew
17% year-over-year from 2022, from $2.8 billion in 2022 to $3.3
billion in 2023. We generated net income of $1.6 billion in 2024,
net income of $356.7 million in 2023, and net loss of $192.9
million in 2022. We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $2.7 billion, $1.5
billion, and $1.1 billion in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Additionally, we have generated strong cash flows, with net cash
provided by operating activities of $2.1 billion, $1.1 billion, and
$412.8 million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Given our
strong financial position, we have been able to reinvest in our
expansion and growth, and repurchase and withhold shares of our
Class A common stock. See the section titled “Non-GAAP Financial
Measures” for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation
of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly
comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.
                                43                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Recent Developments                                              
                                                                   
On February 12, 2025, we announced that we entered into a term
sheet for the sale of our mobile gaming business to a privately
held company (the “Acquirer”) for total consideration of $900.0
million (the “Term Sheet”). The Term Sheet provides for the total
consideration to consist of $400.0 million in shares of the
Acquirer’s common equity and $500.0 million in cash, subject to
customary purchase price adjustments. The Term Sheet also provides
that the Acquirer will borrow up to $250.0 million of the cash
portion of the total consideration and that, if the Acquirer is
unable to obtain such financing, we agree to provide financing in
such amount to the Acquirer through the issuance of a promissory
note. The Term Sheet is non-binding, except with respect to an
agreement by the parties to use commercially reasonable best
efforts in good faith to negotiate and finalize definitive
agreements for the proposed transaction, a prohibition on us from
engaging in discussions or negotiations with any third party other
than the Acquirer regarding the sale of our mobile gaming business
for a specified period, and customary terms such as fees and
expenses, governing law, and termination.
                                                                   
  Our Business Model                                               
                                                                   
We collect revenue from Advertising and our Apps. During the twelve
months ended December 31, 2024, Advertising Revenue represented 68%
of total revenue and Apps Revenue represented 32% of total revenue.

We report our operating results through two reportable segments:
Advertising and Apps.

Our CODM, the Chief Executive Officer, evaluates performance of
each segment based on several factors, of which the financial
measures are segment revenue and segment adjusted EBITDA, as
defined in Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.

The Advertising and Apps segments provide a view into the
organization of our business and generate revenue as follows:
                                                                   
  Advertising Revenue                                              
                                                                   
We primarily generate Advertising Revenue from fees paid by
advertisers who use our Advertising solutions to grow and monetize
their content. We are able to grow our Advertising Revenue by
improving our various technologies.

Advertising clients include a wide variety of advertisers, from
indie developer studios to some of the largest global internet
platforms, such as Facebook and Google. We see multiple
opportunities to gain new Advertising clients, and to increase
spend from existing clients, as we help them grow their businesses
and make them more successful.

Our Advertising solutions include AppDiscovery, MAX, Adjust, and
Wurl. Clients use AppDiscovery to automate, optimize, and manage
their user acquisition investments. They set marketing and user
growth goals, and AppDiscovery optimizes their ad spend in an
effort to achieve their return on advertising spend targets and
other marketing objectives. AppDiscovery comprises the vast
majority of Advertising Revenue. Revenue is generated from our
advertisers, typically on a performance-basis, and shared with our
advertising publishers, typically on a cost per impression model.

Advertising clients use MAX to optimize purchases of app
advertising inventory. The MAX tool provides insights to manage
against key performance indicators, understand the long-term value
of users, and help manage profitability. Revenue from MAX is
generated based on a percentage of client spend. As more
advertising networks move to in-app real-time bidding, we expect
growth in the adoption of, and revenue from, MAX.

Advertising clients use Adjust's measurement and analytics
marketing platform to better understand their users' journey while
allowing marketers to make smarter decisions through measurement,
attribution and fraud prevention. Revenue from Adjust is primarily
generated from an annual software subscription fee.

Advertising clients use Wurl's CTV platform to distribute streaming
video, maximize Advertising Revenue, and acquire and retain viewers
or subscribers. Revenue from Wurl is primarily generated from
content companies, typically on a usage-based model.
                                                                   
  Apps Revenue                                                     
                                                                   
Apps Revenue is generated when a user of one of our Apps makes an
in-app purchase (“IAP") and when clients purchase the digital
advertising inventory of our portfolio of Apps ("IAA"). We are able
to grow our Apps Revenue by adding more apps to our Apps portfolio
and increasing engagement on our existing Apps.

Our Apps are generally free-to-play mobile games and generate IAP
Revenue through IAPs. IAPs consist of virtual goods used to enhance
gameplay, accelerate access to certain features or levels, and
augment other mobile game progression opportunities for the user.
IAPs drive more engagement and better economics from our Apps. The
vast majority of our IAP Revenue flows through two app stores,
Apple App Store and Google Play, which charge us a standard
commission on IAPs. IAP Revenue represented 68% of total Apps
Revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024.

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, we had an average
of 1.6 million Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs") across our portfolio
of Apps. Over that period, we had an Average Revenue Per Monthly
Active Payer ("ARPMAP") of $51. See “Key Metrics” below for
additional information on how we calculate MAPs and ARPMAP.

IAA clients that purchase advertising inventory from our Apps are
able to target highly relevant users from our diverse and global
portfolio of over 200 mobile games. Our clients leverage a broad
set of high-performing mobile ad formats, including playable and
rewarded video, and are able to match these ads with relevant users
resulting in a better return on their advertising
                                44                                 
Table of Contents

spend. By increasing the number of users and their engagement, as
well as better matching ads with the appropriate target audience,
we are able to increase our revenue from IAA clients that purchase
advertising inventory from our Apps. IAA Revenue represented 32% of
total Apps Revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024.
                                                                   
  Key Metrics                                                      
                                                                   
We review the following key metrics on a regular basis in order to
evaluate the health of our business, identify trends affecting our
performance, prepare financial projections, and make strategic
decisions.

Monthly Active Payers ("MAPs"). We define a MAP as a unique mobile
device active on one of our Apps in a month that completed at least
one IAP during that time period. A consumer who makes IAPs within
two separate Apps on the same mobile device in a monthly period
will be counted as two MAPs. MAPs for a particular time period
longer than one month are the average MAPs for each month during
that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating certain
data from third-party attribution partners.

Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer ("ARPMAP"). We define
ARPMAP as (i) the total IAP Revenue derived from our Apps in a
monthly period, divided by (ii) MAPs in that same period. ARPMAP
for a particular time period longer than one month is the average
ARPMAP for each month during that period. ARPMAP shows how
efficiently we are monetizing each MAP.

The following table shows our Monthly Active Payers and Average
Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer for the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022:
                                                                   
                                 Year Ended                        
                               December 31,                        
                                       2024       2023       2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Monthly Active                                                   
  Payers                                1.6        1.8        2.3  
  (millions)                                                       
  Average Revenue                                                  
  Per Monthly         $                  51    $    46    $    43  
  Active Payer                                                     
                                                                   
Our key metrics are not based on any standardized industry
methodology and are not necessarily calculated in the same manner
or comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other
companies. Similarly, our key metrics may differ from estimates
published by third parties or from similarly titled metrics of our
competitors due to differences in methodology. The numbers that we
use to calculate MAPs and ARPMAP are based on internal data. While
these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable
judgments and estimates for the applicable period of measurement,
there are inherent challenges in measuring usage and engagement. We
regularly review and may adjust our processes for calculating our
internal metrics to improve their accuracy.
                                                                   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin                       
                                                                   
We define Adjusted EBITDA for a particular period as net income
(loss) before interest expense and loss on settlement of debt,
other income, net (excluding certain recurring items), provision
for (benefit from) income taxes, amortization, depreciation and
write-offs and as further adjusted for stock-based compensation
expense, acquisition-related expense and transaction bonus,
publisher bonuses, MoPub acquisition transition services,
restructuring costs, loss on disposal of long-lived assets, and
non-operating foreign exchange (gain) losses. We define Adjusted
EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue for the same
period.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are key measures we use
to assess our financial performance and are also used for internal
planning and forecasting purposes. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin are helpful to investors, analysts, and
other interested parties because they can assist in providing a
more consistent and comparable overview of our operations across
our historical financial periods. In addition, these measures are
frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested
parties to evaluate and assess performance. We use Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as
part of our overall assessment of our performance, including the
preparation of our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts,
to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, and to
communicate with our board of directors concerning our financial
performance.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial
measures and are presented for supplemental informational purposes
only and should not be considered as alternatives or substitutes to
financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. These
measures have certain limitations in that they do not include the
impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our consolidated
statement of operations that are necessary to run our business. Our
definitions may differ from the definitions used by other companies
and therefore comparability may be limited. In addition, other
companies may not publish these or similar metrics. Thus, our
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should be considered in
addition to, not as substitutes for, or in isolation from, measures
prepared in accordance with GAAP.
                                45                                 
Table of Contents

The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA margin for 2024, 2023, and 2022, and a reconciliation of net
income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                   
               Year                                                
               Ended                                               
               Decemb…                                             
               31,          2024            2023             2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                 
               thousa…                                             
               except                                              
               percen…                                             
  Net                                                              
  income    $           1,579,7…    $    356,711    $    -192,947  
  (loss)                                                           
  Adjus…                                                           
  as                                                               
  follo…                                                           
  Inter…                                                           
  expen…                                                           
  and                                                              
  loss                   318,260         275,665          171,863  
  on                                                               
  settl…                                                           
  of                                                               
  debt                                                             
  Other                                                            
  incom…                 -25,440          -7,831          -18,647  
  net1                                                             
  Provi…                                                           
  for                                                              
  (bene…                  -3,771          23,859          -12,230  
  from)                                                            
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Amort…                                                           
  depre…                 448,680         489,008          547,084  
  and                                                              
  write…                                                           
  Loss                                                             
  on                                                               
  dispo…                   1,646               —          127,892  
  of                                                               
  long-…                                                           
  assets                                                           
  Non-o…                                                           
  forei…                                                           
  excha…                     291          -1,224             -164  
  (gain)                                                           
  loss                                                             
  Stock…                 376,455         363,107          191,612  
  compe…                                                           
  Acqui…                                                           
  expen…                                                           
  and                        885           1,047           21,279  
  trans…                                                           
  bonus                                                            
  Publi…                       —               —          209,635  
  bonus…                                                           
  MoPub                                                            
  acqui…                       —               —            6,999  
  trans…                                                           
  servi…                                                           
  Restr…                  22,823           2,316           10,834  
  costs                                                            
  Adjus…    $           2,719,6…    $    1,502,…    $    1,063,2…  
  EBITDA                                                           
  Net                                                              
  income                   33.5%           10.9%           (6.8)%  
  (loss)                                                           
  margin                                                           
  Adjus…                                                           
  EBITDA                   57.8%           45.8%            37.7%  
  margin                                                           
                                                                   
1 Excludes recurring operational foreign exchange gains and losses.

2 In association with the MoPub acquisition, we incurred certain
costs to incentivize publishers to migrate to our MAX mediation
solution, including existing publishers of MoPub as well as
publishers on other competitor offerings. We have not historically
incurred significant publisher migration costs, nor do we currently
intend to incur significant publisher migration costs in the
future. As such, we have removed the impact of these costs from
Adjusted EBITDA.

3 Reflects one-time transition services provided by Twitter to
AppLovin.
                                                                   
  Free Cash Flow                                                   
                                                                   
We define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by operating
activities less purchases of property and equipment and principal
payment of finance leases. We use Free Cash Flow to help manage the
health of our business, prepare budgets and for capital allocation
purposes. We believe Free Cash Flow provides useful supplemental
information to help investors understand underlying trends in our
business and our liquidity. Free cash flow has certain limitations,
including that it does not reflect our future contractual
commitments. Our definition may differ from the definitions used by
other companies and therefore comparability may be limited. In
addition, other companies may not publish Free Cash Flow or similar
metrics. Thus, our Free Cash Flow should be considered in addition
to, not as a substitute for, or in isolation from, measures
prepared in accordance with GAAP.

The following table provides our Free Cash Flow for 2024, 2023, and
2022, and a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating
activities to Free Cash Flow:
                                                                   
                     Year Ended                                    
                   December 31,                                    
                           2024             2023             2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            -in                                    
                      thousands                                    
  Net cash                                                         
  provided                                                         
  by            $     2,099,011    $   1,061,510    $     412,773  
  operating                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Less:                                                            
  Purchase                                                         
  of                                                               
  property               -4,776           -4,246             -662  
  and                                                              
  equipment                                                        
  Principal                                                        
  payments              -20,875          -20,170          -24,083  
  of finance                                                       
  leases                                                           
  Free Cash     $     2,073,360    $   1,037,094    $     388,028  
  Flow                                                             
  Net cash                                                         
  used in       $      -106,754    $     -77,829    $  -1,371,468  
  investing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Net cash                                                         
  used in       $    -1,749,844    $  -1,562,791    $    -526,848  
  financing                                                        
  activities                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Factors Affecting Our Performance                                
                                                                   
We believe that the future success of our business depends on many
factors, including the factors described below. While each of these
factors presents significant opportunities for our business, they
also pose important challenges that we must successfully address in
order to continue to grow profitably while maintaining strong cash
flow.
                                46                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Continue to invest in innovation                                 
                                                                   
We have made, and intend to continue to make, significant
investments in our Advertising solutions to enhance their
effectiveness and value proposition for our clients. We expect that
these investments will require spending on research and
development, and acquisitions and partnerships related to
technology components and products. We believe investments in our
technology, including our AI-powered advertising engine AXON,
AppDiscovery, Adjust, and MAX, will further improve effectiveness
for advertisers. In addition, we plan to continue to invest in the
AI-based, self-learning capabilities of our advertising
recommendation engine, AXON. Our investments will also allow us to
enter into and expand into new verticals outside of gaming, such as
e-commerce, CTV, original equipment manufacturer ("OEM"), and
carrier-related markets. While our investments in research and
development and acquisitions and partnerships may not result in
revenue in the near term, we believe these investments position us
to increase our revenue over time.
                                                                   
  Retain and grow existing clients                                 
                                                                   
We rely on existing clients for a significant portion of our
revenue. As we improve our Advertising solutions and Apps, we can
attract additional spend from these clients. Our clients include
indie studio developers and some of the largest advertising
platforms in the world. We believe there is significant room for us
to further expand our relationships with these clients and increase
their usage of our Advertising solutions.

In the past, our clients have generally increased their usage of
our Advertising solutions and Apps, and as a result, growth from
existing clients has been a primary driver of our revenue growth.
We must continue to retain our existing clients and expand their
spend with us over time to continue to grow our revenue, increase
profitability and drive greater cash flow.
                                                                   
  Add new clients globally                                         
                                                                   
Our future success depends in part on our ability to acquire new
clients. In 2024, 43% of our revenue was generated from outside of
the United States. We believe that the global opportunity is
significant and will continue to expand as developers and
advertisers outside the United States adopt our Advertising
solutions and advertise on our Apps. We also see opportunities to
acquire new clients outside of mobile gaming, as the capabilities
of our Advertising solutions are relevant to the broader
advertising ecosystem. We are investing in direct sales, product
development, education, and other capabilities to drive increased
awareness and adoption of our Advertising solutions and Apps, which
investments may impact our profitability in the near term as we
seek further scale.
                                                                   
  Continued execution of strategic partnerships                    
                                                                   
We continue to explore strategic partnership opportunities related
to our Software Platform and the expansion of the markets it serves
and we may from time to time evaluate strategic acquisitions and
partnerships opportunistically. From the beginning of 2018 through
2024, we have invested approximately $4.1 billion in 33 strategic
acquisitions and partnerships with mobile app developers and for
technologies or relationships to enhance our Advertising solutions,
including the acquisition of MAX in 2018, Adjust in April 2021,
MoPub in January 2022, and Wurl in April 2022. We believe our
future results of operations will be affected by our ability to
continue to identify and execute such strategic transactions that
are accretive to our growth and profitability.

Growth and structure of the mobile app and advertising ecosystems

Our business and results of operations will be impacted by industry
factors that drive the overall performance of the mobile app and
advertising ecosystems. Mobile app developers, including AppLovin,
rely on third-party platforms, such as the Apple App Store and
Google Play Store, among others, to distribute games, collect
payments made for IAPs, and target users with relevant advertising.
We expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. These third-
party platforms have significant market power and discretion to set
platform fees, select which apps to promote, and decide how much
consumer information to provide to advertising networks that enable
our Advertising solutions to target users with personalized and
relevant advertising and allocate marketing campaigns in an
efficient and cost-effective manner. Any changes made in the
policies of third-party platforms could drive rapid change across
the mobile app and advertising ecosystems. For example, in April
2021, Apple started implementing its application tracking
transparency framework that, among other things, requires users'
opt-in consent for certain types of tracking. While this
transparency framework has not had a significant impact on our
overall business, it may do so in the future, including with
respect to the effectiveness of our advertising practices and/or
our ability to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps. We rely
in part on Identifier for Advertisers ("IDFA") to provide us with
data that helps our Advertising solutions better market and
monetize Apps. In light of the IDFA and transparency changes, we
made changes to our data collection practices. To the extent we are
unable to utilize IDFA or a similar offering, or if the
transparency changes and any related opt-in or other requirements
result in decreases in the availability or utility of data relating
to Apps, our Advertising solutions may not be as effective, we may
not be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our
Apps, and our revenue and results of operations may be harmed.
Additionally, Apple implemented new requirements for consumer
disclosures regarding privacy and data processing practices in
December 2020, which has resulted in increased compliance
requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps. Apple
incorporated new SDK privacy controls into iOS 17, which was
released in September 2023, including privacy manifests and
signatures designed to allow app developers to outline the data
practices for SDKs embedded in their apps, manage tracking domains
within SDKs, and curb device fingerprinting by requiring app
developers to select allowed reasons for using data received
through certain APIs. In February 2022, Google announced its
Privacy Sandbox initiative for Android, a multi-year effort
expected to restrict tracking activity and limit advertisers'
ability to collect app and user data across Android devices. In
January 2024, Google commenced rolling out a Chrome feature, called
Tracking Protection, which limits
                                47                                 
Table of Contents

cross-site tracking. In May 2023, Google announced new consent
management platform ("CMP") requirements for ads served in the
European Economic Area ("EEA") and UK, which requires, as of
January 2024, publishers using Google AdSense, Ad Manager, or AdMob
to use a CMP that has been certified by Google and has integrated
with the Interactive Advertising Bureau's ("IAB") Transparency and
Consent Framework when serving ads to users in the EEA or the UK.
While to date these third-party platform privacy changes have had
some impact on the discoverability of apps across these platforms
and have had a relatively muted aggregate impact on our results of
operations, the ultimate impact of these or any similar or future
changes to the policies of Apple or Google could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

New tools for developers, industry standards, and platforms may
emerge in the future. We believe our focus on the advertising
ecosystem has allowed us to understand the needs of our clients and
our relentless innovation has enabled us to quickly adapt to
changes in the industry and pioneer new solutions. We must continue
to innovate and stay ahead of developments in the advertising and
mobile app ecosystems in order for our business to succeed and our
results of operations to continue to improve.
                                                                   
  Components of Results of Operations                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
We generate Advertising Revenue primarily from fees collected from
advertisers spending on AppDiscovery, typically on a performance
basis, then shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a
cost per impression basis. Advertising Revenue also includes fees
generated based on a percentage of client spend through MAX and
subscription fees for Adjust's measurement and analytics marketing
platform. Revenue from other services under Advertising was not
material.

We generate Apps Revenue from IAPs made by the users within our
Apps and from IAA generated from advertisers that purchase
advertising inventory from our diverse portfolio of Apps. IAA
Revenue from our Apps was 32%, 31%, and 33% of total Apps Revenue
in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses                           
                                                                   
Cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of payment
processing fees related to IAP Revenue, amortization of acquired
technology-related intangible assets, amortization of finance lease
right-of-use assets related to certain servers and networking
equipment and data center costs related primarily to third-party
cloud computing services. The fees for IAPs are processed and
collected by third-party distribution partners. We expect our cost
of revenue to increase in absolute dollars over the long term as
our business and revenue continue to grow. We also expect our cost
of revenue as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-
period.

Sales and marketing . Sales and marketing expenses consist
primarily of user acquisition costs, marketing programs and other
advertising expenses, professional services costs related to the
marketing of apps by third parties, personnel-related expenses
including salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation
for employees engaged in sales and marketing activities,
amortization of acquired user-related intangible assets, travel and
allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to grow our
Advertising customer base and increase brand awareness. We expect
sales and marketing expenses to fluctuate period-over-period as we
launch new games. We also expect our sales and marketing expenses
as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period- over-period in the
near term as we invest to grow our customer base and increase brand
awareness, and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from
greater scale.

Research and development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of product development costs, including personnel-related
expenses such as salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in research and development
activities, professional services costs related to development of
new apps by third parties, consulting costs, regulatory compliance
costs, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in research and development to
continue to enhance our Advertising solutions and to improve
existing games and develop new games. We expect our research and
development expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate
period-over-period in the near term as we invest to enhance our
Advertising solutions and improve our existing Apps and develop new
Apps, and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from greater
scale.

General and administrative. General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of costs incurred to support our business,
including personnel-related expenses such as salaries, employee
benefits, and stock-based compensation for employees engaged in
finance, accounting, legal, human resources and administration,
professional services fees for legal, accounting, recruiting, and
administrative services (including acquisition-related expenses),
insurance, travel, and allocated facilities and information
technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in our general and administrative
function to support the growth of our business. We expect our
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue to
fluctuate period-over-period in the near term as we invest to
support the growth of our business, and to decrease over the long
term as we benefit from greater scale.
                                                                   
  Other Income and Expenses                                        
                                                                   
Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt. Interest expense
and loss on settlement of debt consists primarily of interest
expense associated with our outstanding debt, including accretion
of debt discount and issuance costs.
                                48                                 
Table of Contents

Other income, net. Other income, net, primarily includes interest
earned on our cash and cash equivalents, fair value adjustments
relating to our non-marketable equity securities, and foreign
currency gains and losses.

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. We are subject to income
taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do
business. These foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax
rates than those in the United States. Additionally, certain of our
foreign earnings may also be taxable in the United States.
Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary depending on the
relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, impacts from
acquisition restructuring, deduction benefits related to foreign-
derived intangible income, future changes in the valuation of our
deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws.
Additionally, our effective tax rate can vary based on the amount
of pre-tax income or loss.
                                                                   
  Results of Operations                                            
                                                                   
In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the
year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December
31, 2023.

The following tables summarize our consolidated statement of
operations:
                                                                   
                       Year Ended                                  
                     December 31,                                  
                             2024            2023            2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                              -in                                  
                        thousands                                  
  Revenue         $     4,709,248    $  3,283,087    $  2,817,058  
  Costs and                                                        
  expenses                                                         
  Cost of               1,166,806       1,059,191       1,256,065  
  revenue1,2                                                       
  Sales and               849,209         830,718         919,550  
  marketing1,2                                                     
  Research and            638,689         592,386         507,607  
  development1                                                     
  General and             181,085         152,585         181,627  
  administrat…                                                     
  Total costs           2,835,789       2,634,880       2,864,849  
  and expenses                                                     
  Income                                                           
  (loss) from           1,873,459         648,207         -47,791  
  operations                                                       
  Other income                                                     
  (expense):                                                       
  Interest                                                         
  expense and                                                      
  loss on                -318,260        -275,665        -171,863  
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other                    20,806           8,028          14,477  
  income, net                                                      
  Total other            -297,454        -267,637        -157,386  
  expense                                                          
  Income                                                           
  (loss)                1,576,005         380,570        -205,177  
  before                                                           
  income taxes                                                     
  Provision                                                        
  for (benefit             -3,771          23,859         -12,230  
  from) income                                                     
  taxes                                                            
  Net income      $     1,579,776    $    356,711    $   -192,947  
  (loss)                                                           
                                                                   
_______

1 Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2024          2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                        -in thousands                              
  Cost of           $           5,499    $    5,229    $    6,307  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and                    83,435        79,879        41,533  
  marketing                                                        
  Research and                239,902       230,806        94,319  
  development                                                      
  General and                  47,619        47,193        49,453  
  administrative                                                   
  Total                                                            
  stock-based       $         376,455    $  363,107    $  191,612  
  compensation                                                     
                                                                   
_______

2 Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as
follows:
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2024          2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                        -in thousands                              
  Cost of           $         338,380    $  382,956    $  448,462  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and                    74,248        67,190        66,173  
  marketing                                                        
  Total                                                            
  amortization                                                     
  expense           $         412,628    $  450,146    $  514,635  
  related to                                                       
  acquired                                                         
  intangibles                                                      
                                                                   
                                49                                 
Table of Contents

The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated
statements of operations for each of the periods presented as a
percentage of revenue 1 :
                                                                   
                              Year Ended                           
                            December 31,                           
                                    2024       2023       2022     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                            100  %     100  %     100  %  
  Costs and                                                        
  expenses:                                                        
  Cost of revenue                     25  %      32  %      45  %  
  Sales and                           18  %      25  %      33  %  
  marketing                                                        
  Research and                        14  %      18  %      18  %  
  development                                                      
  General and                          4  %       5  %       6  %  
  administrative                                                   
  Total costs and                     60  %      80  %     102  %  
  expenses                                                         
  Income (loss)                       40  %      20  %      -2  %  
  from operations                                                  
  Other income                                                     
  (expense):                                                       
  Interest expense                                                 
  and loss on                         -7  %      -8  %      -6  %  
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other income,                        —  %       —  %       1  %  
  net                                                              
  Total other                         -6  %      -8  %      -6  %  
  expense                                                          
  Income (loss)                                                    
  before income                       33  %      12  %      -7  %  
  taxes                                                            
  Provision for                                                    
  (benefit from)                       —  %       1  %       —  %  
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Net income                          34  %      11  %      -7  %  
  (loss)                                                           
                                                                   
_______

1 Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.

Comparison of Our Results of Operations for the Twelve Months Ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022
                                                                   
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
              Year                             2023       2022     
             Ended                               to         to     
             Dece…                             2024       2023     
               31,                                %          %     
              2024        2023        2022    chan…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                 
             thou…                                                 
             exce…                                                 
             perc…                                                 
  Adv…    $  3,22…    $  1,84…    $  1,04…       75  %      76  %  
  Rev…                                                             
  In-…                                                             
  Pur…       1,00…       989,…       1,17…        1  %     -16  %  
  Rev…                                                             
  In-…                                                             
  Adv…       482,…       452,…       588,…        7  %     -23  %  
  Rev…                                                             
  Tot…                                                             
  Apps       1,48…       1,44…       1,76…        3  %     -18  %  
  Rev…                                                             
  Tot…    $  4,70…    $  3,28…    $  2,81…       43  %      17  %  
  Rev…                                                             
                                                                   
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, our Advertising
Revenue increased by $1.4 billion, or 75%, from the prior year
period primarily due to improved AppDiscovery performance, where
the volume of installations increased 50% and net revenue per
installation increased 22% compared to the prior year period. We do
not recognize Advertising Revenue from transactions with our
studios.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, our Apps Revenue
increased by $43.9 million, or 3%, from the prior year period. Our
IAA Revenue from Apps increased by $30.2 million, or 7%, compared
to the prior year period, due to a 34% increase in the volume of
advertising impressions, partially offset by a 20% decrease in
price per advertising impression. We do not recognize IAA Revenue
from transactions with our studios. For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2024, our IAP Revenue from Apps increased by $13.6
million, or 1%, from the prior year period, primarily due to a 3%
increase in price per in-app purchase, partially offset by a 2%
decrease in the volume of in-app purchases. We do not recognize IAA
Revenue from transactions with our studios.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, our Advertising
Revenue increased by $792.6 million, or 76%, from the prior year
period primarily due to publisher bonuses of $209.6 million
accounted for as a reduction to revenue in the prior year period.
The increase in Advertising Revenue was also due to improved
AppDiscovery performance, where installations increased 17% and net
revenue per installation increased 35% compared to the prior year
period. We do not recognize Advertising Revenue from transactions
with our studios.

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, our Apps Revenue
decreased by $326.6 million, or 18%, from the prior year period.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, our IAP Revenue from
Apps decreased by $190.1 million, or 16%, from the prior year
period, primarily due to a 12% decrease in the volume of IAPs and a
5% decrease in price per IAP. Our IAA Revenue from Apps decreased
by $136.4 million, or 23%, compared to the prior year period, due
to a 45% decrease in price per advertising impression, partially
offset by a 39% increase in the volume of advertising impressions.
We do not recognize IAA Revenue from transactions with our studios.
                                50                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Cost of revenue                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2022     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2023     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2022       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  C…                                                               
  of    $  1,…       $  1,…       $  1,2…        10  %     -16  %  
  r…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of        25  %        32  %         45  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
Cost of revenue in 2024 increased by $107.6 million, or 10%,
compared to 2023. The increase in 2024 was primarily due to an
increase in expenses associated with operating our network
infrastructure driven by the growth in our Advertising operations
of $141.4 million, partially offset by a decrease of $44.5 million
in amortization and impairment of intangible assets resulting from
the end of the useful life of certain intangible assets.

Cost of revenue in 2023 decreased by $196.9 million, or 16%,
compared to 2022. The decrease in 2023 was primarily due to a
decrease of $192.3 million in amortization and impairment of
intangible assets resulting from the sale of certain assets within
our Apps segment during the second half of 2022 and a decrease of
$50.0 million in third-party payment processing fees as a result of
the decline in IAP revenue, offset by an increase in expenses
associated with operating our network infrastructure driven by the
growth in our Software Platform operations of $42.7 million.
                                                                   
  Sales and marketing                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2022     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2023     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2022       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  S…                                                               
  a…    $  84…       $  83…       $  919…         2  %     -10  %  
  m…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of        18  %        25  %         33  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
Sales and marketing expenses in 2024 increased by $18.5 million, or
2%, compared to 2023 due primarily to an increase of $10.3 million
in depreciation and amortization driven by write-offs of certain
intangible assets, an increase of $9.4 million increase in
personnel-related expenses primarily related to an increase in
stock-based compensation related payroll costs and an increase of
$9.6 million in professional services costs associated with the
marketing of apps by third parties. This was partially offset by a
decrease of $17.9 million in user acquisition costs.

Sales and marketing expenses in 2023 decreased by $88.8 million, or
10%, compared to 2022 primarily due to a $126.5 million decrease in
user acquisition costs and a $12.3 million decrease in professional
services costs associated with the strategic review and
optimization of our Apps segment, offset by a $47.5 million
increase in personnel-related expense primarily due to an increase
in stock-based compensation.
                                                                   
  Research and development                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2022     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2023     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2022       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  R…                                                               
  a…    $  63…       $  59…       $  507…         8  %      17  %  
  d…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of        14  %        18  %         18  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
Research and development expenses in 2024 increased by $46.3
million, or 8%, compared to 2023. The increase was primarily due to
an increase of $44.9 million in personnel-related expenses related
to an increase in stock-based compensation related payroll costs.

Research and development expenses in 2023 increased by $84.8
million, or 17%, compared to 2022. The increase was primarily due
to an increase of $145.5 million in personnel-related expenses
related to an increase in stock-based compensation expense as a
result of an increase in headcount, offset by a decrease of $67.1
million in professional services costs due to the optimization and
sale of certain assets within our Apps segment.
General and administrative
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2022     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2023     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2022       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  G…                                                               
  a…    $  18…       $  15…       $  181…        19  %     -16  %  
  a…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of         4  %         5  %          6  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
General and administrative expenses in 2024 increased by $28.5
million, or 19% compared to 2023. The increase was primarily due to
$12.7 million in personnel-related expenses related to an increase
in stock-based compensation related payroll costs and an increase
of $11.7 million in legal-related costs.
                                51                                 
Table of Contents

General and administrative expenses in 2023 decreased by $29.0
million, or 16% compared to 2022. The decrease was primarily due to
$12.7 million in acquisition-related costs in 2022 and a decrease
of $6.7 million in professional services costs primarily associated
with acquisition support.
                                                                   
  Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  2023       20…     
           En…                                    to        to     
           De…                                  2024       20…     
           31,                                     %         %     
           20…          2023          20…       cha…       ch…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  I…                                                               
  e…                                                               
  a…                                                               
  l…    $  -3…       $  -27…       $  -1…         15  %     60  %  
  on                                                               
  s…                                                               
  of                                                               
  d…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of        -7  %         -8  %        -6  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
In 2024, interest expense and loss on settlement of debt increased
by $42.6 million, or 15%, compared to 2023. This increase was due
to loss on extinguishment of debt of $28.4 million in the current
period. In addition, the prior year period includes a net gain of
$15.8 million related to interest rate swaps.

In 2023, interest expense and loss on settlement of debt increased
by $103.8 million, or 60%, compared to 2022. This increase was
primary driven by $99.5 million due to an increase in interest rate
and $4.3 million in loss on settlement of debt resulting from a
debt refinancing transaction during the period.
                                                                   
  Other income, net                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  20…       2022     
           En…                                   to         to     
           De…                                  20…       2023     
           31,                                    %          %     
           20…          20…          2022       ch…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  O…                                                               
  i…    $  20…       $  8,…       $  14,…       159  %     -45  %  
  n…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of         —  %         —  %          1  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
In 2024, other income, net increased by $12.8 million compared to
2023. The increase was primarily due to the loss on fair value
remeasurement of $20.7 million from the impairment of non-
marketable equity securities in the prior year period, partially
offset by a decrease in interest income of $10.2 million due to a
reduction in average cash balances held during the period.

In 2023, other income, net decreased by $6.4 million compared to
2022. The decrease was primarily due to the loss on fair value
remeasurement of $20.7 million from the impairment of non-
marketable equity securities and an expense resulting from a debt
refinancing transaction of $11.0 million, offset by an increase in
interest income of $23.2 million and an increase in net foreign
currency gains and losses of $4.4 million.
                                                                   
  Provision for (benefit from) Income Taxes                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
           Ye…                                  2023       20…     
           En…                                    to        to     
           De…                                  2024       20…     
           31,                                     %         %     
           20…          2023          20…       cha…       ch…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                     
           th…                                                     
           ex…                                                     
           pe…                                                     
  P…                                                               
  f…                                                               
  (…    $  -3…       $  23,…       $  -1…       -116  %    -2…  %  
  f…                                                               
  i…                                                               
  t…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  of         —  %          1  %         —  %                       
  r…                                                               
                                                                   
In 2024, tax provision for income taxes decreased by $27.6 million,
or 116%, compared to 2023. The decrease in tax provision was
primarily driven by an increase of $172.9 million of stock-based
compensation benefit, a benefit of $123.2 million due to foreign
income taxed at a different rate, an increase of $31.5 million in
the research and development credit, offset by an increase of
$251.0 million due to higher pre-tax book income of $1.6 billion in
2024 as compared to pre-tax book income of $380.6 million in 2023,
and an increase of $34.7 million related to increase in Global
Intangible Low-Taxed Income.

In 2023, tax provision for income taxes increased by $36.1 million,
or 295%, compared to 2022. The increase in tax provision was
primarily driven by an increase of $119.0 million due to the tax
impact on the pre-tax income of $380.6 million in 2023 as compared
to pre-tax loss of $205.2 million in 2022, offset by $65.7 million
related to foreign rate differential and income inclusion, an
increase of $16.5 million related to increase in Global Intangible
Low-Taxed Income offset by an increase in foreign tax credit, an
increase of $25.9 million of stock-based compensation benefit, and
an increase of $13.3 million in the research and development
credit.
                                52                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  Comparison of our Segment Results of Operations                  
                                                                   
The following table presents the results for our Advertising and
Apps segment adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated:
                                                                   
              Year                             2023       2022     
             Ended                               to         to     
             Dece…                             2024       2023     
               31,                                %          %     
              2024        2023        2022    chan…       cha…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                 
             thou…                                                 
             exce…                                                 
             perc…                                                 
  Adv…                                                             
  Adj…    $  2,44…    $  1,27…    $  808,…       91  %      58  %  
  EBI…                                                             
  Apps                                                             
  Adj…    $  277,…    $  226,…    $  254,…       22  %     -11  %  
  EBI…                                                             
                                                                   
Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Twelve Months
Ended December 31, 2023

The $1.2 billion, or 91%, increase in Advertising Adjusted EBITDA
for 2024 was primarily driven by an increase in Advertising Revenue
of $1.4 billion, partially offset by an increase of $141.3 million
in expenses associated with our network infrastructure and an
increase of $33.3 million in personnel-related expenses.

The $50.1 million, or 22%, increase in Apps Adjusted EBITDA for
2024 was primarily driven by an increase in Apps Revenue of $43.9
million, a $17.9 million decrease in user acquisition costs, and a
$7.7 million decrease in third-party payment processing fees paid
associated with IAPs, partially offset by an $18.2 million increase
in professional services costs related to marketing, development
and maintenance of apps by third parties.

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Twelve Months
Ended December 31, 2022

The $467.3 million, or 58%, increase in Advertising Adjusted EBITDA
for 2023 was primarily driven by an increase in Advertising Revenue
of $792.6 million, partially offset by an increase of $49.5 million
in expenses associated with our network infrastructure and an
increase of $46.6 million in personnel-related expenses related to
an increase in stock-based compensation expense as a result of an
increase in headcount. In addition, Advertising Adjusted EBITDA for
2022 has been adjusted to exclude one-time publisher bonuses of
$209.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The $27.8 million, or 11%, decrease in Apps Adjusted EBITDA for
2023 was primarily driven by a decrease in Apps Revenue of $326.6
million, offset by a $126.7 million decrease in user acquisition
costs, an $84.1 million decrease in professional services costs
related to marketing, development and maintenance of apps by third
parties, a $50.0 million decrease in third-party payment processing
fees paid associated with IAPs, and a $15.9 million decrease in
personnel-related expenses.
                                                                   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources                                  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of $741.4
million, consisting primarily of cash on deposit with banks and
short-term liquid investments in money market deposit accounts. We
believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows
expected to be generated by our operations, and, if necessary, our
borrowing capacity under our 2024 Credit Agreement that provides
for $1.0 billion of unsecured revolving credit facility, would be
sufficient to satisfy our anticipated working capital and capital
expenditures needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future
capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our
revenue growth rate; sales and marketing activities; timing and
extent of spending to support our research and development efforts;
capital expenditures to purchase hardware and software; our
continued need to invest in our IT infrastructure to support our
growth; and the volume and timing of our stock repurchases. In
addition, we may enter into additional strategic partnerships as
well as agreements to acquire or invest in teams and technologies,
including intellectual property rights, which could increase our
cash requirements. As a result of these and other factors, we may
be required to seek additional equity or debt financing sooner than
we currently anticipate. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks
Related to Financial and Accounting Matters” for more information
regarding risks related to liquidity and capital resources.

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods
indicated:
                                                                   
                     Year Ended                                    
                   December 31,                                    
                           2024             2023             2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            -in                                    
                      thousands                                    
  Net cash                                                         
  provided                                                         
  by            $     2,099,011    $   1,061,510    $     412,773  
  operating                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Net cash                                                         
  used in       $      -106,754    $     -77,829    $  -1,371,468  
  investing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Net cash                                                         
  used in       $    -1,749,844    $  -1,562,791    $    -526,848  
  financing                                                        
  activities                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Operating Activities                                             
                                                                   
Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.1 billion for
2024, primarily consisting of $1.6 billion of net income, adjusted
for certain non-cash items, such as $448.7 million of amortization,
depreciation and write-offs, $369.4 million of stock-based
compensation expense, $28.4 million of loss on settlement of debt,
$12.7 million of change in operating right of use asset, partially
offset by a net decrease in the operating assets and liabilities of
$349.5 million.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion for
2023, primarily consisting of $356.7 million of net income,
adjusted for certain non-cash items, such as $489.0 million of
amortization, depreciation and write-offs, $363.1 million of stock-
                                53                                 
Table of Contents

based compensation expense, $28.0 million of impairment of non-
marketable equity securities, $17.8 million of change in operating
right of use asset, and $9.4 million of amortization of debt
issuance costs and discount partially offset by a net increase in
the operating assets and liabilities of $208.7 million.

The improvement in cash flows from operating activities during 2024
compared to 2023 was primarily due to an increase in cash
collection from our customers driven by the increase in revenue,
partially offset by higher cash operating expenses, primarily
related to data center and payroll related costs, as well as higher
interest payments due to an increase of debt.
                                                                   
  Investing Activities                                             
                                                                   
Net cash used in investing activities was $106.8 million for 2024,
primarily consisting of $77.0 million in purchases of non-
marketable investments and $25.6 million related to contingent
considerations for prior acquisitions and capitalized software
development costs.

Net cash used in investing activities was $77.8 million for 2023,
primarily consisting of $63.9 million related to contingent
considerations for prior acquisitions and capitalized software
development costs, and $17.9 million in purchases of non-marketable
investments.
                                                                   
  Financing Activities                                             
                                                                   
Net cash used in financing activities was $1.7 billion for 2024,
primarily consisting of $4.2 billion of principal repayments of
debt, $1.1 billion of payments for withholding taxes related to net
share settlement of equity awards, and $981.3 million of stock
repurchases, partially offset by $4.6 billion of proceeds from
issuance of debt.

Net cash used in financing activities was $1.6 billion for 2023,
primarily consisting of $1.2 billion of stock repurchases, $498.0
million of principal repayments of debt, and $246.4 million of
payments for withholding taxes related to net share settlement of
equity awards, partially offset by $395.3 million of proceeds from
issuance of debt.
                                                                   
  Credit Agreement                                                 
                                                                   
In December 2024, we entered into an unsecured credit agreement
(the "2024 Credit Agreement"), which provided for a $1.0 billion
unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on December 5, 2029,
with the option for two one-year extensions as permitted under the
agreement. The 2024 Credit Agreement replaced the existing credit
agreement, originally entered into in August 2018 and subsequently
amended multiple times. As of December 31, 2024, no amounts had
been borrowed under the 2024 Credit Agreement. For additional
information on the 2024 Credit Agreement, see Note 9 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  Long-term Debt                                                   
                                                                   
As of December 2024, we had outstanding long-term debt in the form
of senior unsecured notes for an aggregate principal amount of $3.6
billion. These notes were issued in multiple series, which mature
from 2029 to 2035 and bear fixed annual interest rates ranging from
5.125% to 5.950%, with interest payments due semi-annually in
arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1,
2025. For additional information, see Note 9 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  Stock Repurchase Program                                         
                                                                   
During 2024, our board of directors authorized increases to our
stock repurchase program of an aggregate amount of $3.3 billion,
which additional amount may be repurchased from time to time
subject to a limitation in any fiscal quarter of the amount of our
Free Cash Flow in the preceding fiscal quarter and compliance with
applicable law and any contractual restrictions. As of December 31,
2024, $2.3 billion remained available and authorized for
repurchases under our stock repurchase program. For additional
information on the stock repurchase program, see Note 10 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  Contractual Obligations                                          
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024, we had non-cancellable purchase
obligations primarily related to an agreement for third-party cloud
computing services of $1.2 billion, with $438.9 million payable
within twelve months. For additional information, see Note 5 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

As of December 31, 2024, we had non-cancelable payments related to
leases of servers and networking equipment of $184.1 million, with
$30.5 million payable within twelve months. For additional
information, see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

As of December 31, 2024, we had non-cancellable payments related to
leases of office facilities of $51.4 million, with $16.8 million
payable within twelve months. For additional information, see Note
8 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

As of December 31, 2024, we had unfunded commitments of $21.5
million related to investments in certain private equity funds,
which may be called from time to time by the funds. For additional
information, see Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                54                                 
Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2024, we had a non-cancelable payment related to
a third-party intellectual property license of $12.8 million, which
was paid in January 2025.

As of December 31, 2024, we had certain contingent consideration
arrangements related to our prior acquisitions, with payouts
contingent on the profit or revenue generated by the relevant Apps.
We do not expect these payouts to have a material impact on our
cash flows.
                                                                   
  Taxes                                                            
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024, we had recorded liabilities of $60.9
million related to uncertain tax positions. Due to uncertainties in
the timing of potential tax audits, the timing of the resolution of
these positions is uncertain and we are unable to make a reasonable
estimate of the timing of payments in individual years particularly
beyond 12 months.
                                                                   
  Critical Accounting Estimates                                    
                                                                   
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance
with GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities revenue, expenses and
related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates
based on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances. These estimates are inherently subject to judgment
and actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

An accounting estimate is considered critical if it involves
significant subjectivity and judgment, and if changes in the
estimate have had or are reasonably likely to have a material
effect on our consolidated financial statements. We believe the
following estimates are subject to a greater degree of judgment and
complexity and have the greatest potential impact on our
consolidated financial statements. For additional information on
all of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                   
  Goodwill and Intangible Assets                                   
                                                                   
We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level
annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or
changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment. Similarly,
we evaluate intangible assets for impairment at the asset group
level whenever indications suggest that their carrying amounts may
not be recoverable. These impairment assessments involve both
qualitative and quantitative evaluations.

The qualitative evaluation considers factors such as financial
performance, macroeconomic conditions, industry trends, and other
relevant events that may impact an reporting unit or asset group.
If qualitative assessments suggest a potential impairment, we
proceed with a quantitative assessment, which involves significant
estimates and assumptions including projected future cash flows,
risk-adjusted discount rates, economic and market conditions, and
appropriate market comparables, among others. Additionally, we
apply judgment and assumptions in allocating shared assets and
liabilities to determine the carrying values of each reporting unit
or asset group. Furthermore, we review and reassess the estimated
remaining useful lives of intangible assets if significant events
or changes in circumstances indicate a need to revise the remaining
amortization periods.
                                                                   
  Stock-Based Compensation                                         
                                                                   
We measure and recognize stock-based compensation expense for
share-based awards, primarily including restricted stock units
("RSUs"), performance-based RSUs with both service and market-based
conditions, stock options and stock purchase rights granted under
the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, based on the grant-date fair
value of the awards. To estimate the grant-date fair value, we may
use different valuation models such as the Black-Scholes option
valuation model or the Monte Carlo valuation model that require
various assumptions including, among others, the expected stock
price volatility, the risk-free interest rate, the expected
dividend yield, the discount for awards subject to post-vesting
restrictions.
                                                                   
  Income Taxes                                                     
                                                                   
We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method,
which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
have been included in the financial statements. Under this method,
we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of
the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the
year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect
of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date.

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, we consider all available positive and negative
evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning
strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine that
we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in
excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred
tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision
for income taxes.

We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (i) whether it is more
likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the
basis of the technical merits of the position and (ii) for those
tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a
tax authority.
                                55                                 
Table of Contents

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits in the income tax expense line in our consolidated
statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are
included in the other non-current liabilities line in the
consolidated balance sheet.
                                                                   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements                                 
                                                                   
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for recently adopted
accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting
pronouncements not yet adopted as of the dates of the statement of
financial position included in this Annual Report on 10-K.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About        │
│  Market Risk                                                    │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our
business, which primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates
and foreign exchange.

Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk

As of December 31, 2024, we had unrestricted cash and cash
equivalents of $741.4 million. A hypothetical 100 basis point
increase in interest rates would not have a material impact on our
financial condition or results of operations due to the short-term
nature of our cash equivalents.

The Senior Notes have fixed annual interest rates, and therefore we
do not have economic interest rate exposure on these debt
obligations. However, the fair values of the Senior Notes are
exposed to interest rate risk. Generally, the fair values of the
Senior Notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as
interest rates rise.

Future borrowings under our 2024 Credit Agreement will bear
interest, which varies based on the underlying index rates. Because
the interest rates applicable to borrowings under the 2024 Credit
Agreement are variable, we are exposed to market risk from changes
in the underlying index rates, which affect our cost of borrowing.
For additional information, see Note 9 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Translation Exposure

We are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we
translate the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into
U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign
currency exchange rates, the translating adjustments resulting from
the conversion of our foreign subsidiaries’ financial statements
into U.S. dollars would result in a gain or loss recorded as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), which
is part of stockholders’ equity. We are also exposed to
fluctuations in our net income (loss) as a result of transaction
gains or losses related to remeasuring monetary asset and liability
balances that are denominated in currencies other than the
functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded.
Accordingly, changes in exchange rates may negatively affect our
future revenue and other results of operations as expressed in U.S.
dollars. At this time, we do not, but we may in the future, enter
into derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to
hedge our foreign currency exchange risk. Foreign currency
transaction gains and losses were not material for the year ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, or 2022.
                                56                                 
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data            │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                   
                       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
            INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS             
                                                                   
                                                           
                                                     Page  
  Reports of Independent Registered Public             58  
  Accounting Firm(PCAOB ID No.34)                          
  Consolidated Balance Sheets                          61  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations                62  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income      63  
  (Loss)                                                   
  Consolidated Statements of Redeemable                64  
  Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders’Equity          
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                65  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements           67  
                                                           
                                57                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM      
                                                                   
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin
Corporation
                                                                   
  Opinion on the Financial Statements                              
                                                                   
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
AppLovin Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive income (loss), redeemable noncontrolling
interest and stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
dated February 27, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on the
Company's internal control over financial reporting.
                                                                   
  Basis for Opinion                                                
                                                                   
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the US
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
                                                                   
  Critical Audit Matter                                            
                                                                   
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising
from the current‐period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates.
Performance-based Restricted Stock Units - Refer to Note 2 and Note
11 to the financial statements
                                                                   
  Critical Audit Matter Description                                
                                                                   
In November 2024, the Company granted performance-based restricted
stock units (“PSUs”) which are eligible to vest based on the
achievement of certain stock price targets and the satisfaction of
service conditions. The grant date fair value of the PSUs is $36.1
million.

A Monte Carlo simulation was utilized to determine the grant date
fair value. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilized the stock
price on the date of grant, expected volatility, risk-free interest
rate, discount for lack of marketability and dividend yield to
calculate the grant date fair value. The assumptions used in the
Monte Carlo simulation model had a significant effect on the grant
date fair value of the PSUs.

Given the level of judgment involved by management, which included
the use of a specialist to determine the grant date fair value of
the PSUs and the derived service period, our audit procedures
required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased extent of
effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the valuation of the PSUs included
the following, among others:

◦ We tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company’s
internal controls over the determination of the grant date fair
value of the PSUs.

◦ We inquired of management the key valuation assumptions and the
Monte Carlo simulation model methodology used in the determination
of the grant date fair value of the PSUs.
                                58                                 
Table of Contents

◦ We performed risk assessment procedures over the valuation
assumptions and performed a sensitivity analysis to understand the
impacts of the valuation assumptions used.

◦ We tested the accuracy of the data used in measuring the awards
by agreeing the underlying inputs, such as the grant date, and the
stock price, among others, back to source documents, such as grant
agreements.

◦ We evaluated the qualifications of the Company's specialists by
assessing their certifications and determining whether they meet
the qualifications necessary to perform independent PSU valuations.

◦ With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated
management’s valuation of the PSUs by:

I. Evaluating the Monte Carlo simulation model methodology and the
reasonableness of the valuation assumptions, including the stock
price on the date of grant, expected volatility, risk-free interest
rate, discount for lack of marketability, and dividend yield.

II. Independently developing the Monte Carlo simulation model and
independently calculating valuation inputs.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
San Jose, California

February 27, 2025
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015.
                                59                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM      
                                                                   
To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin
Corporation

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of
AppLovin Corporation and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of
December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our
opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control —
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),
the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2024, of the Company and our report dated February 27,
2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial
statements.
                                                                   
  Basis for Opinion                                                
                                                                   
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial
Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
San Jose, California

February 27, 2025
                                60                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
                    Consolidated Balance Sheets                    
                                                                   
          (In thousands, except share and per share data)          
                                                                   
  Assets                       As of December 31,                  
  Current assets:                            2024            2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash             $             741,411    $    502,152  
  equivalents                                                      
  Accounts receivable,                  1,414,246         953,810  
  net                                                              
  Prepaid expenses and                                             
  other current                           156,533         160,201  
  assets                                                           
  Total current assets                  2,312,190       1,616,163  
  Property and                            160,530         173,331  
  equipment, net                                                   
  Operating lease                          38,069          48,210  
  right-of-use assets                                              
  Goodwill                              1,803,426       1,842,850  
  Intangible assets, net                  896,677       1,292,635  
  Other assets                            658,367         385,998  
  Total assets              $           5,869,259    $  5,359,187  
  Liabilities and                                                  
  Stockholders’ Equity                                             
  Current liabilities:                                             
  Accounts payable          $             563,427    $    371,702  
  Accrued and other                       409,392         265,256  
  current liabilities                                              
  Short-term debt                               —         215,000  
  Deferred revenue                         69,839          78,559  
  Operating lease                          14,814          13,605  
  liabilities, current                                             
  Total current                         1,057,472         944,122  
  liabilities                                                      
  Long-term debt                        3,508,983       2,905,906  
  Operating lease                                                  
  liabilities,                             32,608          42,905  
  non-current                                                      
  Other non-current                       180,378         209,925  
  liabilities                                                      
  Total liabilities                     4,779,441       4,102,858  
  Commitments and                                                  
  contingencies (Note 5)                                           
  Stockholders’ equity:                                            
  Preferred stock,                                                 
  $0.00003par                                                      
  value—100,000,000shar…                                           
  authorized,noshares                           —               —  
  issued and                                                       
  outstanding as of                                                
  December 31, 2024 and                                            
  2023                                                             
  Class A, Class B, and                                            
  Class C Common                                                   
  stock, $0.00003par                                               
  value—1,850,000,000(C…                                           
  A1,500,000,000, Class                                            
  B200,000,000,                                                    
  Class C150,000,000)                                              
  shares                                                           
  authorized,340,041,73…                                           
  A309,353,198, Class                          11              11  
  B30,688,541, Class                                               
  Cnil)                                                            
  and339,886,712(Class                                             
  A268,774,090,                                                    
  Class B71,112,622,                                               
  Class Cnil) shares                                               
  issued and outstanding                                           
  as of December                                                   
  31, 2024 and 2023,                                               
  respectively                                                     
  Additional paid-in                      593,699       2,134,581  
  capital                                                          
  Accumulated other                      -103,096         -65,274  
  comprehensive loss                                               
  Retained earnings                       599,204        -812,989  
  (Accumulated deficit)                                            
  Total stockholders’                   1,089,818       1,256,329  
  equity                                                           
  Total liabilities and                                            
  stockholders’             $           5,869,259    $  5,359,187  
  equity                                                           
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                61                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
               Consolidated Statements of Operations               
                                                                   
          (In thousands, except share and per share data)          
                                                                   
                    Year Ended                                     
                      December                                     
                           31,                                     
                          2024              2023             2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue       $    4,709,248    $    3,283,087    $   2,817,058  
  Costs and                                                        
  expenses:                                                        
  Cost of            1,166,806         1,059,191        1,256,065  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and            849,209           830,718          919,550  
  marketing                                                        
  Research                                                         
  and                  638,689           592,386          507,607  
  developme…                                                       
  General                                                          
  and                  181,085           152,585          181,627  
  administr…                                                       
  Total                                                            
  costs and          2,835,789         2,634,880        2,864,849  
  expenses                                                         
  Income                                                           
  (loss)             1,873,459           648,207          -47,791  
  from                                                             
  operations                                                       
  Other                                                            
  income                                                           
  (expense):                                                       
  Interest                                                         
  expense                                                          
  and loss            -318,260          -275,665         -171,863  
  on                                                               
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other                                                            
  income,               20,806             8,028           14,477  
  net                                                              
  Total                                                            
  other               -297,454          -267,637         -157,386  
  expense,                                                         
  net                                                              
  Income                                                           
  (loss)                                                           
  before             1,576,005           380,570         -205,177  
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Provision                                                        
  for                                                              
  (benefit              -3,771            23,859          -12,230  
  from)                                                            
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Net income         1,579,776           356,711         -192,947  
  (loss)                                                           
  Less: Net                                                        
  loss                                                             
  attributa…                 —                 —             -201  
  to                                                               
  noncontro…                                                       
  interest                                                         
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…    $    1,579,776    $      356,711    $    -192,746  
  to                                                               
  AppLovin                                                         
  Less: Net                                                        
  income                                                           
  attributa…             2,717             1,769                —  
  to                                                               
  participa…                                                       
  securities                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…    $    1,577,059    $      354,942    $    -192,746  
  to common                                                        
  stock—Bas…                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…    $    1,577,144    $      354,993    $    -192,746  
  to common                                                        
  stock—Dil…                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share                                                            
  attributa…                                                       
  to Class A                                                       
  and Class                                                        
  B common                                                         
  stockhold…                                                       
  Basic         $         4.68    $         1.01    $       -0.52  
  Diluted       $         4.53    $         0.98    $       -0.52  
  Weighted-…                                                       
  common                                                           
  shares                                                           
  used to                                                          
  compute                                                          
  net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share                                                            
  attributa…                                                       
  to Class A                                                       
  and Class                                                        
  B                                                                
  common                                                           
  stockhold…                                                       
  Basic            336,921,483       351,952,187       371,568,0…  
  Diluted          347,807,555       362,589,246       371,568,0…  
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                62                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
      Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)       
                                                                   
                          (In thousands)                           
                                                                   
                          Year Ended                               
                        December 31,                               
                                2024          2023           2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income       $       1,579,776    $  356,711    $  -192,947  
  (loss)                                                           
  Other                                                            
  comprehensive                                                    
  income                                                           
  (loss):                                                          
  Foreign                                                          
  currency                                                         
  translation                -37,822        18,108        -37,928  
  adjustment,                                                      
  net of tax                                                       
  Other                                                            
  comprehensive                                                    
  income                     -37,822        18,108        -37,928  
  (loss), net                                                      
  of tax                                                           
  Comprehensive                                                    
  income (loss)                                                    
  including                1,541,954       374,819       -230,875  
  noncontrolli…                                                    
  interest                                                         
  Less:                                                            
  Comprehensive                                                    
  loss                                                             
  attributable                     —             —           -201  
  to                                                               
  noncontrolli…                                                    
  interest                                                         
  Comprehensive                                                    
  income (loss)    $       1,541,954    $  374,819    $  -230,674  
  attributable                                                     
  to AppLovin                                                      
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                63                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
 Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and 
                       Stockholders’ Equity                        
                                                                   
                 (In thousands, except share data)                 
                                                                   
                      …                                            
                      A                                            
                      …                                            
                      …                                            
         …            B                                            
         …            …                                            
         …       …    …                                            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
      $  …               …        $      $      $      $      $    
         —               …                                         
         —               …                                         
         —               …                                         
         —               …                                         
         —               —                                         
         —               —                                         
         …               —                                         
         —            …                                            
         —            …                                            
         —            …                                            
         —            …                                            
         —            —                                            
         —            —                                            
         —            —                                            
         —            …                                            
            —            …                                         
            —            …                                         
            —            …                                         
            —            —                                         
            —            —                                         
            —            —                                         
      $  —            …           $      $      $      $      $    
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                64                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
               Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows               
                                                                   
                          (In thousands)                           
                                                                   
                     Year Ended                                    
                   December 31,                                    
                           2024             2023             2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating                                                        
  Activities                                                       
  Net income    $     1,579,776    $     356,711    $    -192,947  
  (loss)                                                           
  Adjustmen…                                                       
  to                                                               
  reconcile                                                        
  net income                                                       
  (loss) to                                                        
  operating                                                        
  activitie…                                                       
  Amortizat…                                                       
  depreciat…            448,680          489,008          547,084  
  and                                                              
  write-offs                                                       
  Stock-bas…                                                       
  compensat…                                                       
  excluding             369,367          363,107          191,612  
  cash-sett…                                                       
  awards                                                           
  Impairment                                                       
  of                          —           27,953                —  
  investmen…                                                       
  Loss on                                                          
  settlement             28,375            4,337                —  
  of debt                                                          
  Change in                                                        
  operating              12,689           17,842           17,107  
  right-of-…                                                       
  assets                                                           
  Amortizat…                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  issuance                5,460            9,363           12,678  
  costs and                                                        
  discount                                                         
  Loss on                                                          
  disposal                                                         
  of                      1,646                —          127,892  
  long-lived                                                       
  assets                                                           
  Other                   2,557            1,863            1,786  
  Changes in                                                       
  operating                                                        
  assets and                                                       
  liabiliti…                                                       
  Accounts             -467,028         -261,279         -174,829  
  receivable                                                       
  Prepaid                                                          
  expenses                                                         
  and other               4,056          -12,280           -3,725  
  current                                                          
  assets                                                           
  Other                -189,387         -121,688          -77,343  
  assets                                                           
  Accounts              189,585           98,574            3,479  
  payable                                                          
  Operating                                                        
  lease                 -14,106          -18,612          -18,898  
  liabiliti…                                                       
  Accrued                                                          
  and other             133,974           92,754           -6,412  
  liabiliti…                                                       
  Deferred               -6,633           13,857          -14,711  
  revenue                                                          
  Net cash                                                         
  provided                                                         
  by                  2,099,011        1,061,510          412,773  
  operating                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Investing                                                        
  Activities                                                       
  Purchase                                                         
  of                                                               
  non-marke…            -76,983          -17,934          -66,342  
  equity                                                           
  securities                                                       
  Acquisiti…                                                       
  of                                                               
  businesses            -25,553          -63,899       -1,345,776  
  and                                                              
  intangible                                                       
  assets                                                           
  Purchase                                                         
  of                                                               
  property               -4,776           -4,246             -662  
  and                                                              
  equipment                                                        
  Proceeds                                                         
  from sale                 558            8,250           41,312  
  of assets                                                        
  and other                                                        
  Net cash                                                         
  used in              -106,754          -77,829       -1,371,468  
  investing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Financing                                                        
  Activities                                                       
  Principal                                                        
  repayments         -4,225,223         -497,994          -25,810  
  of debt                                                          
  Payments                                                         
  of                                                               
  withholdi…                                                       
  taxes              -1,143,525         -246,435          -27,535  
  related to                                                       
  net share                                                        
  settlement                                                       
  Repurchas…                                                       
  of common            -981,297       -1,153,593         -338,880  
  stock                                                            
  Payments                                                         
  of                                                               
  deferred                    —          -33,903         -124,184  
  acquisiti…                                                       
  costs                                                            
  Payments                                                         
  of                                                               
  licensed                    —          -27,110          -17,374  
  asset                                                            
  obligation                                                       
  Payments                                                         
  of debt               -35,563           -4,655                —  
  issuance                                                         
  cost                                                             
  Principal                                                        
  payments              -20,875          -20,170          -24,083  
  of finance                                                       
  leases                                                           
  Proceeds                                                         
  from                4,614,841          395,281                —  
  issuance                                                         
  of debt                                                          
  Proceeds                                                         
  from                                                             
  issuance                                                         
  of common                                                        
  stock                                                            
  upon                                                             
  exercise               41,798           25,788           31,018  
  of stock                                                         
  options                                                          
  and                                                              
  purchase                                                         
  of ESPP                                                          
  shares                                                           
  Net cash                                                         
  used in            -1,749,844       -1,562,791         -526,848  
  financing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  Effect of                                                        
  foreign                                                          
  exchange                                                         
  rate on                                                          
  cash,                                                            
  cash                   -3,154              778           -4,477  
  equivalen…                                                       
  and                                                              
  restricted                                                       
  cash                                                             
  equivalen…                                                       
  Net                                                              
  (decrease)                                                       
  increase                                                         
  in cash,                                                         
  cash                  239,259         -578,332       -1,490,020  
  equivalen…                                                       
  and                                                              
  restricted                                                       
  cash                                                             
  equivalen…                                                       
  Cash, cash                                                       
  equivalen…                                                       
  and                                                              
  restricted                                                       
  cash                  502,152        1,080,484        2,570,504  
  equivalen…                                                       
  at                                                               
  beginning                                                        
  of the                                                           
  period                                                           
  Cash and                                                         
  cash                                                             
  equivalen…    $       741,411    $     502,152    $   1,080,484  
  at end of                                                        
  the                                                              
  period                                                           
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                65                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                
                                                                   
                          (In thousands)                           
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2024          2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Supplemental                                                     
  non-cash                                                         
  investing and                                                    
  financing                                                        
  activities                                                       
  disclosures:                                                     
  Right-of-use                                                     
  assets            $          20,874    $  113,440    $   46,108  
  acquired under                                                   
  finance leases                                                   
  Right-of-use                                                     
  assets                                                           
  acquired under    $           5,451    $    6,471    $    7,105  
  operating                                                        
  leases                                                           
  Accrued                                                          
  withholding                                                      
  taxes related                                                    
  to net                                                           
  share             $           8,606    $        —    $        —  
  settlement of                                                    
  restricted                                                       
  stock                                                            
  units                                                            
  Issuance of                                                      
  common stock                                                     
  and common                                                       
  stock warrants    $               —    $        —    $  137,422  
  in connection                                                    
  with                                                             
  acquisitions                                                     
  Acquisitions      $               —    $        —    $   31,045  
  not yet paid                                                     
  Assets                                                           
  acquired not      $             510    $        —    $   33,566  
  yet paid                                                         
  Proceeds from                                                    
  sale of                                                          
  long-lived        $               —    $        —    $    7,000  
  assets                                                           
  not yet                                                          
  received                                                         
  Supplemental                                                     
  disclosure of                                                    
  cash flow                                                        
  information:                                                     
  Cash paid for                                                    
  income taxes,     $          67,332    $   75,433    $   86,264  
  net of                                                           
  refunds                                                          
  Cash paid for     $         270,615    $  248,828    $  165,959  
  interest                                                         
                                                                   
   See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
                                                                   
                                66                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
                       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  1.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Description of Business                                          
                                                                   
AppLovin Corporation (the “Company” or “AppLovin”) was incorporated
in the state of Delaware on July 18, 2011. The Company is a leader
in the advertising ecosystem providing end-to-end Advertising
solutions that allow businesses to reach, monetize and grow their
global audiences. The Company also has a globally diversified
portfolio of apps—free-to-play mobile games that it operates
through its owned or partner studios.

The Company is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has
several operating locations in the U.S. as well as various
international office locations in North America, Asia, and Europe.

The Company reports financial results under twosegments:
Advertising and Apps. Concurrent with this Form 10-K filing, the
Company renamed the segment formerly known as Software Platform to
Advertising. The segment name change did not result in any change
to the composition of the Company's segments and therefore did not
result in any change to historical results. See Note 14 - Segments
and Geographic Information.
                                                                   
  2.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies                       
                                                                   
Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation — The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with U.S generally accepted accounting principles
("GAAP"). Consolidated financial statements include accounts and
operations of the Company and its wholly owned and majority owned
subsidiaries, and the ownership interest of minority investors is
recorded as noncontrolling interest. In accordance with the
provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 810,
Consolidation , the Company is also required to consolidate any
variable interest entities ("VIE") when it is the primary
beneficiary. The primary beneficiary has both the power to direct
the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s
economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE
that could potentially be significant to the VIE, or the right to
receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant
to the VIE. The Company evaluates its relationships with all VIEs
on an ongoing basis. All intercompany transactions and balances
have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Certain prior period amounts reported in the Company's consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to
conform to current period presentation.
Use of Estimates —The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and
disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. The Company bases its estimates on assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. On an ongoing
basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not
limited to, those related to fair values of assets and liabilities
acquired through acquisitions, useful lives of intangible assets
and property and equipment, expected period of consumption of
virtual goods, income and indirect taxes, contingent liabilities,
evaluation of recoverability of intangible assets and long-lived
assets, goodwill impairment, stock-based compensation, fair value
of derivatives and other financial instruments. These estimates are
inherently subject to judgment and actual results could differ
materially from those estimates.
Risk and Uncertainties —The Company is subject to risks and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, as a result of the
political uncertainty and international conflicts around the world,
such as between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East, as well
as, friction between the United States and China. A s of the
issuance date of these consolidated financial statements, the
Company’s results of operations have not been materially impacted.
However, the future impact of these events remains uncertain as the
response to and information related to these events is rapidly
evolving. A weakened global economy may negatively impact in-app
purchasing decisions and consumer buying decisions across the globe
generally, which could adversely affect advertiser activity. The
full impact of these events on the global economy and the extent to
which these events may impact the Company’s business, financial
condition, and results of operations in the future remains
uncertain. The severity of the impact of the political uncertainty
and international conflicts around the world on the Company’s
business will depend on a number of factors, including, but not
limited to, the duration and severity of these events and the
extent and severity of the impact on the Company’s customers, all
of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. The Company’s
future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely
impacted by delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts
beyond normal payment terms and uncertain demand.
Revenue from Contracts with Customers — The Company generates
Advertising and Apps Revenue. Advertising Revenue is generated
primarily from fees collected from advertisers including
advertising networks who use the Advertising solutions. Apps
Revenue consists of in-app purchase revenue ("IAP Revenue")
generated from in-app purchases made by users within the Company’s
apps (“Apps”), and in-app advertising revenue ("IAA Revenue")
generated from third-party advertisers that purchase ad inventory
from Apps.
Advertising Revenue
The vast majority of the Advertising Revenue is generated through
AppDiscovery and MAX, which provide the technology to match
advertisers and owners of digital advertising inventory
(“Publishers”) via auctions at large scale and microsecond-level
speeds. The terms for all mobile advertising arrangements are
governed by the Company’s terms and conditions and generally
                                67                                 
Table of Contents

stipulate payment terms of 30 days subsequent to the end of the
month. Substantially all of the Company's contracts with customers
are fully cancellable at any time or upon a short notice.

The Company’s performance obligation is to provide customers with
access to the Advertising solutions, which facilitates the
advertiser’s purchase of ad inventory from Publishers. The Company
does not control the ad inventory prior to its transfer to the
advertiser, because the Company does not have the substantive
ability to direct the use of nor obtain substantially all of the
remaining benefits from the ad inventory. The Company is not
primarily responsible for fulfillment. The Company is an agent as
it relates to the sale of third-party advertising inventory and
presents revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the
product of either the number of completions of agreed upon actions
or advertisements displayed and the contractually agreed upon price
per advertising unit with the advertiser less consideration paid or
payable to Publishers. The Company recognizes Advertising Revenue
when the agreed upon action is completed or when the ad is
displayed to users. The number of advertisements delivered and
completions of agreed upon actions is determined at the end of each
month, which resolves any uncertainty in the transaction price
during the reporting period.

Advertising Revenue also includes revenue generated from Adjust's
measurement and analytics marketing platform that is recognized
ratably over the subscription period of generally up to twelve
months. Revenue from other services was not material.

Apps Revenue

In-App Purchase Revenue

IAP Revenue includes fees collected from users to purchase virtual
goods to enhance their gameplay experience. The identified
performance obligation is to provide users with the ability to
acquire, use, and hold virtual items over the estimated period of
time the virtual items are available to the user or until the
virtual item is consumed. Payment is required at the time of
purchase, and the purchase price is a fixed amount.

Users make IAPs through the Company’s distribution partners. The
transaction price is equal to the gross amount charged to users
because the Company is the principal in the transaction. IAP fees
are non-refundable. Such payments are initially recorded as
deferred revenue. The Company categorizes its virtual goods as
either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent
goods that can be consumed by a specific player action in gameplay;
accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of
consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed. Durable virtual
goods represent goods that are accessible to the user over an
extended period of time; accordingly, the Company recognizes
revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods ratably over the
period of time the goods are available to the user, which is
generally the estimated average user life (“EAUL”).

The EAUL represents the Company’s best estimate of the expected
life of paying users for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when
a user makes the first purchase of durable virtual goods and ends
when a user is determined to be inactive. The Company determines
the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For a newly launched game with
limited playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the
EAUL of a game with sufficiently similar characteristics.

The Company determines the EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies
such calculated EAUL to all bookings in the respective quarter.
Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires management’s
judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical
playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future.
The EAULs are generally between five and ten months.

In-App Advertising Revenue

IAA Revenue is generated by selling ad inventory on the Company's
Apps to third-party advertisers. Advertisers purchase ad inventory
either through the Advertising solutions or through third-party
advertising networks (“Ad Networks”). Revenue from the sale of ad
inventory through Ad Networks is recognized net of the amounts
retained by Ad Networks as the Company is unable to determine the
gross amount paid by the advertisers to Ad Networks. The Company
recognizes revenue when the ad is displayed to users.

The Company presents taxes collected from customers and remitted to
governmental authorities on a net basis.

Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table presents revenue disaggregated by segment and
type (in thousands):
                                                                   
                       Year Ended                                  
                     December 31,                                  
                             2024            2023            2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Advertising     $     3,224,058    $  1,841,762    $  1,049,167  
  Revenue                                                          
  In-App                                                           
  Purchases             1,002,656         989,007       1,179,133  
  Revenue                                                          
  In-App                                                           
  Advertising             482,534         452,318         588,758  
  Revenue                                                          
  Total Apps            1,485,190       1,441,325       1,767,891  
  Revenue                                                          
  Total           $     4,709,248    $  3,283,087    $  2,817,058  
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
                                68                                 
Table of Contents
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location,
consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                   
                       Year Ended                                  
                     December 31,                                  
                             2024            2023            2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United         $      2,688,993    $  1,970,856    $  1,728,958  
  States                                                           
  Rest of the           2,020,255       1,312,231       1,088,100  
  World                                                            
  Total          $      4,709,248    $  3,283,087    $  2,817,058  
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
Contract Balances

Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue, which are
recorded for payments received in advance of the satisfaction of
performance obligations. During the years ended December 31, 2024
and 2023, the Company recognized $ 78.0million and $ 63.6million of
revenue that was included in deferred revenue as of December 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively.

Unsatisfied Performance Obligations

Substantially all of the Company’s unsatisfied performance
obligations relate to contracts with an original expected length of
one year or less.

Publisher Bonuses

In the first quarter of 2022, the Company paid or promised to pay a
total of $ 209.6million in bonuses to publishers consisting
primarily of non-recurring bonuses to migrate publishers to MAX,
the Company's own in-app mediation platform. The Company accounted
for such publisher bonuses as a reduction to revenue since the
publishers receiving such bonuses are also customers of the
Company.
Cash and Cash Equivalents —Cash and cash equivalents primarily
consist of cash on deposit with banks and highly liquid investments
with original maturities of 90 days or less from the date of
purchase.
Non-Marketable Equity Investments —Non-marketable equity securities
are investments without readily determinable fair values that are
recorded using a measurement alternative measured at cost less any
impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from qualifying
observable price changes. An impairment loss is recorded when an
event or circumstance indicates a decline in value. For certain
securities, the Company applies the net asset value (NAV) practical
expedient, where NAV represents the estimated fair value of these
investments. See Note 3 - Financial Instruments and Fair Value
Measurements for additional information.
Accounts Receivable, net —The Company records accounts receivable
at the invoiced amount, net of allowance for potentially
uncollectible amounts. The Company reviews accounts receivable
periodically and estimates the allowance based on known troubled
accounts, historical experience, and other currently available
evidence. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the allowance for
uncollectible amounts was not material.
Derivatives —The Company accounts for derivative instruments at
fair value within its consolidated balance sheets, and the
accounting treatment for each derivative is based on its hedge
designation. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments
for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in the fair value of
derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges are recorded
within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until earnings
are affected by the variability of cash flows. Changes in the fair
value of non-designated derivatives are recorded immediately
through earnings. The Company classifies cash flows from
derivatives in a manner consistent with the underlying hedged item
. See Note 3 - Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements
for additional information.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments —The Company uses a three-tier
fair value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis, in periods subsequent to their initial measurement. The
hierarchy requires the Company to use observable inputs when
available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
determining fair value. The three tiers are defined as follows:
Level 1 —Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted)
for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
Level 2 —Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that
are observable either directly or indirectly.
Level 3 —Unobservable inputs of which there is little or no market
data, which require the Company to develop its own assumptions.
Concentration of Credit Risk and Uncertainties —The Company’s
financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit
risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts
receivable. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents
with large, reputable financial institutions in amounts which
exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits.
The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers
and generally requires no collateral for its accounts receivable.
No individual customer represented 10% or more of the Company’s
accounts receivable, net as of December 31, 2024 or 2023. The
Company also uses various distribution partners to collect payments
for IAPs made by users within Apps . No individual distribution
partner represented 10% or more of the Company's accounts
receivable, net as of December 31, 2024 or
                                69                                 
Table of Contents

2023. No individual customer represented 10% or more of the
Company’s total revenue during the years ended December 31, 2024,
2023, or 2022.
Property and Equipment, net —Property and equipment are stated at
cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets, which is as follows:
                                                                   
                            Useful Life                            
  Leasehold improvements    Over the shorter of useful life (up    
                            to10years) or lease term               
  Software and licenses     3years                                 
  Furniture and fixtures    3-5years                               
  Computer equipment        3-5years                               
                                                                   
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and
accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the
accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations
in the period realized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
operations as incurred.
Leases — Leases consist primarily of operating leases for office
facilities and finance leases for servers and networking equipment.
The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at
inception. The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components
as a single lease component and does not recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or
less. Payments under the Company's lease arrangements are primarily
fixed, however, certain lease agreements contain variable payments,
primarily including common-area maintenance, utilities, taxes or
other operating costs, which are expensed as incurred and not
included in the lease right-of-use assets and liabilities.
Operating and finance lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are
recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present
value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments consist
primarily of the fixed payments under the arrangement, less any
lease incentives. The Company generally uses an incremental
borrowing rate estimated based on the information available at the
lease commencement date or on the date of lease modification, if
applicable, to determine the present value of lease payments unless
the implicit rate is readily determinable. The Company estimates
its incremental borrowing rate based on the rate of interest it
would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with an equal
lease payment amount, over a similar term, and in a similar
economic environment. Generally, the lease term is based on non-
cancelable lease term when determining the lease assets and
liabilities. The lease terms may include periods under options to
extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that
the Company will exercise that option.
Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use
assets, operating lease liabilities, current, and operating lease
liabilities, non-current on the Company's consolidated balance
sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, net,
accrued and other current liabilities, and other non-current
liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets.
Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over
the lease terms. Finance lease assets are amortized on a straight-
line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the
assets or the lease terms.
Acquisitions —The Company applies a screen test to evaluate if
substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is
concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar
identifiable assets to determine whether a transaction is accounted
for as an asset acquisition or business combination.
For transactions accounted for as business combinations, the
Company allocates the fair value of acquisition consideration to
the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair value, with
excess recorded as goodwill. Management’s estimates of fair value
are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are
inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual
results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period,
which is one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record
adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the
corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the
measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to
earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. There
were no business combinations during the years ended December 31,
2024 or 2023.
For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost,
including certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets
acquired on the basis of relative fair values. The Company
generally includes contingent consideration in the cost of the
assets acquired only when the uncertainty is resolved. The Company
amortizes contingent consideration adjustments to the cost of the
acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line method over
the remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized
in asset acquisitions. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and
2023, the Company recognized total contingent consideration of $
12.6million and $ 52.2million, respectively, related to asset
acquisitions closed in 2021 and prior. There were no other asset
acquisitions during the periods presented.
Divestitures —The Company classifies assets as held for sale when
management commits to a formal plan to actively market the assets
at a reasonable price relative to fair value, the assets are
available for immediate sale in their current condition, an active
program to locate a buyer and complete the transaction has been
initiated, the sale is expected to be completed within one year,
with no significant changes anticipated to the plan. Once
designated as held for sale, the Company records the assets at the
lower of their carrying value or estimated fair value, less costs
to sell, ceases depreciation and amortization, and reassesses their
fair value each reporting period until disposal.
                                70                                 
Table of Contents

As part of its operational optimization initiatives within the Apps
segment, the Company sold certain non-strategic assets for $
44.0million during the year ended December 31, 2022. In connection
with these sales, the Company recorded a total loss of $
127.9million, including a $ 53.0million impairment charge for
assets classified as held for sale during 2022. There were no
material divestitures during the years ended December 31, 2024 or
2023.
Services and Development Agreements —The Company enters into
strategic agreements with third-party mobile gaming studios. The
Company has historically allowed these studios to continue their
operations with a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases,
the Company bought Apps from these studios and entered into service
and development agreements whereby these studios provide support in
improving existing Apps and developing new Apps. The majority of
payments associated with service agreements for existing Apps are
expensed to research and development when the services are rendered
as the payments primarily relate to developing enhancements for the
Apps. Payments for new Apps associated with development agreements
are generally made in connection with the development of a
particular App, and therefore, the Company is subject to
development risk prior to the release of the App. Accordingly,
payments that are due prior to completion of an App are generally
expensed to research and development over the development period as
the services are incurred.
Software Development Costs —The Company incurs development costs
related to internal-use software and Apps. Development costs meet
the criteria for capitalization once the preliminary project stage
is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed
and the software will be used to perform the function intended. S
oftware development costs that meet the capitalization criteria
were not material for any period presented.
Goodwill —The Company allocates goodwill to reporting units based
on the expected benefit from the business combination. In the event
of changes in reporting units, the Company reassigns goodwill using
a relative fair value allocation approach. The Company tests
goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual
basis during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or
changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. A
goodwill impairment is recognized for the amount that the carrying
value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair
value, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that
reporting unit. Nogoodwill impairment was recorded for any period
presented.
Intangible Assets —Intangible assets are carried at cost and
amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives. The Company determines the appropriate useful life of its
intangible assets based on their expected cash flows.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets —The Company reviews long-lived
assets that are held and used for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset or
asset group may not be recoverable. If such indicators are present,
the Company assesses the recoverability of the asset or asset group
by comparing its carrying value to the undiscounted future cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the
future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of
the asset or asset group, an impairment charge is recognized by the
amount by which the carrying value of the asset or asset group
exceeds its estimated fair value. There was noimpairment related to
long-lived assets that are held and used for any period presented.
Cost of Revenue —Cost of revenue consists primarily of payment
processing fees related to IAP Revenue, amortization of intangible
assets related to acquired technology and Apps, amortization of
finance lease right-of-use assets related to servers and networking
equipment and data center costs related primarily to third-party
cloud computing services.
Sales and Marketing —Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily
of user acquisition costs, amortization of acquired customer-
related intangible assets, and personnel-related expenses. User
acquisition costs, representing substantially all of advertising
costs, are expensed as incurred. User acquisition costs were $
521.5million, $ 539.4million, and $ 665.9million for the years
ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
Research and Development —Research and development expenses consist
primarily of personnel-related expenses and third-party costs for
development of Apps.

General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of personnel-related expenses of the Company’s
finance, accounting, legal, human resources, and other
administrative functions, third-party professional service costs,
software, facilities costs and other administrative costs.
Stock-Based Compensation —The Company measures and recognizes
stock-based compensation expense for share-based awards, primarily
including restricted stock units ("RSUs"), p erformance-based RSUs
(“PSUs”) with both service and market-based conditions, stock
options and stock purchase rights granted under the Employee Stock
Purchase Plan ("ESPP"), based on the grant-date fair value of the
awards. The Company accounts for forfeitures for all awards as they
occur.
The fair value of RSUs is based on the closing price of the
Company's Class A common stock on the grant date, with stock-based
compensation expense recognized on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period, which is generally one or four years.
The fair value of PSUs with both service and market conditions is
estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model, which
incorporates various assumptions including the expected stock price
volatility, the risk-free interest rate, the expected dividend
yield and the discount for awards subject to post-vesting
restrictions, with stock-based compensation expense recognized
using the accelerated attribution method over the derived service
period ranging from 0.5to 3.1years, regardless of whether the stock
price targets are achieved. If the stock price targets are achieved
earlier than the derived service period, the Company adjusts its
stock-based compensation expense to reflect the cumulative expense
associated with the vested awards.
                                71                                 
Table of Contents

The fair value of stock options and purchase rights granted under
the ESPP is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model,
which incorporates various assumptions including the expected term,
the expected stock price volatility, the risk-free interest rate,
and the expected dividend yield, with stock-based compensation
expense recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite
service period.
Income Taxes —The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset
and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements.
Under this method, the Company determines deferred tax assets and
liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on
deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date.
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these
assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, the Company considers all available positive and
negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable
temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-
planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If the
Company determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax
assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an
adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be
made to reduce the provision for income taxes. The Company presents
deferred tax assets and liabilities on a net basis by
jurisdictional filing group. Net deferred tax assets are included
in other assets, while net deferred tax liabilities are included in
other non-current liabilities on the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets.
The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-
step process in which determinations are made (1) whether it is
more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on
the basis of the technical merits of the position; and (2) for
those tax positions that meet the more- likely-than-not recognition
threshold, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit
that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate
settlement with a tax authority.
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to
unrecognized tax benefits on the income tax expense line in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Accrued
interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability
line in the consolidated balance sheets.
Foreign Currency Transactions —Generally, the functional currency
of the Company's international subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. In
cases where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, the
Company translates the financial statements of these subsidiaries
to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date
for assets and liabilities, and average exchange rates during the
period for revenue and expenses. The Company records translation
gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
as a component of stockholders’ equity. The Company reflects
foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the
conversion of the transaction currency to functional currency as a
component of other income (expense), net.
Comprehensive Income (Loss) —Comprehensive income (loss) is
composed of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income
(loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of foreign
currency translation adjustments.
Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
—Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to
common stockholders is computed under the two-class method required
for participating securities. The Company considers options
exercised by non-recourse promissory notes, early exercised
unvested stock options, and common stock subject to certain share
repurchase agreements to be participating securities. Under the
two-class method, the net loss attributable to common stockholders
is not allocated to participating securities as the holders of
these instruments do not have a contractual obligation to share in
the Company’s losses. Net income is attributed to common
stockholders and participating securities based on their respective
participation rights. Basic net income (loss) per share
attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net
income (loss) attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-
average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Diluted income (loss) per share attributable to common
stockholders is computed by giving effect to all potentially
dilutive securities outstanding during the period. For periods in
which the Company reports net losses, diluted net loss per share
attributable to common stockholders is the same as basic net loss
per share attributable to common stockholders, because potentially
dilutive common shares are anti-dilutive.
As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical for Class A
and Class B common stock, the undistributed earnings are allocated
on a proportional basis and the resulting basic and diluted EPS are
the same for Class A and Class B common stock on an individual or
combined basis.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted) —In November
2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting: Improvements
to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires disclosure of
incremental segment information on an annual and interim basis. The
amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2024. The amendment must be applied retrospectively,
and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this ASU in
its 2024 annual reporting. For additional information, see Note 14
- Segments and Geographic Information .
Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted) — In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes:
Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires
disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes
paid by jurisdiction. The amendments will be effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The amendments may be
applied prospectively or retrospectively, and early adoption is
permitted. The Company is
                                72                                 
Table of Contents

currently evaluating this ASU to determine its impact on the
Company's disclosures.

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement:
Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures ,
which requires disaggregated disclosures, in the notes to the
financial statements, of certain categories of expenses that are
included in expense line items on the face of the income statement.
The amendments will be effective for annual periods beginning
February 1, 2027, and interim periods beginning February 1, 2028.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
this ASU to determine its impact on the Company's disclosures.

3. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements
The following table sets forth the Company’s financial instruments
that were measured at fair value by level within the fair value
hierarchy on a recurring basis (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                   As of                           
                                   Dece…                           
                                     31,                           
                                    2024                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
          Bala…                    Level       Level        Level  
          Sheet        Total           1       2            3      
          Loca…                                                    
  Fin…                                                             
  Ass…                                                             
  Mon…    Cash                                                     
  mar…    and      $  41,454    $  41,4…    $  —         $  —      
  dep…    cash                                                     
  acc…    equi…                                                    
  Tot…                                                             
  fin…             $  41,454    $  41,4…    $  —         $  —      
  ass…                                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                   As of                           
                                  Decem…                           
                                     31,                           
                                    2023                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
          Bala…                    Level       Level       Level   
          Sheet       Total            1       2           3       
          Loca…                                                    
  Fin…                                                             
  Ass…                                                             
  Mon…    Cash                                                     
  mar…    and      $  1,352    $   1,352    $  —        $  —       
  dep…    cash                                                     
  acc…    equi…                                                    
  Tot…                                                             
  fin…             $  1,352    $   1,352    $  —        $  —       
  ass…                                                             
                                                                   
Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Net Asset Value

The Company held equity interests in certain private equity funds
of $ 77.3million and $ 56.7million as of December 31, 2024 and
2023, respectively, which are measured using the net asset value
practical expedient. Under the net asset value practical expedient,
the Company records investments based on the proportionate share of
the underlying funds’ net asset value. These investments are
included in other assets in the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets.

These funds vary in investment strategies and generally have an
initial term of 7to 10years, which may be extended for 2to
3additional years with the applicable approval. These investments
are subject to certain restrictions regarding transfers and
withdrawals and generally cannot be redeemed with the funds.
Distributions from the funds will be received as the underlying
investments are liquidated. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss
is limited to the carrying value of these investments of $
77.3million and the unfunded commitments of $ 21.5million as of
December 31, 2024.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company made total
capital contributions of $ 19.0million related to these
investments. The Company recorded an immaterial unrealized gain
related to these investments for any period presented.

Non-Marketable Equity Securities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-
Recurring Basis

The Company's non-marketable equity securities are investments in
privately held companies without readily determinable fair values.
The Company elected the measurement alternative to account for
these investments. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying
value of the non-marketable equity securities are adjusted based on
price changes from observable transactions of identical or similar
securities of the same issuer or for impairment. Any changes in
carrying value are recorded within other income, net in the
Company's consolidated statement of operations.

In February 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to invest $
50.0million in the Series C preferred stock financing of Humans,
Inc., the developer of the Flip Shop social shopping app ("Flip
Shop"), of which $ 10.0million was closed in February 2024 and the
remaining $ 40.0million was closed in April 2024. In February 2024,
the Company also entered into an arm's length commercial agreement
with Flip Shop related to its use of the Company's AXON technology
under a revenue share model.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company also acquired
certain additional non-marketable equity securities for a total of
$ 8.0million.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying amounts of the
Company's non-marketable equity securities were $ 68.1million and $
10.1million, respectively, and were included in other assets in the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets.

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

In October 2022 and March 2023, the Company entered into multiple
pay-fixed receive-variable interest rate swaps as part of its
interest rate risk management strategy in connection with the term
loans under a certain credit agreement (see Note 9 - Debt). The
Company elected to not designate the interest rate swaps as hedging
instruments for accounting purposes and recorded both realized and
unrealized gains and losses associated with the interest rate swaps
immediately through earnings in interest expense in the Company's
consolidated statement of operations. The fair value of the
outstanding interest rate swaps are determined using widely
accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow
analysis based on the expected cash
                                73                                 
Table of Contents

flows of the interest rate swaps. The Company has determined that
the significant inputs, such as interest yield curve and discount
rate, used to value its interest rate swaps fall within Level 2 of
the fair value hierarchy. All interest rate swaps were settled
during 2023 and the Company had no outstanding interest rate swaps
as of December 31, 2023. The Company recorded net gains of $
15.8million and $ 5.9million related to the interest rate swaps
during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Cash paid for or received from the settlements of the interest rate
swaps are presented in net cash provided by operating activities
and the supplemental disclosure of cash paid for interest, net in
the Company's consolidated statement of cash flows.
                                                                   
  4.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Supplemental Financial Statement Information                     
                                                                   
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                                 As of December 31,                
                                               2024          2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Finance lease               $             222,203    $  216,493  
  right-of-use assets                                              
  Leasehold improvements                     18,746        17,553  
  Software and licenses                       7,146         3,911  
  Furniture and fixtures                      3,835         4,144  
  Computer equipment                          3,341         3,236  
  Total property and                        255,271       245,337  
  equipment, gross                                                 
  Less: accumulated                         -94,741       -72,006  
  depreciation                                                     
  Total property and          $             160,530    $  173,331  
  equipment, net                                                   
                                                                   
Depreciation expenses were $ 29.4million, $ 26.4million, and $
29.3million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022,
respectively.
Accrued and other current liabilities consisted of the following
(in thousands):
                                                                   
                                 As of December 31,                
                                               2024          2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued taxes               $             280,153    $  141,854  
  Compensation and related                   64,642        48,263  
  liabilities                                                      
  Accrued expenses and                       64,597        75,139  
  other                                                            
  Total accrued and other                                          
  current                     $             409,392    $  265,256  
  liabilities                                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
  5.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Commitments and Contingencies                                    
                                                                   
Commitments —As of December 31, 2024, the Company's non-cancelable
minimum purchase commitments totaled $ 1.2billion, which consisted
primarily of a certain arrangement related to third-party cloud
computing services. In August 2024, the Company amended its
agreement with the cloud service provider. Under the amended
agreement, the Company committed to spend a minimum of $ 1.3billion
over a three-yearperiod. As of December 31, 2024, the Company had
made payments of $ 107.4million towards this commitment.

As of December 31, 2024, f uture minimum payments under these non-
cancelable purchase commitments with a remaining term in excess of
one year were as follows (in thousands):
                                                          
  2025                             $    438,856           
  2026                                           430,825  
  2027                                           294,814  
  2028                                        —           
  2029                                        —           
  Total non-cancelable purchase    $  1,164,495           
  commitments                                             
                                                          
In addition, the Company had total unfunded commitments of $
21.5million related to investments in certain private equity funds.
For additional information, see Note 3 - Financial Instruments and
Fair Value Measurements.

Contingencies —From time to time, the Company may have certain
contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of
business activities. The Company accrues a liability for such
matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made,
and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated.

Letters of Credit —As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company
had outstanding letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $
6.3million and $ 6.3million, respectively, which were issued as
security for certain leased office facilities under the Credit
Agreement. These letters of credit have never been drawn upon. For
additional information, see Note 9 - Debt.
                                74                                 
Table of Contents

Legal Proceedings —The Company is involved from time to time in
litigation, claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s
legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to
significant uncertainty.

The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has
been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is
determined that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range
of loss can be estimated, the reasonably possible loss is
disclosed. The Company evaluates developments in legal matters that
could affect the amount of liability that has been previously
accrued, and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and
makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required
to determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount of
a loss related to such matters. Losses in connection with legal
proceedings have not been material for any period presented.

The Company expenses legal fees in the period in which they are
incurred.

Indemnifications —The Company enters into indemnification
provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary
course of business, including certain customers, business partners,
investors, contractors and the Company’s officers, directors and
certain employees. It is not possible to determine the maximum
potential loss under these indemnification provisions due to the
Company’s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the
unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular
provision. To date, losses recorded in the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations in connection with the indemnification
provisions have not been material. As of December 31, 2024, the
Company did not have any material indemnification claims that were
probable or reasonably possible.

Non-income Taxes —The Company may be subject to audit by various
tax authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject
matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from different
interpretations on tax treatment and tax rates applied. The Company
accrues liabilities for non-income taxes that may result from
examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax
authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If a
loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be
estimated, the Company discloses the reasonably possible loss.
                                                                   
  6.                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Business Combinations                                            
                                                                   
Wurl—On April 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of all
of the equity interests of Wurl, Inc. ("Wurl"), a connected TV
("CTV") advertising company, for a total purchase price of $
378.2million, consisting of $ 219.3million in cash, 2,579,692shares
of the Company's Class A common stock valued at $ 137.4million and
a deferred payment of $ 22.7million, with a present value of $
21.5million at the closing of the acquisition, relating to an
indemnity holdback amount to be paid in 18months following the
transaction close date, less any eligible claims against Wurl paid
by AppLovin. The transaction allowed the Company to expand into the
connected TV market. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a
business combination. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in
connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were
$ 1.9million. During the fourth quarter of 2023, the indemnity
holdback was paid.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price
to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
(in thousands):
                                                                 
  Cash and cash equivalents                          $      400  
  Accounts receivable and other current assets           15,194  
  Intangible assets:                                             
  Customer Relationships—estimated useful life           41,000  
  of15years                                                      
  Developed Technology—estimated useful life             60,500  
  of6years                                                       
  Tradename—estimated useful life of10years              14,700  
  Goodwill                                              264,149  
  Property and equipment, net                               363  
  Other assets                                              159  
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other       -12,854  
  current liabilities                                            
  Deferred revenue                                         -209  
  Deferred income tax liability                          -5,235  
  Total purchase consideration                       $  378,167  
                                                                 
The income approach was used to determine the fair value of the
customer relationships, developed technology, and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at
the acquisition date and is primarily attributable to the assembled
workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition.
For tax purposes, no tax deductible goodwill was generated as a
result of this acquisition.
Contemporaneously with entering into the definitive agreement, the
Company also adopted a multi-year performance-based incentive plan
for certain key employees of Wurl, under which the key employees
may earn up to a total of $ 600.0million in additional shares of
the Company's Class A common stock through 2025, contingent upon
the achievement of certain revenue and other performance targets by
the acquired business and the continued employment of such key
employees between 2023 and 2025. In April 2023, the Company amended
the multi-year performance-based incentive plan into a one-year
plan for 2023, under which the Company may be obligated to issue up
to a total of $ 90.0million in additional shares of the Company's
Class A
                                75                                 
Table of Contents

common stock, contingent upon Wurl’s achievement of certain revenue
and other performance targets and the continued employment of the
key employees. For additional information, see Note 11 - Stock-
Based Compensation.

The Company’s consolidated statement of operations as of December
31, 2022, includes Wurl's revenue of $ 35.0million and pre-tax loss
of $ 11.8million for the period from the acquisition date of April
1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro
Forma Information".

MoPub—On January 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition
from Twitter, Inc. of certain assets that comprised of its MoPub
business for a total purchase price of $ 1.0billion in cash. The
acquisition allowed the Company to integrate certain product
features of the MoPub platform into MAX, the Company's own in-app
mediation platform, and migrate publishers and demand partners from
the MoPub platform to MAX. The Company accounted for the
acquisition as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred
by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including
professional fees, were $ 14.4million.

The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase
consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired (in
thousands):
                                                                  
  Intangible assets:                                              
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Advertiser Relationships—estimated useful life    $    212,700  
  of9years                                                        
  Publisher Relationships—estimated useful life          123,300  
  of9years                                                        
  Developed Technology—estimated useful life              61,800  
  of5years                                                        
  Tradename—estimated useful life of3months                   60  
  Goodwill                                               632,472  
  Total purchase consideration                      $  1,030,332  
                                                                  
The income approach was used to determine the fair value of the
advertiser relationships, publisher relationships, developed
technology and tradename. Goodwill represents the excess of the
purchase price over the preliminary fair value of identifiable
assets acquired at the acquisition date and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at
the time of the acquisition. For tax purposes, an estimated tax
deductible goodwill of $ 645.1million was generated as a result of
this acquisition. Noliabilities were assumed in the transaction.

Contemporaneously with the signing of the asset purchase agreement,
the Company entered into an agreement for Twitter, Inc. to provide
certain transitional services to facilitate the migration of
publishers and demand partners to MAX during a three-month
transitional period following the closing of the transaction (the
"TSA"). The Company accounted for the TSA as a transaction separate
from the business combination since it was negotiated primarily for
the benefit of the Company. In the first quarter of 2022, the
Company recognized total expense of $ 7.0million related to the
transitional services, which was included primarily in cost of
revenue in the Company's consolidated statement of operations.

Due to the significant integration of the MoPub business with MAX,
it was impractical to determine the impact of the acquired business
on revenue or earnings.

See Pro forma results of operations below under "Supplemental Pro
Forma Information".

Supplemental Pro Forma Information
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information below presents the
combined historical results of operations of the Company, the MoPub
Business and Wurl for the period presented as if the MoPub business
and Wurl had been acquired as of January 1, 2021 (in thousands):
                                    
                        Year Ended  
                 December 31, 2022  
 ────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue     $          2,826,090  
  Net loss    $           -184,317  
                                    
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above includes the
following adjustments to net loss in the appropriate pro forma
periods (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                                       Year Ended  
                                                December 31, 2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  An increase in amortization expense                              
  related to the                                                   
  fair value of acquired identifiable                              
  intangible                                 $             -3,512  
  assets, net of the amortization expense                          
  already                                                          
  reflected in actual historical results                           
  A decrease in expenses related to the      $              7,000  
  TSA                                                              
  A decrease in expenses related to                                
  transaction                                $             16,899  
  expenses                                                         
  A decrease in expenses related to                                
  transaction                                $              1,101  
  bonuses                                                          
  An increase due to replacement stock       $             -1,221  
  awards                                                           
  An increase in income tax provision        $             -4,654  
                                                                   
                                76                                 
Table of Contents

The unaudited supplemental pro forma information has been presented
for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of
results of operations that would have been achieved had the
acquisitions taken place on the date indicated, or of the Company's
future consolidated results of operations. The supplemental pro
forma information presented above has been derived from the
Company's historical consolidated financial statements and from the
historical accounting records of the MoPub business and Wurl.
                                                                   
  7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net                           
                                                                   
The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of
goodwill by reporting unit (in thousands):
                                                                   
                        Advertising          Apps           Total  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances as of                                                   
  December 31,       $    1,478,014    $  345,741    $  1,823,755  
  2022                                                             
  Foreign                                                          
  currency                   19,095             —          19,095  
  translation                                                      
  Balances as of                                                   
  December 31,       $    1,497,109    $  345,741    $  1,842,850  
  2023                                                             
  Foreign                                                          
  currency                  -39,424             —         -39,424  
  translation                                                      
  Balances as of                                                   
  December 31,       $    1,457,685    $  345,741    $  1,803,426  
  2024                                                             
                                                                   
Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
The Company recorded amortization expenses related to acquired
intangible assets as follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2024          2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of          $          338,380    $  382,956    $  448,462  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and                    74,248        67,190        66,173  
  marketing                                                        
  Total            $          412,628    $  450,146    $  514,635  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024, the expected future amortization expense
related to acquired intangible assets was estimated as follows (in
thousands):
                            
  2025          $  229,932  
  2026             222,617  
  2027             193,981  
  2028              93,814  
  2029              48,495  
  Thereafter       107,838  
  Total         $  896,677  
                            
                                77                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  8. Leases                                                        
                                                                   
The Company has entered into various non-cancelable operating and
finance leases primarily for its office facilities and servers and
networking equipment. These leases have remaining lease terms of
less than 1year to 7years, some of which include options to extend
the leases for up to 5years.
The components of lease costs recognized in the Company's
consolidated statements of operations were as follows (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                             Year Ended                            
                           December 31,                            
                                   2024         2023         2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Finance lease                                                    
  cost:                                                            
  Amortization                                                     
  of                $            24,308    $  22,673    $  24,064  
  right-of-use                                                     
  assets                                                           
  Interest                        9,231        7,036        2,802  
  Operating                      15,286       16,674       20,783  
  lease cost                                                       
  Variable lease                  6,190        6,329        2,691  
  cost and other                                                   
  Total lease       $            55,015    $  52,712    $  50,340  
  cost                                                             
                                                                   
Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2024 were as
follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                          Operating       Finance  
                                             Leases        Leases  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2025                                 $     16,808    $   30,481  
  2026                                       15,297        30,459  
  2027                                       12,509        30,448  
  2028                                        5,523        30,445  
  2029                                        1,204        30,402  
  Thereafter                                     70        31,898  
  Total lease payments                       51,411       184,133  
  Less: amount representing                  -3,989       -27,904  
  interest                                                         
  Present value of future lease              47,422       156,229  
  payments                                                         
  Less: current obligations under           -14,814       -22,336  
  leases                                                           
  Non-current lease obligations        $     32,608    $  133,893  
                                                                   
Supplemental balance sheet information related to lease liabilities
was as follows:
                                                                   
                     As of December                                
                                31,                                
                               2024               2023             
  Weighted-aver…                                                   
  remaining                                                        
  lease term:                                                      
  Finance leases                     6.0 years          7.0 years  
  Operating                          3.3 years          4.1 years  
  leases                                                           
  Weighted-aver…                                                   
  discount rate:                                                   
  Finance leases                5.7  %             5.6  %          
  Operating                     5.2  %             5.2  %          
  leases                                                           
                                                                   
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows
(in thousands):
                                                                   
                             Year Ended                            
                           December 31,                            
                                   2024         2023         2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash paid for                                                    
  amounts                                                          
  included in                                                      
  the                                                              
  measurement of                                                   
  lease                                                            
  liabilities:                                                     
  Operating cash                                                   
  flows for         $            16,708    $  17,147    $  22,013  
  operating                                                        
  leases                                                           
  Operating cash                                                   
  flows for         $             9,231    $   7,036    $   2,802  
  finance leases                                                   
  Financing cash                                                   
  flows for         $            20,875    $  20,170    $  24,083  
  finance leases                                                   
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024, the Company did not have any significant
lease that had not yet commenced.
                                78                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  9. Debt                                                          
                                                                   
The Company’s outstanding debt consisted of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                               As of December 31,                  
                                             2024            2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2029 Notes                $           1,000,000    $          —  
  2031 Notes                            1,000,000               —  
  2034 Notes                            1,000,000               —  
  2054 Notes                              550,000               —  
  Term loans under the                          —       2,966,250  
  Credit Agreement                                                 
  Revolving Credit                              —         185,000  
  Facility                                                         
  Total principal amount                3,550,000       3,151,250  
  Less: unamortized debt                                           
  discount and                            -41,017         -30,344  
  issuance costs                                                   
  Net carrying amount       $           3,508,983    $  3,120,906  
  Less: short-term debt                         —        -215,000  
  Long-term debt            $           3,508,983    $  2,905,906  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024, the future principal payments for the
outstanding debt were as follows (in thousands):
                                     
  2025 through 2028    $          —  
  2029                    1,000,000  
  Thereafter              2,550,000  
  Long-term debt       $  3,550,000  
                                     
Senior Notes

In December 2024, the Company issued $ 3.6billion in aggregate
principal amount of senior notes, consisting of $ 1.0billion in
aggregate principal amount of 5.125% notes due December 1, 2029
(the "2029 Notes"), $ 1.0billion in aggregate principal amount of
5.375% notes due December 1, 2031 (the "2031 Notes"), $ 1.0billion
in aggregate principal amount of 5.500% notes due December 1, 2034
(the “2034 Notes”), and $ 550.0million in aggregate principal
amount of 5.950% notes due December 1, 2054 (the "2054 Notes", and
collectively with the 2029 Notes, the 2031 Notes and 2034 Notes,
the "Senior Notes"). Interest on each series of the Senior Notes is
payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each
year, beginning on June 1, 2025.

The Senior Notes are unsecured obligations and are not guaranteed
by any of the Company's subsidiaries. The Senior Notes rank equally
with all existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated
indebtedness of the Company. The Company may redeem the Senior
Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at
specified redemption prices. In addition, upon the occurrence of
certain change of control repurchase events, the Company may be
required to repurchase the Senior Notes at a specified repurchase
price plus accrued and unpaid interest on the Senior Notes to, but
excluding, the repurchase date. The indentures governing the Senior
Notes also includes customary affirmative and negative covenants
(including covenants that limit the Company’s ability and the
ability of its restricted subsidiaries to create liens on certain
assets to secure debt, enter into sale and leaseback transactions,
and, with respect to the Company, consolidate or merge with or
into, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of
its assets, in each case subject to certain exceptions), events of
default, and other customary provisions. As of December 31, 2024,
the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants.

The Company incurred debt discount and issuance cost of $
41.3million in connection with the Senior Notes offering, which
were allocated on a pro rata basis to the 2029 Notes, 2031 Notes,
2034 Notes, and 2054 Notes. The debt discount and issuance costs
are amortized to interest expense over the contractual term of each
series of the Senior Notes under the effective interest rate
method. The effective interest rates on the 2029 Notes, 2031 Notes,
2034 Notes, and 2054 Notes, which are calculated as the contractual
interest rates adjusted for the debt discount and issuance costs,
are 5.34%, 5.56%, 5.66%, and 6.07%, respectively.

As of December 31, 2024, the total estimated fair value of the
Senior Notes was $ 3.6billion. The estimated fair value of the
Senior Notes, which the Company has classified as Level 2 financial
instruments, was determined based on quoted bid prices in an over-
the-counter market on the last trading day of the reporting period.

Credit Agreement

2024 Credit Agreement

In December 2024, concurrently with the issuance of its Senior
Notes, the Company entered into the 2024 Credit Agreement,
establishing a $ 1.0billion revolving credit facility maturing on
December 5, 2029, with the option for two one-yearextensions as
permitted under the agreement. The obligations of the Company under
the 2024 Credit Agreement are unsecured and are not guaranteed by
any of the Company's subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2024, no
amounts had been borrowed under the 2024 Credit Agreement.
                                79                                 
Table of Contents

U.S. Dollar borrowings under the 2024 Credit Agreement will bear
interest, at the Company’s option, based on either (1) a base rate
equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate then in effect, (ii) the
federal funds rate, plus 0.50% and (iii) the Term SOFR rate for a
one-month interest period plus 1.10%, in each case subject to a
1.00% floor, plus an applicable margin; or (2) the Term SOFR rate
for the applicable interest period plus 0.10%, subject to a 0%
floor, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from
0.125% to 1.000% for base rate borrowings and from 1.125% to 2.000%
for Term SOFR rate borrowings , in each case determined by the
Company’s credit ratings. Additionally, the 2024 Credit Agreement
also requires the Company to pay a commitment fee on unused
amounts, ranging from 0.100% to 0.325%, based on the Company’s
credit ratings.

The 2024 Credit Agreement includes usual and customary provisions
for unsecured revolving credit agreements of this type, including
covenants limiting, with certain exceptions, (1) incurrence of
indebtedness by the Company’s subsidiaries, (2) liens, (3)
fundamental changes and (4) sale and leaseback transactions, and
requires the Company to maintain a maximum total net debt-to-EBITDA
ratio of 3.50to 1.00 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter,
subject to a step-up to 4.00to 1.00 at the Company's option for a
certain period following certain qualified acquisitions. As of
December 31, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all
applicable covenants and ratios.

The 2024 Credit Agreement replaced the existing credit agreement,
originally entered into in August 2018 and subsequently amended
multiple times (the “2018 Credit Agreement).

2018 Credit Agreement

In August 2018, the Company entered into the 2018 Credit Agreement.
The 2018 Credit Agreement, as last amended in March 2024, provided
for a $ 1.5billion term loan maturing in October 2028, a $
2.1billion term loan maturing in August 2030, and a $ 610.0million
secured revolving credit facility. Under the 2018 Credit Agreement,
the Company may voluntarily prepay outstanding loans at any time,
subject to notice, minimum amount requirements, and customary
breakage costs, and may be required to prepay outstanding loans
under certain circumstances. Prepaid amounts under the revolving
credit facility may be re-borrowed.

The term loans and borrowings under the 2018 Credit Agreement bear
interest, at the Company’s option, based on either (1) a base rate
equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate then in effect, (ii) the
federal funds rate, plus 0.50% and (iii) the Term SOFR rate for a
one-month interest period plus 1.00%, plus an applicable margin; or
(2) the Term SOFR rate for a specified period, subject to a 0.50%
floor in the case of the term loans and a 0% floor in the case of
the revolving credit facility, plus an applicable margin. The
applicable margin with respect to the term loans was 1.50% for base
rate borrowings and 2.50% for Term SOFR rate borrowings. The
applicable margin with respect to the amounts outstanding under the
revolving credit facility ranges from 1.00% to 1.25% for base rate
borrowings, and from 2.10% to 2.35% for Term SOFR rate borrowings,
in each case determined by the Company’s senior secured net
leverage ratio. A dditionally, the 2018 Credit Agreement also
requires the Company to pay a commitment fee on unused amounts
under the revolving credit facility, ranging from 0.25% to 0.50%,
based on the Company’s senior secured net leverage ratio. As of
December 31, 2023, the interest rates for the term loans and the
borrowings under the 2018 Credit Agreement were 8.45% and 7.45%,
respectively.

The Company’s obligations under the 2018 Credit Agreement are
secured by substantially all assets of the Company and its domestic
subsidiary guarantors, with certain exclusions. The 2018 Credit
Agreement also includes covenants restricting debt, liens, business
mergers, dissolutions, investments, dividends, asset disposals, and
affiliate transactions, along with default provisions covering
payment failures, cross-defaults, change of control, judgments, and
bankruptcy. In case of default, lenders may demand immediate
repayment and enforce other remedies provided under the agreement.
The Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants at all
times.

In March 2024, the Company drew $ 418.7million from the revolving
credit facility to fund certain share repurchases and subsequently
repaid the entire outstanding amount of $ 603.7million.

Upon executing the 2024 Credit Agreement, the Company used the
proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Notes to repay the entire
remaining $ 3.5billion principal amount on both term loans under
the 2018 Credit Agreement and terminated the secured revolving
credit facility under the 2018 Credit Agreement, which had no
outstanding balance. The Company recognized a $ 27.7million loss on
extinguishment of the term loans, while the modification to the
revolving credit facility had no material impact on the Company's
consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December
31, 2024.

Interest Expense on Debt

The following table sets forth total interest expense recognized
related to the Company’s debt (in thousands):
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2024          2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Contractual                                                      
  interest          $         274,141    $  268,583    $  162,150  
  expense                                                          
  Amortization                                                     
  of debt                       5,460         8,792        10,031  
  discount and                                                     
  issuance costs                                                   
  Loss on debt                 28,375         4,337             —  
  extinguishment                                                   
  Total interest    $         307,976    $  281,712    $  172,181  
  expense                                                          
                                                                   
The table above includes interest expense related to the revolving
credit facilities of $ 7.5million, $ 6.5million, and $ 0.1million
during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022,
respectively.
                                80                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  10. Equity                                                       
                                                                   
Preferred Stock

The Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of preferred stock from time to time in one
or more series. The Company's board of directors is authorized to
determine the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the
shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or
restrictions.

Common Stock

The Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of Class A common stock, Class B common
stock, and Class C common stock (collectively referred to as the
“Common Stock”). The rights of the holders of the Common Stock are
identical, except with respect to voting and conversion.

Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per
share, each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 20votes
per share, and Class C common stock is not entitled to vote, except
as otherwise required by law. The holders of the Class B common
stock (the “Voting Agreement Parties”) have entered into a voting
agreement (the “Voting Agreement”), which provides that all shares
of Class B common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and
their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will
be voted as determined by two of Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen, and
KKR Denali Holdings L.P.(“KKR Denali”) (one of which must be Mr.
Foroughi). In the event that Mr. Chen or KKR Denali is no longer
party to the Voting Agreement, all shares of Class B common stock
subject to the Voting Agreement will be voted by the mutual
decision of the remaining parties, or, if the parties disagree, the
shares of Class B common stock will be voted by each party in their
own discretion.

One share of Class B common stock is convertible into one share of
Class A common stock voluntarily at any time by the holder, and
will convert automatically into oneshare of Class A common stock
upon (1) certain transfers or (2) the date set by the Company's
board of directors, between 61days and 180days following the date
on which (i) the Voting Agreement is terminated or (ii) Adam
Foroughi is no longer involved with the Company as a member of the
Board or as an executive officer. After the conversion or exchange
of all outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B common stock
into shares of Class A common stock, all outstanding shares of
Class C common stock will automatically convert into Class A common
stock on a one-for-one basis at the date or time determined by a
majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, voting
as a separate class.

In 2024, KKR Denali, who previously owned more than 10% of the
Company's voting interests, converted its remaining shares of Class
B common stock into Class A common stock and subsequently sold all
such shares. As a result, as of December 31, 2024, KKR Denali was
no longer a party to the Voting Agreement. See Note 16 - Related
Party Transactions for additional information.

Stock Repurchase Program

In February 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized a
stock repurchase program for the Company's Class A common stock. As
of December 31, 2023, $ 2.2million remained available for
repurchases under the program. During 2024, the Company repurchased
and retired 16,081,408shares of Class A common stock for a total
cost of $ 981.3million, including commissions and fees, and the
board authorized an additional $ 3.3billion for repurchases under
the program. As of December 31, 2024, $ 2.3billion remained
available for repurchases under the program.

Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market
purchases or through privately negotiated transactions, subject to
market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant
factors. Open market repurchases may be structured to occur in
accordance with the requirements of Rule 10b-18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). The Company
may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b-5 trading plans,
to facilitate repurchases of shares. The repurchase program does
not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Class
A common stock, has no expiration date and may be modified,
suspended, or terminated at any time at the Company's discretion.

The Company retires its Class A common stock upon repurchases, and
records the excess of repurchase price over par value for shares
repurchased to retained earnings to the extent the Company has
retained earnings. If the Company has an accumulated deficit, the
Company records the excess of repurchase price over par value for
shares repurchased first to additional paid-in capital, to the
extent the Company has additional paid-in capital, until depleted,
and then to accumulated deficit in the Company’s consolidated
statements of redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders’
equity.
                                                                   
  11. Stock-based Compensation                                     
                                                                   
2011 Equity Incentive Plan

The Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2011 Plan") provides
for the grant of incentive stock options ("ISOs"), nonstatutory
stock options ("NSOs"), RSUs, stock appreciation rights ("SARs")
and restricted stock to the Company's employees, directors and
consultants. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the 2021
Plan, the 2011 Plan was terminated, and no further awards were
granted thereunder. All outstanding awards under the 2011 Plan
continue to be governed by their existing terms.

2021 Equity Incentive Plan

The 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”) provides for the
grant of ISOs, NSOs, restricted stock, RSUs, SARs,
                                81                                 
Table of Contents

performance units and performance shares to the Company’s
employees, directors and consultants. A total of 39,000,000shares
of the Company’s Class A common stock were initially reserved for
issuance under the 2021 Plan. In addition, the shares reserved for
issuance under the 2021 Plan include any shares subject to awards
granted under the 2011 Plan in the case of certain occurrences,
such as expirations, terminations, exercise and tax-related
withholding, or failures to vest. The number of shares available
for issuance under the 2021 Plan also include an annual increase of
shares, equal to the least of (a) 39,000,000shares, (b) five
percent ( 5%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of the
Company’s common stock as of the last day of the immediately
preceding fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as the Company’s
board of directors may determine. In 2022, the Company's board of
directors decreased the number of shares of Class A common stock
reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan by 2,000,000shares. As of
December 31, 2024, there were 68,922,661shares available for future
issuance under the 2021 Plan.

2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan

The 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan (the “2021 Partner Plan”)
provides for the grant of NSOs, restricted stock, RSUs, SARs,
performance units, and performance shares to individuals or
entities engaged by the Company to render bona fide services. A
total of 390,000shares of the Company’s Class A common stock were
initially reserved for issuance pursuant to the 2021 Partner Plan.
In 2022, the Company's board of directors reserved an additional
2,000,000shares of Class A common stock for future issuance under
the 2021 Partner Plan. As of December 31, 2024, there were
1,550,986shares available for future issuance under the 2021
Partner Plan.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The ESPP permits participants to purchase shares of the Company’s
Class A common stock through contributions of up to 15% of their
eligible compensation. The ESPP provides for consecutive,
overlapping 24-monthoffering periods, during which the contributed
amount by the participant will be used to purchase shares of the
Company’s Class A common stock at the end of each 6-monthpurchase
period with the purchase price of the shares being 85% of the lower
of the fair market value of the Company’s Class A common stock on
the first day of an offering period or on the exercise date. The
ESPP has an automatic reset feature, whereby the offering period
resets if the fair value of the Company’s common stock on a
purchase date is less than that on the original offering date. No
participant may purchase, in any one purchase period, more than
590shares of Class A common stock, or 3,500shares of Class A common
stock for offering periods commencing on or after May 20, 2023.
Participants may end their participation at any time during an
offering and will be paid their accrued contributions that have not
yet been used to purchase shares. Participation ends automatically
upon termination of employment with the Company.

A total of 7,800,000shares of the Company’s Class A common stock
were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of
shares available for issuance under the ESPP also include an annual
increase of shares, equal to the least of: (a) 7,800,000shares, (b)
one percent ( 1%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of the
Company’s common stock as of the last day of the immediately
preceding fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as the Company’s
board of directors may determine. As of December 31, 2024, there
were 17,582,902shares available for future issuance under the ESPP.

RSUs
A summary of the RSU activities for the year ended December 31,
2024 is as follows:
                                                                   
                            Number of            Weighted-Average  
                           Restricted       Grant-Date Fair Value  
                          Stock Units                 (per share)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances as of            9,209,309    $                  41.14  
  December 31, 2023                                                
  Granted                   1,017,237    $                 105.09  
  Vested                   -7,214,595    $                  39.59  
  Forfeited                  -861,930    $                  46.85  
  Balances as of            2,150,021    $                  74.34  
  December 31, 2024                                                
                                                                   
The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was $ 25.11and $ 23.08,
respectively. The total fair value of RSUs vested as of the vesting
dates during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was
$ 844.2million, $ 403.1million, and $ 88.0million, respectively.

PSUs

In March 2023, the Company granted 6,902,000PSUs under the 2021
Plan to each of Adam Foroughi, its CEO and Chairperson, and Vasily
Shikin, its CTO. In April 2023, the Company granted an additional
3,451,000PSUs to certain non-executive employees under the same
plan. These PSUs, divided into fivetranches, vest upon achieving
stock price targets ranging from $ 36.00to $ 79.00, based on the
minimum closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock over
any 30consecutive trading days during a five-yearperformance period
from the respective grant date, subject to continued employment
through the applicable vesting date. In the event of a change in
control, unvested PSUs may vest a pro-rata amount if the
transaction price falls between two stock price targets that have
not previously been achieved, subject to continued employment
through the date prior to the transaction. For Mr. Foroughi and Mr.
Shikin, PSUs may continue to vest for up to one year post-
employment if certain conditions are met.

In November 2024, the Company granted 348,327PSUs under the 2021
Plan to certain non-executive employees. These
                                82                                 
Table of Contents

PSUs, divided into 3tranches, vest upon achieving stock price
targets ranging from $ 184.35to $ 294.96, based on the minimum
closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock over any
30consecutive trading days during a 2.5-yearperformance period from
the grant date, subject to continued employment through the
applicable vesting date.
A summary of the PSU activities for the year ended December 31,
2024 is as follows:
                                                                   
                                                 Weighted-Average  
                               Number of          Grant-Date Fair  
                             Performance                    Value  
                             Stock Units              (per share)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances as of              13,804,000    $                7.20  
  December 31, 2023                                                
  Granted                        348,327    $              103.76  
  Vested                     -13,841,737    $                9.26  
  Forfeited                     -310,590    $                7.90  
  Balances as of                       —    $                   —  
  December 31, 2024                                                
                                                                   
The weighted-average grant-date fair value of PSUs granted during
the year ended December 31, 2023 was $ 7.20. The total fair value
of PSUs vested as of the vesting dates during the years ended
December 31, 2024 and 2023 was $ 1.3billion and $ 132.7million,
respectively.
The following assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of
PSUs:
                                                                   
                            Year Ended                             
                          December 31,                             
                                  2024             2023            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Stock price on                                                   
  the date of                           $159.11    $12.41- $16.43  
  grant                                                            
  Expected                       64.72        %    73.76% -73.95%  
  volatility                                                       
  Risk-free                       4.05        %    3.58% -3.60%    
  interest rate                                                    
  Discount for                                                     
  lack of                        15.29        %    20.43% -20.65%  
  marketability                                                    
  Dividend yield                             0%    0%              
                                                                   
Stock Options
A summary of the stock option activities for the year ended
December 31, 2024 is as follows:
                                                                   
                                                 Weighted-A…       
                                 Weighted-Av…    Remaining         
                                     Exercise    Contractual       
                 Number of              Price    Term              
                   Options        (per share)    (in years)        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances                                                         
  as of          9,814,632    $          6.11                 5.8  
  December                                                         
  31, 2023                                                         
  Exercised     -6,044,258    $          5.76                      
  Forfeited        -23,222    $         17.63                      
  Balances                                                         
  as of          3,747,152    $          6.60                 4.9  
  December                                                         
  31, 2024                                                         
  Vested and                                                       
  exercisab…                                                       
  as of          3,746,502    $          6.60                 4.9  
  December                                                         
  31, 2024                                                         
  Vested and                                                       
  expected                                                         
  to vest as     3,747,152    $          6.60                 4.9  
  of                                                               
  December                                                         
  31, 2024                                                         
                                                                   
The fair value of stock options granted during the year ended
December 31, 2023 was not material and nostock options were granted
during the years ended December 31, 2024 or 2022. The total
intrinsic value of share options exercised during the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $ 671.2million, $
60.1million, and $ 87.5million, respectively. The aggregate
intrinsic value of stock options outstanding as of December 31,
2024 was $ 1.2billion.

ESPP

The stock-based compensation expenses recognized for the ESPP were
not material during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, or
2022. During the year ended December 31, 2024, 418,893shares of
Class A common stock were purchased under the ESPP at a weighted-
average price of $ 16.63per share.
                                83                                 
Table of Contents

Stock-based Compensation Expense
Stock-based compensation included in the Company's consolidated
statements of operations was as follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2024          2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of           $           5,499    $    5,229    $    6,307  
  revenue                                                          
  Sales and                    83,435        79,879        41,533  
  marketing                                                        
  Research and                239,902       230,806        94,319  
  development                                                      
  General and                  47,619        47,193        49,453  
  administrative                                                   
  Total                                                            
  stock-based       $         376,455    $  363,107    $  191,612  
  compensation                                                     
  expense                                                          
                                                                   
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recorded $
15.7million in stock-based compensation expense for a performance-
based incentive plan for certain employees of Wurl. The plan was
initially recorded in accrued and other current liabilities on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets as the monetary value of the
obligation under each potential outcome of the performance
condition was predominantly based on a fixed monetary amount known
at inception to be settled in a variable number of shares. In
February 2024, the Company settled the liability by issuing
346,836shares of the Company's Class A common stock and paying $
2.1million in cash. For additional information, see Note 6 -
Business Combinations.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded $
7.1million in stock-based compensation expense for certain cash-
settled awards, whose value was based in part on the price of its
Class A common stock. As of December 31, 2024, these awards were
vested and included in accrued and other current liabilities on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets.

As of December 31, 2024, the total unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense was $ 145.6million, which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.92years. For the
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company
recognized net income tax benefit (deficiency) related to stock-
based compensation of $ 203.7million, $ 34.3million, and $( 10.9)
million, respectively.
                                84                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  12. Net Income (Loss) Per Share                                  
                                                                   
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted
net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders for
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 (in thousands,
except share and per share data):
                                                                   
                    Year Ended                                     
                      December                                     
                           31,                                     
                          2024              2023             2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic EPS                                                        
  Numerator:                                                       
  Net income    $    1,579,776    $      356,711    $    -192,746  
  (loss)                                                           
  Less:                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to options                                                       
  exercises             -1,508            -1,412                —  
  by                                                               
  promissory                                                       
  notes                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to                                                               
  unvested                  -2               -23                —  
  early                                                            
  exercised                                                        
  options                                                          
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to common                                                        
  stock                 -1,207              -334                —  
  subject to                                                       
  share                                                            
  repurchase                                                       
  agreements                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…    $    1,577,059    $      354,942    $    -192,746  
  to common                                                        
  stockhold…                                                       
  Denominat…                                                       
  Weighted-…                                                       
  shares                                                           
  used in                                                          
  computing        336,921,483       351,952,187       371,568,0…  
  net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share—Bas…                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share         $         4.68    $         1.01    $       -0.52  
  attributa…                                                       
  to common                                                        
  stockhold…                                                       
  Diluted                                                          
  EPS                                                              
  Numerator:                                                       
  Net income    $    1,579,776    $      356,711    $    -192,746  
  (loss)                                                           
  Less:                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to options                                                       
  exercises             -1,461            -1,371                —  
  by                                                               
  promissory                                                       
  notes                                                            
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to                                                               
  unvested                  -2               -23                —  
  early                                                            
  exercised                                                        
  options                                                          
  Income                                                           
  attributa…                                                       
  to common                                                        
  stock                 -1,169              -324                —  
  subject to                                                       
  share                                                            
  repurchase                                                       
  agreements                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss)                                                           
  attributa…    $    1,577,144    $      354,993    $    -192,746  
  to common                                                        
  stockhold…                                                       
  Denominat…                                                       
  Weighted-…                                                       
  shares                                                           
  used in                                                          
  computing        336,921,483       351,952,187       371,568,0…  
  net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share—Bas…                                                       
  Weighted-…                                                       
  dilutive                                                         
  share-bas…        10,886,072        10,637,059                —  
  awards and                                                       
  warrants                                                         
  Weighted-…                                                       
  shares                                                           
  used in                                                          
  computing        347,807,555       362,589,246       371,568,0…  
  net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share—Dil…                                                       
  Net income                                                       
  (loss) per                                                       
  share         $         4.53    $         0.98    $       -0.52  
  attributa…                                                       
  to common                                                        
  stockhold…                                                       
                                                                   
The following table presents the forms of antidilutive potential
common shares:
                                                                   
                        As of December                             
                                   31,                             
                                  2024         2023          2022  
  Stock options                                                    
  exercised for                 85,000    1,399,999     1,399,999  
  promissory                                                       
  notes                                                            
  Early exercised                    —        3,147        99,372  
  stock options                                                    
  Stock options                      —      115,229    11,315,805  
  Unvested RSUs                  2,034    3,340,992    15,616,743  
  ESPP                          49,488        1,917       856,811  
  Total                                                            
  antidilutive                                                     
  potential                    136,522    4,861,284    29,288,730  
  common                                                           
  shares                                                           
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2023, the table above excludes any unvested PSUs
since the related market conditions had not yet been met.
                                85                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  13. Income Taxes                                                 
                                                                   
Net income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December
31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, included the following components (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                          Year Ended                               
                        December 31,                               
                                2024          2023           2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  U.S.             $         125,402    $   14,911    $     8,660  
  Foreign                  1,450,603       365,659       -213,837  
  Net income                                                       
  (loss) before    $       1,576,005    $  380,570    $  -205,177  
  income taxes                                                     
                                                                   
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 consisted of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                   
                          Year Ended                               
                        December 31,                               
                                2024          2023           2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current:                                                         
  Federal          $          19,832    $   46,515    $    74,843  
  State                       11,426        12,407         13,548  
  Foreign                    161,046        47,309          1,548  
  Total current              192,304       106,231         89,939  
  Deferred:                                                        
  Federal                   -151,309       -65,476        -74,588  
  State                      -19,424        -6,454         -6,718  
  Foreign                    -25,342       -10,442        -20,863  
  Total                     -196,075       -82,372       -102,169  
  deferred                                                         
  Total                                                            
  provision for                                                    
  (benefit         $          -3,771    $   23,859    $   -12,230  
  from)                                                            
  income taxes                                                     
                                                                   
The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to the
effective income tax rate is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
                           Year Ended                              
                         December 31,                              
                                 2024          2023          2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax provision                                                    
  (benefit) at      $         330,961    $   79,920    $  -43,034  
  U.S. federal                                                     
  statutory rate                                                   
  State income                                                     
  taxes, net of               -30,296        -5,259        -1,356  
  federal                                                          
  benefit                                                          
  Foreign income                                                   
  taxed at                   -162,402       -39,171        27,114  
  different                                                        
  rates                                                            
  Global                                                           
  intangible                   54,118        19,417         2,917  
  low-taxed                                                        
  income                                                           
  Stock-based                -176,670        -3,793        22,064  
  compensation                                                     
  Capital loss                      —        -2,121       -14,687  
  Foreign-deriv…                                                   
  intangible                   -9,743       -20,569       -17,667  
  income                                                           
  Research and                                                     
  development                 -56,666       -25,128       -11,803  
  credits                                                          
  Foreign income                 -305           919           357  
  inclusion                                                        
  Change in                                                        
  valuation                    42,623        15,182        21,061  
  allowance                                                        
  Return to                     2,942         3,223        -1,323  
  Provision                                                        
  Other                         1,668         1,239         4,127  
  Total                                                            
  provision for     $          -3,771    $   23,859    $  -12,230  
  (benefit from)                                                   
  income taxes                                                     
                                                                   
The Company operates in jurisdictions outside of the US, such as
Singapore, where it has tax incentive arrangements. The Company's
qualifying income earned in Singapore is taxed at reduced rates,
subject to its compliance with the conditions specified in these
incentives and legislative developments. These Singapore tax
incentives are expected to expire in June 2028 which the Company
can affirmatively elect to renew. Before taking into consideration
the effects of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other indirect
tax impacts, the effect of these tax incentives and tax holiday
decreased the provision for income taxes by approximately $
135.4million ($ 0.39per diluted share) and $ 38.0million ($ 0.11per
diluted share) for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively.
                                86                                 
Table of Contents
The following summarizes the current and deferred tax assets and
liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                 As of December 31,                
  Deferred tax assets:                         2024          2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued expenses and        $              13,506    $   12,558  
  reserves                                                         
  Stock-based compensation                   10,124        11,169  
  Tax credit carryforwards                   99,314        22,896  
  Net operating loss                         45,463        24,817  
  Identified intangibles                     46,851        24,284  
  Operating lease                            10,137        10,201  
  liability                                                        
  Other comprehensive                        37,997        24,540  
  income                                                           
  Foreign tax deduction                       1,900         7,560  
  Capital loss                               18,198        17,688  
  Capitalized R&D expenses                  268,918       142,386  
  Valuation allowance                       -98,444       -55,822  
  Total deferred tax                        453,964       242,277  
  assets                                                           
  Deferred tax                                                     
  liabilities:                                                     
  Depreciation and                             -324        -1,587  
  amortization                                                     
  Operating lease                            -7,798        -6,808  
  right-of-use assets                                              
  Other                                      -9,529        -6,909  
  Total deferred tax                        -17,651       -15,304  
  liabilities                                                      
  Net deferred tax assets     $             436,313    $  226,973  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had federal net
operating loss carryforwards of $ 2.8million and $ 8.5million on a
return basis, respectively, to reduce future taxable income. The
post-2017 Tax Act net operating losses are not subject to
expiration.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had federal tax
credit carryforwards of $ 67.7million and $ 5.1million on a return
basis, respectively, to offset future tax liability. The credit
carryforwards will begin to expire in 2035.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had federal capital
loss carryforwards of $ 78.1million and $ 77.1million on a return
basis, respectively, to reduce future capital gains. The capital
loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2027.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had California net
operating loss carryforwards of $ 12.4million and $ 3.6million on a
return basis, respectively, to reduce future taxable income. The
net operating losses will begin to expire in 2039.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had California tax
credit carryforwards of $ 63.0million and $ 33.3million on a return
basis, respectively, to offset future tax liability. The credit
carryforwards are not subject to expiration.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had other state net
operating loss carryforwards of $ 74.1million and $ 26.6million on
a return basis, respectively, to reduce future taxable income. The
net operating losses will begin to expire in 2038.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had Texas tax credit
carryforwards of $ 1.2million and $ 0.5million on a return basis,
respectively, to offset future tax liability. The credit
carryforwards will begin to expire in 2043.

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had foreign net
operating loss carryforwards of $ 255.5million and $ 140.5million
on a return basis, respectively, to reduce future taxable income.
The foreign net operating losses will begin to expire in 2027.

The valuation allowance on the Company's net deferred tax assets
increased by $ 42.6million, $ 15.2million and $ 21.8million during
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

In assessing the realizability of the Company’s deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not
that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
Management’s assessment is based on the weight of available
evidence, including cumulative losses since inception and expected
future losses and as such, management believes it is more likely
than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. As of
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company maintained a
valuation allowance with respect to certain of its deferred tax
assets relating primarily to certain state tax credits, U.S.
capital losses and operating losses in certain non-U.S.
jurisdictions that we believe are not likely to be realized, due to
generating more credits and losses than can be utilized.

Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 382 places a limitation on the
amount of taxable income that can be offset by net operating loss
carryforwards and tax credits after a greater than 50% change in
control in ownership; California has similar rules. The Company’s
capitalization described herein may have resulted in such a change.
Utilization of the net operating loss
                                87                                 
Table of Contents

carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations under IRC
Section 382 and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may
result in the expiration of the net operating loss carryforwards
before utilization.

The Company has not provided U.S. income or foreign withholding
taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as
of December 31, 2024 and 2023, because it intends to permanently
reinvest such earnings outside of the U.S., except for Singapore.
If these foreign earnings were to be repatriated in the future, the
related U.S. tax liability will be immaterial, due to the
participation exemption put in place in the 2017 Tax Act.

Uncertain Tax Positions
The following table summarizes the activity related to the gross
unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands):
                                                                   
                             Year Ended                            
                           December 31,                            
                                   2024         2023         2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance at                                                       
  beginning of      $            35,880    $  19,052    $  18,456  
  year                                                             
  Increases                                                        
  related to                      4,393        3,522            —  
  prior year                                                       
  positions                                                        
  Decreases                                                        
  related to                     -2,183            —       -2,837  
  prior year                                                       
  positions                                                        
  Increases                                                        
  related to                     25,921       13,548        7,083  
  current year                                                     
  positions                                                        
  Decreases                                                        
  related to                     -2,797         -242         -758  
  lapse of                                                         
  statutes                                                         
  Decreases                                                        
  related to                       -309            —       -2,892  
  settlements                                                      
  Balance at end    $            60,905    $  35,880    $  19,052  
  of year                                                          
                                                                   
Of the unrecognized tax benefits, $ 51.1million and $ 23.9million
represents the amount that if recognized, would favorably affect
the effective income tax rate in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The
Company does not expect a significant change to its unrecognized
tax benefits or recorded liabilities over the next twelve months.
The unrecognized tax benefits may increase or change during the
next year for items that arise in the ordinary course of business.

The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2024, 2023,
and 2022, the Company had approximately $ 8.3million, $ 4.0million,
and $ 2.6million of interest and penalties, respectively.

The tax returns for years 2017 through 2023 remain open to
examination for federal and other major domestic taxing
jurisdictions and for years 2018 through 2023 for other major
foreign jurisdictions.
                                                                   
  14. Segments and Geographic Information                          
                                                                   
The Company determines its operating segments based on how its CODM
manages the business, allocates resources, makes operating
decisions and evaluates operating performance. The Company’s CODM
is the Chief Executive Officer.

The Company's twooperating and reportable segments are as follows:

• Advertising : Revenue is generated primarily from fees paid by
advertisers for the placement of ads on mobile applications owned
by Publishers.

• Apps : Revenue is generated when a user of one of the Apps makes
an in-app purchase ("IAP Revenue") and when clients purchase the
digital advertising inventory of the Company's portfolio of Apps
("IAA Revenue").

The CODM evaluates the performance of each operating segment using
revenue and segment Adjusted EBITDA. The Company defines segment
Adjusted EBITDA as revenue less expenses, excluding depreciation
and amortization and certain items that the Company does not
believe are reflective of the operating segments’ core operations.
Expenses include indirect costs that are allocated to operating
segments based on a reasonable allocation methodology, which are
generally related to sales and marketing activities and general and
administrative overhead. Revenue and expenses exclude transactions
between the Company's operating segments.

The CODM uses segment Adjusted EBITDA to allocate resources during
the annual budgeting and forecasting process. The CODM considers
segment Adjusted EBITDA when making decisions on operating and
capital resource allocation. Additionally, the CODM uses segment
Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate operating strategy and assess segment
performance by comparing the results of each segment.

The CODM does not evaluate operating segments using asset
information, and, accordingly, the Company does not report asset
information by segment.
                                88                                 
Table of Contents
The following tables provide information about the Company's
reportable segments and a reconciliation of the total segment
Adjusted EBITDA to consolidated income (loss) before income taxes
(in thousands):
                                                                   
                       Year Ended                                  
                     December 31,                                  
                             2024            2023            2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Advertising:                                                     
  Revenue         $     3,224,058    $  1,841,762    $  1,049,167  
  Less:                                                            
  Data center            -392,498        -251,197        -201,718  
  costs                                                            
  Personnel                                                        
  related                -242,134        -208,878        -162,327  
  expenses                                                         
  Publisher                     —               —         209,635  
  bonuses1                                                         
  Other                  -146,830        -105,982         -86,341  
  expenses2                                                        
  Advertising                                                      
  Adjusted              2,442,597       1,275,705         808,415  
  EBITDA                                                           
  Apps:                                                            
  Revenue         $     1,485,190    $  1,441,325    $  1,767,891  
  Less:                                                            
  User                                                             
  acquisition            -521,516        -539,444        -666,128  
  costs                                                            
  Payment                                                          
  processing             -287,891        -295,613        -345,573  
  fees                                                             
  Professional                                                     
  services               -260,278        -236,229        -320,282  
  costs                                                            
  Other                  -138,497        -143,086        -181,113  
  expenses3                                                        
  Apps                                                             
  Adjusted                277,008         226,953         254,795  
  EBITDA                                                           
  Total                                                            
  Segment         $     2,719,605    $  1,502,658    $  1,063,210  
  Adjusted                                                         
  EBITDA                                                           
  Interest                                                         
  expense and                                                      
  loss on         $      -318,260    $   -275,665    $   -171,863  
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other                    25,440           7,831          18,647  
  income, net                                                      
  Amortizatio…                                                     
  depreciation           -448,680        -489,008        -547,084  
  and                                                              
  write-offs                                                       
  Loss on                                                          
  disposal of              -1,646               —        -127,892  
  long-lived                                                       
  assets                                                           
  Non-operati…                                                     
  foreign                                                          
  exchange                   -291           1,224             164  
  gain                                                             
  (loss)                                                           
  Stock-based            -376,455        -363,107        -191,612  
  compensation                                                     
  Acquisition…                                                     
  expense and                -885          -1,047         -21,279  
  transaction                                                      
  bonus                                                            
  Publisher                     —               —        -209,635  
  bonuses                                                          
  MoPub                                                            
  acquisition                   —               —          -6,999  
  transition                                                       
  services                                                         
  Restructuri…            -22,823          -2,316         -10,834  
  costs                                                            
  Income                                                           
  (loss)          $     1,576,005    $    380,570    $   -205,177  
  before                                                           
  income taxes                                                     
                                                                   
1 In connection with the MoPub acquisition, the Company incurred
certain one-time, non-recoupable costs to incentivize publishers to
migrate to its MAX mediation solution. As these costs were not
historically significant nor expected to be in the future, the
Company excluded their impact from the Advertising Adjusted EBITDA.
2 Other segment items for the Advertising reportable segment
include professional services costs, facilities costs, advertising
costs, software costs, and other individually insignificant costs.
3 Other segment items for the Apps reportable segment include
personnel related expenses, data center costs, facilities costs,
software costs, and other individually insignificant costs.
The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area
which consist of property and equipment, net (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                 As of December 31,                
                                               2024          2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States               $              44,641    $   47,612  
  Germany                                    74,533        79,863  
  Netherlands                                40,215        45,307  
  All other countries                         1,141           549  
  Total property and          $             160,530    $  173,331  
  equipment, net                                                   
                                                                   
For information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see
Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.
                                89                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  15. Restructuring                                                
                                                                   
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company implemented
certain workforce reduction measures, resulting in restructuring
chargesof $ 20.2million for the Advertising segment and $
5.7million for the Apps segment. These charges consisted primarily
of one-time termination benefits. As of December 31, 2024, $
6.9million remained unpaid and was included in accrued and other
current liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company implemented
certain workforce reduction measures and recorded a total
restructuring charge of $ 10.8million comprising primarily of one-
time termination benefits, which had been paid in full prior to
2024.
                                                                   
  16. Related Party Transactions                                   
                                                                   
Stock Repurchase Transactions

In February 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting
agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) with KKR Denali, and BofA
Securities, Inc., acting for themselves and as representative of
other underwriters (collectively, the “Underwriters”), in
connection with a secondary public offering (the “Offering”) of
19,866,397shares of the Company's Class A common stock by KKR
Denali. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, on March 6, 2024,
the Company repurchased from the Underwriters 10,466,397shares of
Class A common stock sold to the Underwriters by KKR Denali in the
Offering at a price per share of $ 54.46, the same per share price
paid by the Underwriters to KKR Denali in the Offering.

In August 2023, the Company repurchased 15,000,000shares of its
Class A common stock from KKR Denali in a private transaction at a
price per share equal to $ 36.85, for an aggregate purchase price
of $ 552.8million under the Company's stock repurchase program.

In May 2023, the Company repurchased 15,952,381shares of its Class
A common stock from KKR Denali in a private transaction at a price
per share equal to $ 21.00, for an aggregate purchase price of $
335.0million under the Company's stock repurchase program.

Credit Agreement

KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR Denali, served as a
joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner for the 2018 Credit
Agreement. In 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company paid fees of $
0.1million, $ 1.2million, and nil, respectively, to KKR Capital
Markets LLC in connection with amendments to the 2018 Credit
Agreement. Additionally, KKR Corporate Lending (CA) LLC, an
affiliate of KKR Denali, provided revolving credit commitments
totaling $ 15.0million under the 2018 Credit Agreement. The 2018
Credit Agreement was terminated in December 2024. See Note 9 – Debt
for additional information.

Other Transactions

Herald Chen, the Company’s former President and Chief Financial
Officer and a current member of its board of directors, served as
an advisor to the Chief Executive Officer for a one-yearterm
beginning on January 1, 2024. In connection with this role, Mr.
Chen received an award of 62,418RSUs with a grant-date fair value
of $ 43.79per share.

In February 2024, the Company entered into certain investment and
arm's length commercial agreements with Humans, Inc. See Note 3 -
Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements for additional
information. Eduardo Vivas, a member the Company's board of
directors, serves as the Chief Operating Officer of Humans, Inc.,
and a member of its board of directors.

In March 2019, the Company entered into a promissory note with
Rafael Vivas, the brother of Eduardo Vivas, a member of the
Company's board of directors, for the purpose of advancing him
funds to allow him to early exercise his stock options (“Vivas
Note”). The Vivas Note was issued in the amount of $ 2.3million at
an interest rate of 2.59%, and later amended on August 7, 2020 to
lower the interest rate on the outstanding balance of such note to
the then applicable IRS annual mid-term rate of 0.41%. In March
2024, the principal amount due under the Vivas Note plus accrued
interest, or $ 2.3million, was repaid in full to the Company and
the Vivas Note was extinguished.

The Company had no other material related party transactions in
2024, 2023, or 2022.
                                                                   
  17. Subsequent Events                                            
                                                                   
On February 12, 2025, the Company announced that it had entered
into a term sheet for the sale of the Company’s mobile gaming
business to a privately held company (the “Acquirer”) for total
consideration of $ 900.0million (the “Term Sheet”). The Term Sheet
provides for the total consideration to consist of $ 400.0million
in shares of the Acquirer’s common equity and $ 500.0million in
cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. The Term
Sheet also provides that the Acquirer will borrow up to $
250.0million of the cash portion of the total consideration and
that, if the Acquirer is unable to obtain such financing, the
Company agrees to provide financing in such amount to the Acquirer
through the issuance of a promissory note. The Term Sheet is non-
binding, except with respect to an agreement by the parties to use
commercially reasonable best efforts in good faith to negotiate and
finalize definitive agreements for the proposed transaction, a
prohibition on the Company from engaging in discussions or
negotiations with any third party other than the Acquirer regarding
the sale of the Company’s mobile gaming business for a specified
period, and customary terms such as fees and expenses, governing
law, and termination.
                                90                                 
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on       │
│  Accounting and Financial Disclosure                            │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures                               │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                 
                                                                   
Our management, with the participation and supervision of our
principal executive officer and our principal financial officer,
has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded
that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2024.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles.

Our management, with the participation and supervision of our
principal executive officer and our principal financial officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2024 based on the framework in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2024.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2024 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP,
an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in
their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting identified in management’s evaluation pursuant to Rules
13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the quarter
ended December 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures

Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of
achieving their desired objectives. Management does not expect,
however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our
internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect
all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions, and can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its
objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud
will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud,
if any, within our company have been detected.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 9B. Other Information                                     │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers

On December 6, 2024, Matthew Stumpf, our Chief Financial Officer,
entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading planproviding for the potential
sale of the net shares (after withholding taxes) of our Class A
common stock issuable upon vesting and settlement of 56,058RSUs
granted to Mr. Stumpf prior to the adoption of the trading plan.
The trading plan is scheduled to be effective until November 25,
2025, or earlier if all transactions under the trading plan are
completed. The trading plan is intended to satisfy the affirmative
defense in Rule 10b5-1(c).
On December 6, 2024, Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Legal Officer,
entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading planproviding for the potential
sale of the net shares (after withholding taxes) of our Class A
common stock issuable upon vesting and settlement of 57,207RSUs
granted to Ms. Valenzuela prior to the adoption of the trading
plan. The trading plan is scheduled to be effective until December
5, 2025, or earlier if all transactions under the trading plan are
completed. The trading plan is intended to satisfy the affirmative
defense in Rule 10b5-1(c).
On December 9, 2024, Vasily Shikin, our Chief Technology Officer,
entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading planproviding for the potential
sale of up to 120,000shares of our Class A Common Stock held by Mr.
Shikin and up to 210,000shares of our Class A common stock from
certain affiliated trusts. The trading plan is scheduled to be
effective until November 25, 2025, or earlier if all transactions
under the trading plan are completed. The trading plan is intended
to satisfy the affirmative defense in Rule 10b5-1(c).
On November 20, 2024, Alyssa Harvey Dawson, a member of our Board,
terminateda Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which was previously adopted
on March 14, 2024 and intended to satisfy the affirmative defense
in Rule 10b5-1(c). The terminated trading plan provided for the
potential sale of up to an aggregate of 8,871shares of our Class A
common stock held by Ms. Harvey Dawson and was scheduled to be
effective until May 31, 2025, or earlier if all transactions under
the trading plan were completed.
                                91                                 
Table of Contents

No other directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f),
adoptedor terminateda Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation
S-K) during the quarterly period covered by this report.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that       │
│  Prevent Inspections                                            │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
                                92                                 
Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                 ║
║                            Part III                             ║
║                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate           │
│  Governance                                                     │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the definitive proxy statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC, no later than 120
days after December 31, 2024 (the “Proxy Statement”).
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 11. Executive Compensation                                │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and    │
│  Management and Related Stockholder Matters                     │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party               │
│  Transactions, and Director Independence                        │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the Proxy Statement.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services                │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
to the Proxy Statement.
                                93                                 
Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                 ║
║                             Part IV                             ║
║                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules             │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Documents filed as part of this report are as follows:

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements: the Company's consolidated
financial statements are listed in the “Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements” under Part II, Item 8 of this report.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules
have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required
information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or
Notes thereto.

(3) Exhibits: The documents listed below are incorporated by
reference or are filed with this report, in each case as indicated
therein.
                                                                   
                           EXHIBIT INDEX                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                        Inform…                                    
                        Incorp…                                    
                        by                                         
                        Refere…                                    
  Exhib…    Exhibit     Form       File No.    Exhibit    Filing   
  Number    Title                                         Date     
            Amended                                                
            and                                                    
            Restated                                      March    
  3.1       Certifi…    S-1/A      333-253…        3.2    22,      
            of                                            2021     
            Incorpo…                                               
            of the                                                 
            registr…                                               
            Certifi…                                               
            of                                                     
            Change                                                 
            of                                                     
            Location                                      June     
  3.2       of          8-K        001-403…        3.1    15,      
            Registe…                                      2021     
            Agent                                                  
            and/or                                                 
            Registe…                                               
            office.                                                
            Amended                                                
            and                                                    
  3.3       Restated    8-K        001-403…        3.1    Februa…  
            Bylaws                                        6, 2023  
            of the                                                 
            registr…                                               
            Form of                                                
            Class A                                                
            common                                        March    
  4.1       stock       S-1        333-253…        4.1    2, 2021  
            certifi…                                               
            of the                                                 
            registr…                                               
            Investo…                                               
            Rights                                                 
            Agreeme…                                               
            among                                                  
            the                                                    
            registr…                                               
            and                                                    
            certain                                       March    
  4.2       holders     S-1/A      333-253…        4.2    22,      
            of its                                        2021     
            capital                                                
            stock,                                                 
            dated as                                               
            of                                                     
            August                                                 
            15,                                                    
            2018, as                                               
            amended.                                               
            Form of                                                
            Warrant                                                
            to                                            March    
  4.3       Purchase    S-1        333-253…        4.3    2, 2021  
            Class A                                                
            Common                                                 
            Stock.                                                 
            Descrip…                                      Februa…  
  4.4       of          10-K       001-403…        4.4    28,      
            Capital                                       2023     
            Stock.                                                 
            Indentu…                                               
            dated                                                  
            December                                               
            5, 2024,                                               
            by and                                                 
            between                                                
            AppLovin                                      Decemb…  
  4.5       Corpora…    8-K        001-403…        4.1    5, 2024  
            and                                                    
            Wilming…                                               
            Trust,                                                 
            National                                               
            Associa…                                               
            as                                                     
            trustee.                                               
            First                                                  
            Supplem…                                               
            Indentu…                                               
            dated as                                               
            of                                                     
            December                                               
            5, 2024,                                               
            by and                                                 
  4.6       between     8-K        001-403…        4.2    Decemb…  
            AppLovin                                      5, 2024  
            Corpora…                                               
            and                                                    
            Wilming…                                               
            Trust,                                                 
            National                                               
            Associa…                                               
            as                                                     
            trustee.                                               
            Form of                                                
            Global                                                 
            Note for                                               
            5.125%                                                 
            Senior                                                 
  4.7       Notes       8-K        001-403…        4.3    Decemb…  
            due 2029                                      5, 2024  
            (includ…                                               
            as                                                     
            Exhibit                                                
            A to                                                   
            4.6).                                                  
            Form of                                                
            Global                                                 
            Note for                                               
            5.375%                                                 
            Senior                                                 
  4.8       Notes       8-K        001-403…        4.4    Decemb…  
            due 2031                                      5, 2024  
            (includ…                                               
            as                                                     
            Exhibit                                                
            B to                                                   
            4.6).                                                  
            Form of                                                
            Global                                                 
            Note for                                               
            5.500%                                                 
            Senior                                                 
  4.9       Notes       8-K        001-403…        4.5    Decemb…  
            due 2034                                      5, 2024  
            (includ…                                               
            as                                                     
            Exhibit                                                
            C to                                                   
            4.6).                                                  
                                                                   
                                94                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
            Form of                                                
            Global                                                 
            Note for                                               
            5.950%                                                 
            Senior                                      December   
  4.10      Notes due    8-K      001-40325      4.6    5, 2024    
            2054                                                   
            (included                                              
            as                                                     
            Exhibit D                                              
            to 4.6).                                               
            Form of                                                
            Indemnif…                                              
            Agreement                                              
            between                                                
            the                                                    
  10.1+     registra…    S-1      333-2538…     10.1    March 2,   
            and each                                    2021       
            of its                                                 
            directors                                              
            and                                                    
            executive                                              
            officers.                                              
            AppLovin                                               
            Corporat…                                              
            2011                                                   
            Equity                                      March 2,   
  10.2+     Incentive    S-1      333-2538…     10.2    2021       
            Plan and                                               
            related                                                
            form                                                   
            agreemen…                                              
            AppLovin                                               
            Corporat…                                              
            2021                                                   
            Equity                                      March 22,  
  10.3+     Incentive    S-1/A    333-2538…     10.3    2021       
            Plan and                                               
            related                                                
            form                                                   
            agreemen…                                              
            AppLovin                                               
            Corporat…                                              
            2021                                        March 22,  
  10.4+     Executive    S-1/A    333-2538…     10.4    2021       
            Incentive                                              
            Compensa…                                              
            Plan.                                                  
            AppLovin                                               
            Corporat…                                              
            2021                                                   
            Employee                                               
  10.5+     Stock        10-Q     001-40325     10.1    August 7,  
            Purchase                                    2024       
            Plan and                                               
            related                                                
            form                                                   
            agreemen…                                              
            Amended                                                
            and                                                    
            Restated                                               
            AppLovin                                               
            Corporat…                                              
            2021                                        February   
  10.6      Partner      10-K     001-40325     10.6    28, 2023   
            Studio                                                 
            Incentive                                              
            Plan and                                               
            related                                                
            form                                                   
            agreemen…                                              
            AppLovin                                               
            Corporat…                                              
            Outside                                                
  10.7+     Director                                               
            Compensa…                                              
            Policy,                                                
            amendedF…                                              
            2025.                                                  
            Executive                                              
            Change in                                              
            Control                                                
            and                                         March 22,  
  10.8+     Severance    S-1/A    333-2538…     10.8    2021       
            Plan and                                               
            Summary                                                
            Plan                                                   
            Descript…                                              
            Form of                                                
            Confirma…                                              
            Employme…                                              
            Letter                                                 
            between                                     March 2,   
  10.9+     the          S-1      333-2538…     10.7    2021       
            registra…                                              
            and each                                               
            of its                                                 
            executive                                              
            officers.                                              
            Amended                                                
            and                                                    
            Restated                                               
            Sublease,                                              
            by and                                                 
            between                                                
            1050 Page                                              
  10.10     Mill Road    S-1      333-2538…     10.8    March 2,   
            Property,                                   2021       
            LLC and                                                
            AppLovin                                               
            Corporat…                                              
            dated as                                               
            of                                                     
            February                                               
            18, 2021.                                              
            Equity                                                 
            Exchange                                               
            Agreement                                              
            between                                                
            the                                                    
  10.11+    registra…    S-1/A    333-2538…    10.18    March 22,  
            and                                         2021       
            Herald                                                 
            Chen,                                                  
            dated                                                  
            March 16,                                              
            2021.                                                  
            Form of                                                
            Performa…                                              
  10.12+    Restrict…    8-K      001-40325     10.1    March 13,  
            Stock                                       2023       
            Unit                                                   
            Agreemen…                                              
            Consulti…                                              
            Services                                               
            Agreement                                              
            between                                                
            the                                                    
  10.13+    registra…    10-K     001-40325    10.26    February   
            and                                         26, 2024   
            Herald                                                 
            Chen,                                                  
            dated                                                  
            December                                               
            29, 2023.                                              
            Credit                                                 
            Agreemen…                                              
            dated as                                               
            of                                                     
            December                                               
            5, 2024,                                               
            by and                                                 
            between                                                
            AppLovin                                               
  10.14     Corporat…    8-K      001-40325      4.1    December   
            JPMorgan                                    5, 2024    
            Chase                                                  
            Bank,                                                  
            N.A., as                                               
            administ…                                              
            agent,                                                 
            and the                                                
            lenders                                                
            party                                                  
            thereto.                                               
            Insider                                                
  19.1      Trading                                                
            Policy.                                                
                                                                   
                                95                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
           List of                                                 
  21.1     subsidiari…                                             
           of the                                                  
           registrant.                                             
           Consent of                                              
           Deloitte &                                              
           Touche LLP,                                             
  23.1     Independent                                             
           Registered                                              
           Public                                                  
           Accounting                                              
           Firm.                                                   
           Power of                                                
           Attorney                                                
           (included                                               
  24.1     on                                                      
           signature                                               
           page                                                    
           hereto).                                                
           Certificat…                                             
           of                                                      
           Principal                                               
           Executive                                               
           Officer                                                 
           pursuant to                                             
           Exchange                                                
           Act Rules                                               
  31.1     13a-14(a)                                               
           and                                                     
           15d-14(a),                                              
           as adopted                                              
           pursuant to                                             
           Section 302                                             
           of the                                                  
           Sarbanes-O…                                             
           Act of                                                  
           2002.                                                   
           Certificat…                                             
           of                                                      
           Principal                                               
           Financial                                               
           Officer                                                 
           pursuant to                                             
           Exchange                                                
           Act Rules                                               
  31.2     13a-14(a)                                               
           and                                                     
           15d-14(a),                                              
           as adopted                                              
           pursuant to                                             
           Section 302                                             
           of the                                                  
           Sarbanes-O…                                             
           Act of                                                  
           2002.                                                   
           Certificat…                                             
           of                                                      
           Principal                                               
           Executive                                               
           Officer and                                             
           Principal                                               
           Financial                                               
           Officer                                                 
           pursuant to                                             
  32.1†    18 U.S.C.                                               
           Section                                                 
           1350, as                                                
           adopted                                                 
           pursuant to                                             
           Section 906                                             
           of the                                                  
           Sarbanes-O…                                             
           Act of                                                  
           2002.                                                   
           Compensati…                                 February    
  97.1     Recovery       10-K    001-40325    97.1    26, 2024    
           Policy.                                                 
           The                                                     
           following                                               
           financial                                               
           statements                                              
           from the                                                
           Company’s                                               
           Annual                                                  
           Report on                                               
           Form 10-K                                               
           for the                                                 
           year ended                                              
           December                                                
           31, 2024,                                               
           formatted                                               
           in Inline                                               
           XBRL: (i)                                               
           Consolidat…                                             
           Balance                                                 
           Sheets,                                                 
           (ii)                                                    
           Consolidat…                                             
           Statements                                              
           of                                                      
           Operations,                                             
           (iii)                                                   
  101      Consolidat…                                             
           Statements                                              
           of                                                      
           Comprehens…                                             
           Income                                                  
           (Loss),                                                 
           (iv)                                                    
           Consolidat…                                             
           Statements                                              
           of                                                      
           Redeemable                                              
           Noncontrol…                                             
           Interest                                                
           and                                                     
           Stockholde…                                             
           Equity                                                  
           (Deficit),                                              
           (v)                                                     
           Consolidat…                                             
           Statements                                              
           of Cash                                                 
           Flows, and                                              
           (vi) Notes                                              
           to                                                      
           Consolidat…                                             
           Financial                                               
           Statements.                                             
           Cover Page                                              
           Interactive                                             
  104      Data File                                               
           (contained                                              
           in Exhibit                                              
           101).                                                   
                                                                   
                                                            
  +    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  
                                                            
                                                                   
       Certain exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been    
       omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2).   
  #    We agree to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted    
       exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange       
       Commission upon its request.                                
                                                                   
† The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are deemed furnished and not filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of AppLovin Corporation
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any
general incorporation language contained in such filing.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                 │
│  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary                                     │
│                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
                                96                                 
Table of Contents
                                                                   
  SIGNATURES                                                       
                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                   
  Date: February 27,    APPLOVIN                                   
  2025                  CORPORATION                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                        By:                   /s/ Adam Foroughi    
                                              Adam Foroughi        
                                              Chief Executive      
                                              Officer              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  POWER OF ATTORNEY                                                
                                                                   
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Adam Foroughi,
Matthew Stumpf and Victoria Valenzuela, and each one of them, as
their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power
of substitution and resubstitution, for them and in their name,
place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the
same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting
unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as
fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in
person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-
fact and agents or any of them, or their substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.
                                                                   
                        Title                                      
                        Chief Executive                            
                        Officer and                                
  Signature             Chairperson                                
  /s/ Adam Foroughi     (Principal Executive    Date               
  Adam Foroughi         Officer)                February 27, 2025  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Matthew Stumpf    Chief Financial                            
                        Officer                                    
  Matthew Stumpf        -Principal Financial    February 27, 2025  
                        Officer                                    
  /s/ Dmitriy Dorosh    Vice President,                            
                        Controller                                 
  Dmitriy Dorosh        -Principal              February 27, 2025  
                        Accounting Officer                         
  /s/ Craig Billings    Director                                   
  Craig Billings                                February 27, 2025  
  /s/ Herald Chen       Director                                   
  Herald Chen                                   February 27, 2025  
  /s/ Margaret          Director                                   
  Georgiadis                                                       
  Margaret                                      February 27, 2025  
  Georgiadis                                                       
  /s/ Alyssa Harvey     Director                                   
  Dawson                                                           
  Alyssa Harvey                                 February 27, 2025  
  Dawson                                                           
  /s/ Barbara           Director                                   
  Messing                                                          
  Barbara Messing                               February 27, 2025  
  /s/ Todd              Director                                   
  Morgenfeld                                                       
  Todd Morgenfeld                               February 27, 2025  
  /s/ Edward            Director                                   
  Oberwager                                                        
  Edward Oberwager                              February 27, 2025  
  /s/ Eduardo Vivas     Director                                   
  Eduardo Vivas                                 February 27, 2025  
                                                                   
                                97                                 
