Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4)
Registration No. 333-261377
Registration No. 333-261475 7,500,000 Shares Class A common stock The
selling stockholders identified in this prospectus are selling 7,500,000
shares of Class A common stock. We will not receive any proceeds from the
sale of shares of our Class A common stock by the selling stockholders. We
have three classes of authorized common stock, Class A common stock, Class
B common stock, and Class C common stock. The rights of the holders of
Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock are
identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. Each share of
Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share. Each share of
Class B common stock is entitled to 20 votes per share and is convertible
at any time into one share of Class A common stock. Shares of Class C
common stock have no voting rights, except as otherwise required by law,
and will convert into Class A common stock, on a share-for-share basis,
following the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of Class B
common stock into shares of Class A common stock and upon the date or time
specified by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class
A common stock voting as a separate class. No shares of Class C common
stock are issued and outstanding. All shares of Class B common stock are
held by Adam Foroughi, our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and the
Chairperson of our board of directors; Herald Chen, our President and
Chief Financial Officer, and a member of our board of directors; and KKR
Denali Holdings L.P. (collectively with certain affiliates, the Class B
Stockholders). Upon completion of this offering and related transactions,
the Class B Stockholders will collectively hold 87.5% of the voting power
of our outstanding capital stock. The Class B Stockholders have entered
into a voting agreement whereby all Class B common stock held by the Class
B Stockholders and their respective permitted entities and permitted
transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen,
and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Class
B Stockholders will collectively be able to determine or significantly
influence any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including
the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other
major corporate transaction. Our Class A common stock is listed on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “APP”. On December 1, 2021,
the last sale price of our Class A common stock as reported on the Nasdaq
Global Select Market was $86.13 per share. We are a “controlled company”
within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. See
the sections titled “Management” and “Principal and Selling Stockholders”
for additional information. Investing in our Class A common stock involves
risks. See “ Risk Factors” beginning on page 17 to read about factors you
should consider before buying shares of our Class A common stock. PRICE
$83.00 A SHARE
                                                                            
                                       Underwriting            Proceeds to  
                     Price to         Discounts and                Selling  
                       Public        Commissions(1)           Stockholders  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Per Share    $        83.00    $             2.49    $             80.51  
  Total        $  622,500,000    $       18,675,000    $       603,825,000  
                                                                            
(1) We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain expenses in
connection with this offering. See the section titled “Underwriters” for a
description of the compensation payable to the underwriters. KKR Denali
Holdings L.P. has granted the underwriters the right to purchase up to
1,125,000 additional shares of our Class A common stock. KKR Capital
Markets LLC is acting as our financial advisor in connection with this
offering. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other
regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed
upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to
the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver the
shares to purchasers on December 7, 2021.
                                                                 
  J.P. Morgan    BofA Securities    Citigroup    Morgan Stanley  
                                                                 
                                                                   
  Credit Suisse    UBS Investment Bank    Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC  
                                                                   
                                                                            
  Oppenheim…    Stifel          William        LionTree        LUMA         
  & Co.                         Blair                          Securities   
  The Raine     Blaylock        Guzman &       Roberts &       R. Seelaus   
  Group         Van, LLC        Company        Ryan            & Co., LLC   
                                                                            
Prospectus dated December 3, 2021

TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                            
  PROSPECTUS SUMMARY                                     1  
  RISK FACTORS                                          17  
  SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS     62  
  INDUSTRY, MARKET, AND OTHER DATA                      64  
  USE OF PROCEEDS                                       65  
  DIVIDEND POLICY                                       66  
  CAPITALIZATION                                        67  
  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA        69  
  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL     72  
  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                       
  BUSINESS                                             113  
  MANAGEMENT                                           130  
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                               139  
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY              164  
  TRANSACTIONS                                              
                                                            
                                                           
  PRINCIPAL AND SELLING STOCKHOLDERS                  170  
  DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK                        174  
  DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS                 182  
  SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE                     187  
  MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS     189  
  FOR NON-U.S. HOLDERS OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK         
  UNDERWRITERS                                        194  
  LEGAL MATTERS                                       208  
  EXPERTS                                             208  
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION           208  
  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          F-1  
                                                           
Neither we nor the selling stockholders, nor any of the underwriters have
authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any
representations other than those contained in this prospectus or in any
free writing prospectuses we have prepared. Neither we nor the selling
stockholders, nor any of the underwriters take responsibility for, and can
provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that
others may give you. The selling stockholders are offering to sell, and
seeking offers to buy, our Class A common stock only under circumstances
and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information
contained in this prospectus is current only as of its date, regardless of
the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of our Class A
common stock. For investors outside the United States: Neither we nor the
selling stockholders, nor any of the underwriters have done anything that
would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this
prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required,
other than in the United States. Persons outside the United States who
come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and
observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of our
Class A common stock and the distribution of this prospectus outside the
United States.

PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information that is presented in greater
detail elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of
the information you should consider before investing in our Class A common
stock. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the
sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this
prospectus before making an investment decision. Unless the context
otherwise requires, the terms “AppLovin,” “the company,” “we,” “us,” and
“our” in this prospectus refer to AppLovin Corporation and its
consolidated subsidiaries, and references to our “common stock” include
our Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock.

APPLOVIN CORPORATION

Overview

Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of
mobile app developers.

Our software solutions provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to
grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the
marketing and monetization of their apps. Since inception, our platform
has driven over eight billion mobile app installs for mobile app
developers. Our software, coupled with our deep industry knowledge and
expertise, has allowed us to rapidly
scale a successful and diversified portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have
also accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and
partnership strategy. Our scaled and integrated business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app
ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive advantage that has fueled
our clients’ success and our strong growth.

Over the
past two decades, mobile apps have become integral to our lives. Mobile
apps offer a wide array of applications, such as allowing users to
seamlessly share ideas, make purchases, monitor health, and access
entertainment. Based on data from IDC, we
estimate our total market opportunity to be $189 billion in 2020, growing
to $283 billion in 2024, or a 10.6% compound annual growth rate (CAGR).
Growth of the mobile app ecosystem benefits mobile app users, but makes it
harder for mobile
app developers, and particularly independent (indie) developers, to scale
and succeed in a crowded market. Most developers lack access to the
marketing, monetization, and data analytics tools required to stand out
among the more than
4.8 million mobile apps available on the Apple App Store and Google Play
Store, according to Statista, or attract sufficient numbers of mobile app
users to create and sustain a successful long-term business. Underscoring
how difficult it is to
create a successful mobile app, SensorTower estimates that 80% of all
mobile app downloads were generated by 1% of total developers across both
Apple App Store and Google Play Store in the third quarter of 2019.

The marketing and monetization challenges faced by mobile app developers
are particularly acute for developers of mobile games, which is
one of the largest and fastest-growing segments within the mobile app
ecosystem. According to IDC, there are more than 2 billion mobile gamers
worldwide—and, according to Statista, there are more than 1.3 million
mobile gaming apps on the Apple
App Store and Google Play Store. Mobile gaming accounts for 39% of
worldwide app downloads and for 72% of all app store consumer spend by
value, according to Sensor Tower.

1

AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app developers, in
particular mobile
game developers, solving key marketing and monetization challenges.
Through our technologies and scaled distribution, developers are able to
manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing investments, and improve the
monetization of their apps. The
key elements of our solutions are delivered through the AppLovin Core
Technologies and AppLovin Software. In 2018, given an opportunity to scale
our own apps using our Software, insights, and expertise in the mobile app
ecosystem, we launched our
first party content strategy, AppLovin Apps. Today, our Apps consist of a
globally diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-play mobile games
across five genres, run by
eighteen studios, including studios that we own (Owned Studios), and
others that we partner with (Partner Studios).

The combination
of our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps forms a strategic
flywheel that drives growth across our business and furthers our
competitive advantages. As more developers use our Software Platform to
market and monetize their mobile apps,
we gain access to more users and more user engagement further
strengthening our scaled distribution. As our distribution grows, we gain
better insights for the recommendation engine in our Core Technologies,
which then further enhances our Software.
This continuously improving flywheel helps developers, including our own,
to create and sustain successful businesses, growing both our own business
and the mobile app ecosystem.

We accelerate our capabilities and enhance our strategic position in the
mobile app ecosystem by actively pursuing acquisitions and
partnerships for new technologies and apps. Insights that we derive from
our strategic position and flywheel allow us to proactively identify
attractive acquisition and partnership opportunities across the mobile app
ecosystem. From the beginning of
2018 through September 30, 2021, we have invested over $2.5 billion across
26 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app studios, games, and
software platforms. In the case of new apps added to our portfolio, we are
able to deploy our
Software and expertise to accelerate revenue growth, enabling us to
generate strong returns on investment. Strategic acquisitions and
partnerships will continue to be a part of our growth strategy going
forward. For example, in April 2021, we
acquired adjust GmbH (Adjust), a leading mobile app attribution,
measurement, and analytics company in Germany and in October 2021, we
entered into an agreement to acquire the MoPub business from Twitter, Inc.

Our focus on building market-leading technology, coupled with our unique
approach to developing and growing our Apps portfolio, has
produced a business model characterized by rapid growth and strong cash
flow generation. For the nine months ended September 30, 2021, our revenue
grew 112% year-over-year, from $941.2 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2020 to $2.0
billion in the comparative period in 2021. We generated a net income of
$3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021, and a net loss
of $107.0 million in the comparative period in 2020. We generated Adjusted
EBITDA of $505.5 million and
$207.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. Additionally, we have generated strong cash flows, with net
cash provided by operating activities of $276.8 million and $122.7 million
in the nine months ended
September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This has allowed us to reinvest
in our expansion and growth and consummate strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA” for
a description of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA
to net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure
calculated in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States (GAAP).

2

Industry Background Key Trends within the Mobile App Ecosystem
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is growing rapidly and is increasingly      
       defining how we interact with the world.                             
  •    Based on data from IDC, we estimate that our market opportunity      
       within the mobile app ecosystem will grow from $189 billion in 2020  
       to $283 billion in 2024, or a 10.6% CAGR.                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The proliferation of accessible and affordable advanced development  
       tools has led to lower cost and shorter                              
  •    development times for new apps. A broad selection of high quality,   
       easy to use, commoditized development kits has decreased the time,   
       capital, and expertise required to make an app.                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Mobile gaming has become one of the largest and fastest-growing      
  •    sectors within the mobile app ecosystem. Mobile                      
       gaming accounts for 39% of worldwide app downloads and for 72% of    
       all app store consumer spend by value, according to Sensor Tower.    
                                                                            
Key Challenges for Developers Today’s app developer journey has three key
steps – make, market, and monetize. The ‘make’ step has never been easier,
but developers still face key challenges in marketing and monetizing their
apps.
                                                                            
       The abundance of apps today creates a discovery and marketing        
       challenge for mobile app developers. The ease of                     
       making apps has created a highly fragmented market with over 4.8     
       million mobile apps available through the Apple App Store and        
       Google Play Store, according to Statista. Even after a user          
  •    downloads an app, for the average consumer in the United             
       States that app is now just one of the nearly 100 apps on the        
       average smartphone, according to App Annie. As a result, developers  
       must overcome both a crowded marketplace and home screen to          
       successfully market and monetize their apps, and this is             
       especially difficult for indie developers.                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Many developers lack access to marketing and monetization tools      
       required to build a successful business in the mobile                
       app ecosystem. Most mobile apps are free to install and many rely    
  •    on in-game advertising and in-app purchases (IAPs) for               
       monetization. To be successful, a developer’s app must not just be   
       discovered                                                           
       but also generate user engagement to effectively sell ad inventory   
       or create compelling content for IAPs.                               
                                                                            
Our Market Opportunity Based on data from IDC, we estimate our total
market opportunity in the mobile app ecosystem to be $189 billion. We
calculated this estimate by aggregating worldwide total in-app advertising
revenue of $101 billion (including gaming and non-gamingin-app display,
video, and other advertising, but excluding in-app search advertising) and
worldwide direct game spending of $88 billion for 2020. How We Grow the
Mobile App Ecosystem We have built and invested in our Core Technologies
and Software Platform, which expand the mobile app ecosystem by solving
key developer growth challenges. We deliver value to mobile app developers
by helping scale their businesses and maximize their revenue through our
marketing and monetization technologies and expertise. Our Core
Technologies and Software Platform combine marketing, monetization, and
analytics into a single unified technology stack.
                                                                            
       AppLovin Core Technologies are our foundational technology           
  •    infrastructure that powers our Software Platform. Our                
       Core Technologies consist of our AXON machine-learning               
                                                                            
3
                                                                            
  recommendation engine, our App Graph data management layer, and our       
  elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core Technologies are robust, having    
  processed 5.9 petabytes of data per day on average, as                    
  many as 4 trillion predictions per day, and up to 29.6 trillion events    
  per day in September 2021, while remaining flexible enough to rapidly     
  adjust to our customers’ evolving needs. Our App Graph stores and         
  manages anonymized data from hundreds                                     
  of millions of mobile devices we reach every day, which our AXON engine   
  then leverages to better predict and match each user to relevant          
  advertising content.                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppLovin Software Platform is a comprehensive suite of tools for     
       developers to get their mobile apps discovered                       
  •    and downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing      
       spend, and maximize monetization of engagement. Our Software         
       Platform reaches an audience of over 478 million users per day.1     
       Our Software Platform is comprised of four solutions:                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery is our marketing software solution, which matches       
       advertiser demand with publisher supply through                      
       auctions at vast scale and microsecond-level speeds, peaking at 5.6  
  •    million requests processed per second in September 2021.             
       AppDiscovery is powered by our AXON machine-learning recommendation  
       engine with predictive algorithms that enable developers             
       to match their apps to users that are more likely to download them.  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Adjust is an analytics platform that helps marketers grow their      
       mobile apps with solutions for measuring and                         
  •    optimizing campaigns and protecting user data. Adjust powers         
       thousands of apps with built-in intelligence and automation, backed  
       by responsive global customer support.                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of an    
  •    app’s advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive       
       auction, driving more competition and higher returns for             
       publishers.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Compass is our analytics software tool within MAX which gives        
  •    developers the testing capabilities, insights, and                   
       intelligence needed to stay competitive and manage profitability.    
                                                                            
We have also developed and invested in our AppLovin Apps. Our Apps consist
of a globally diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-playmobile games
run by eighteen studios with a deep bench of talented developers. These
Apps are accessed by nearly 37 million users every day. 1Our diversified
portfolio covers five gaming genres, the most frequent of which is casual
games, and appeals to a broad global audience across different ages,
genders, and locations. Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios utilize our
Software Platform and other vendors to market and monetize our Apps. When
using our Software Platform, our Apps have an economic advantage, which
benefits our business as a whole. Our Strategic Flywheel The mutually
reinforcing combination of our Software Platform’s scaled distribution,
our Apps’ first-party content, and our Core Technologies’ recommendation
engine creates a powerful flywheel effect that enhances each component and
importantly improves our overall strategic position and capabilities. As
our Software Platform improves and is able to deliver more effective ads
to more relevant users, more developers use and integrate their apps with
our Software Platform. With growth in the number of users on and
engagement with our Apps and third-party apps, our App Graph gains more
insights and data to feed our Core Technologies, including our AXON
machine-learning recommendation engine.
                                                                            
  1  See the section titled “Business” for information on how we calculate  
     this figure.                                                           
                                                                            
4

This enables AXON to make more relevant recommendations for each user,
enhancing the effectiveness of our Software Platform in real-time.
Improvements in our Software Platform lead to more developer demand,
restarting the virtuous cycle of our strategic flywheel. Higher
monetization and more users more users served relevant ads more likely to
download more users download relevant apps more usage and data better
insights and more engagement appdiscovery marketing max monetization
applovin apps & client apps infrastructure app graph axon Our Strategic
Acquisitions and Partnerships We accelerate our technical capabilities,
strategic positioning, and growth through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. We have developed a proven and repeatable process for
acquiring highly sophisticated technology that enhances our Software
Platform and for selecting and scaling our Apps global portfolio. Our
acquisitions and partnerships include investments in software, such as our
acquisitions of Adjust, MAX Advertising Systems, Inc. (MAX) and SafeDK
Mobile Ltd. (SafeDK), and game studios, such as our acquisition of
PeopleFun, Inc. (PeopleFun) and partnership with Belka Games. From the
beginning of 2018 through September 30, 2021, we have invested over $2.5
billion across 26 strategic acquisitions and partnerships. Benefits to
Mobile App Developers We enable mobile app developers to:
                                                                            
       Reach and attract users at scale. Our Software Platform reaches      
       over 478 million users per day,                                      
  •    enabling mobile app developers to target and find the right users    
       for their apps worldwide. Developers are able to set their user      
       acquisition and revenue goals to target the most relevant, highest   
       value users.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Maximize monetization of engagement. Developers use our Software     
  •    Platform to generate incremental revenue                             
       by maximizing the monetization of their mobile app ad inventory.     
       Our                                                                  
                                                                            
5
                                                    
  tools operate at nearly instantaneous speeds and  
  at vast scale to enhance monetization for         
  developers while preserving the end user          
  experience.                                       
                                                    
                                                                            
       Leverage proprietary data and insights. Developers benefit from      
       accessing comprehensive real-time                                    
  •    insights through our customized user dashboards, helping them        
       optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their        
       return on investment.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Automate time consuming and manual processes. Our Software Platform  
  •    automates marketing and                                              
       monetization, allowing developers to focus on improving their apps   
       rather than managing complex go-to-market processes manually.        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation. Our cloud-based Core        
       Technologies and Software Platform are                               
       continuously updated as the mobile app ecosystem evolves.            
  •    Developers on our Software Platform benefit from this ongoing        
       advancement and optimization, and are able to rapidly adapt to       
       industry changes in marketing and monetization without losing        
       focus on mobile app creation.                                        
                                                                            
Our Strengths
                                                                            
       Unique and improving strategic position. Our competitive             
       advantages, overall growth, and strong financial                     
       profile are a direct result of our integrated portfolio and          
  •    strategic flywheel. We leverage insights across our flywheel to      
       optimize our strategic position and business, in particular with     
       regard to the allocation of development                              
       resources and investments.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Proven and optimized mobile app discovery and monetization           
       technologies. For almost a decade, we have been                      
       improving our Core Technologies and Software Platform. Powered by    
  •    our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine and our App Graph,   
       we leverage deep insights and technical expertise to create          
       powerful software platforms and a significant                        
       competitive advantage. We automate marketing and monetization,       
       freeing developers to focus on what they do best—app development.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       An advantaged approach to the mobile apps market. Our Apps leverage  
       the strength of our Core Technologies                                
       and Software Platform and expertise to achieve strong discovery and  
  •    monetization, leading to a differentiated approach and business      
       model. This advantaged approach to the mobile apps market provides   
       the opportunity to expand into other mobile app                      
       sectors.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Highly accretive approach to strategic acquisitions and              
       partnerships. We have a proven and repeatable                        
  •    playbook approach to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships.    
       The mobile app ecosystem remains highly fragmented and provides an   
       ongoing growth opportunity for us.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Strong business model to drive rapid growth and cash flow. Based on  
       our integrated assets and scale, we                                  
  •    have a strong business model that has produced rapid revenue growth  
       and an attractive margin profile. We are able to reinvest this cash  
       flow to fuel sustainable growth.                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Founder-led business, with a proven and experienced team to          
       execute.                                                             
  •    Our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson, Adam Foroughi, leads a         
       tenured management team with significant experience in the mobile    
       app industry and scaling successful businesses.                      
                                                                            
6

Our Strategy for Growth We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our
growth and further enhance our market position in the mobile app
ecosystem.
                                                                            
       Existing market expansion. We have an attractive market opportunity  
  •    within our growing mobile app segments                               
       and will continue to invest across our Core Technologies, Software   
       Platform, and Apps:                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    Enhance and extend machine-learning platform technologies.  
                                                                   
                                                             
  •    Expand distribution reach and software capabilities.  
                                                             
                            
  •    Grow AppLovin Apps.  
                            
                                                                            
       New market extensions. We believe our technology and expertise are   
  •    applicable to other                                                  
       market segments and geographies that we do not currently address:    
                                                                            
                                                              
  •    Expand into other mobile app segments and industries.  
                                                              
                                                        
  •    Geographic expansion and industry partnerships.  
                                                        
                                                                    
  •    Other performance marketing and yield marketing categories.  
                                                                    
                                                                            
       Pursue accretive strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We have a  
  •    deep pipeline of software and app                                    
       investment opportunities which we will continue to pursue.           
                                                                            
Our Capital Structure We have three classes of common stock. Our Class A
common stock, which is the stock being offered by the selling stockholders
by means of this prospectus, has one vote per share, our Class B common
stock has 20 votes per share, and our Class C common stock has no voting
rights, except as otherwise required by law. Adam Foroughi, our co-
founder, CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, our President and Chief
Financial Officer, and a member of our board of directors; and KKR Denali
Holdings L.P. (KKR Denali) (collectively with certain affiliates, the
Class B Stockholders) together hold all of the issued and outstanding
shares of our Class B common stock. Substantially concurrently with the
completion of this offering, KKR Denali will voluntarily convert an
additional number of shares of our Class B common stock that it holds into
an equivalent number of shares of Class A common stock (the KKR Denali
Stock Conversion) such that, after giving effect to this offering and such
voluntary conversion, the shares of Class A common stock and Class B
common stock held by KKR Denali will provide it with 45.0% of the voting
power of our outstanding capital stock. Accordingly, upon the closing of
this offering and related transactions, the Class B Stockholders will
collectively hold 87.5% of the voting power of our outstanding capital
stock in the aggregate, which voting power may increase over time to the
extent the Class B Stockholders exercise stock options outstanding at the
time of the completion of this offering and exchange such shares for Class
B common stock. If all such stock options held by the Class B Stockholders
had been exercised and exchanged for shares of Class B common stock and
assuming that the KKR Denali Stock Conversion has been effected as of the
date of the completion of this offering and related transactions, our
Class B Stockholders would collectively hold 87.8% of the voting power of
our outstanding capital stock. The Class B Stockholders have entered into
a voting agreement (the Voting Agreement) whereby all Class B common stock
held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective permitted entities
and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr.
Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). As
a result, the Class B Stockholders will collectively be able to determine
or significantly influence any action requiring the approval of our
stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the
adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and
the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially
all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction.

7

No shares of our Class C common stock, which entitle the holder to zero
votes per
share, are issued and outstanding and we have no current plans to issue
shares of Class C common stock. These shares will be available to be used
in the future to further strategic initiatives, such as financings or
acquisitions, or issue
future equity awards to our service providers. Because the shares of Class
C common stock have no voting rights (except as otherwise required by
law), the issuance of such shares will not result in further dilution to
the voting power held by
the Class B Stockholders.

The multi-class structure of our common stock is intended to ensure that,
for the foreseeable
future, the Class B Stockholders continue to control or significantly
influence the governance of the company, which we believe will permit us
to continue to prioritize our long-term goals rather than short-term
results, to enhance the
likelihood of stability in the composition of our board of directors and
its policies, and to discourage certain types of transactions that may
involve an actual or threatened acquisition of the company. See the
sections titled “Principal and
Selling Stockholders” and “Description of Capital Stock” for additional
information.

Recent Developments

Definitive Agreement to Acquire MoPub

On October 6, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire from
Twitter, Inc. the MoPub business for approximately
$1.05 billion. The closing of the transaction is expected to occur in
early 2022 and is subject to customary conditions and regulatory
approvals. We plan to integrate MoPub’s reach and product features into
our existing Software Platform
to better maximize revenue growth and improve efficiencies for our
combined customers.

Term Loans and Amendment to Credit Agreement

On October 25, 2021, we entered into Amendment No. 6 (Amendment No. 6) to
that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of
August 15, 2018, by and among us, as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other parties thereto,
as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April
23, 2019,
Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2020,
Amendment No. 3 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2020,
Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2020 and
Amendment
No. 5 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2021 (the Credit
Agreement; and as amended by Amendment No. 6, the Amended Credit
Agreement).

Pursuant to Amendment No. 6 and the Amended Credit Agreement, certain
additional lenders agreed to provide incremental loans in an
aggregate amount of $1.5 billion (such incremental loans, the Amendment
No. 6 New Term Loans). The Amendment No. 6 New Term Loans have (a) a
maturity date of October 25, 2028 (or if not a business day, the
immediately
preceding business day), (b) a floor on LIBOR Loans (as defined in the
Amended Credit Agreement) of 50 basis points, and (c) an applicable margin
for LIBOR Loans equal to 3.00% (or 2.00% for ABR Loans (as defined in the
Amended Credit
Agreement)), in each case, subject to and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement. Except as set forth in
Amendment No. 6 and the Amended Credit Agreement, the other terms and
conditions of the Amendment
No. 6 New Term Loans are consistent with the terms and conditions of the
term loans outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment
No. 6.

8

Risk Factors Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled “Risk
Factors” immediately following this prospectus summary. These risks
include the following:
                                                                            
       We have a limited operating history, especially with respect to our  
  •    Apps, which makes it difficult to evaluate our                       
       current business and future performance and the risks we may         
       encounter.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate from               
  •    period-to-period, which could cause the market price of our Class A  
       common stock to decline.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is intensely competitive. If business       
  •    clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or                 
       services over our own, our business, financial condition, and        
       results of operations could be adversely affected.                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is subject to rapid technological change,   
       and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate                
  •    our resources among, emerging technologies and business models, our  
       business, financial condition, and results of operations could be    
       adversely affected.                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The failure to attract new business clients, the loss of clients,    
  •    or a reduction in spending by these clients could                    
       adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of   
       operations.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully      
  •    monetize them, or continue to improve the experience and             
       monetization of our existing Apps, our business, financial           
       condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       If we fail to retain existing users or add new users                 
  •    cost-effectively, or if our users decrease their level of            
       engagement with Apps, our business, financial condition, and         
       results of operations could be adversely affected.                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We have experienced significant growth through strategic             
  •    acquisitions and partnerships, and we face risks related to the      
       integration of such acquisitions and the management of such growth.  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations through   
  •    strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We face a                   
       number of risks related to these transactions.                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect  
       revenue, and if our ability to do so is harmed, or                   
       such third-party platforms change their policies in such a way that  
  •    restricts our business, increases our expenses, or limits the        
       information we derive from our Apps, our business, financial         
       condition, and results of operations could be adversely              
       affected.                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting         
       Agreement among the Class B Stockholders have the                    
       effect of concentrating voting power with the Class B Stockholders.  
       This will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters     
  •    submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election   
       of our board of directors, the adoption of                           
       amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the   
       approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially  
       all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction.             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We are considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of the   
  •    Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,                            
       and, as a result, we qualify for, and currently rely on, exemptions  
       from certain corporate governance requirements.                      
                                                                            
Channels for Disclosure of Information We announce material information to
the public through filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC), the investor relations page on our website, press releases,
public conference calls, webcasts, and our corporate blog at
blog.applovin.com.

9

The information disclosed by the foregoing channels could be deemed to be
material
information. As such, we encourage investors, the media, and others to
follow the channels listed above and to review the information disclosed
through such channels.

Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we announce
information will be posted on the investor relations page on
our website.

Controlled Company Status

Our Class B Stockholders control more than 50% of the voting power of our
common stock and we are considered a “controlled
company” under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. As such, we
are permitted to opt out of compliance with certain Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements and we currently rely on certain of such
exemptions. Accordingly, stockholders
will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies
that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.
See the sections titled “Risk Factors—We are considered a “controlled
company”
within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, and,
as a result, we qualify for, and currently rely on, exemptions from
certain corporate governance requirements,” “Management,” and “Principal
and Selling
Stockholders” for additional information.

Corporate Information

We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July 2011.
Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is (800)
839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com. Information contained
on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute part
of this prospectus and
inclusions of our website address in this prospectus are inactive textual
references only. You should not consider information contained on our
website to be part of this prospectus or in deciding whether to purchase
shares of our Class A common
stock.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law trademarks,
service marks, or trade names appearing
in this prospectus are the property of AppLovin Corporation. Other
trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property
of their respective owners.

10

THE OFFERING
                                                                            
  Class A common stock offered by                                           
  the                                   7,500,000 shares                    
  selling stockholders                                                      
  Class A common stock to be                                                
  outstanding                           294,978,513 shares                  
  after this offering and related                                           
  transactions                                                              
  Class B common stock to be                                                
  outstanding                           78,662,622 shares                   
  after this offering and related                                           
  transactions                                                              
  Class C common stock to be                                                
  outstanding                           None                                
  after this offering and related                                           
  transactions                                                              
  Class A, Class B, and Class C                                             
  common stock to be outstanding        373,641,135 shares                  
  after this offering and related                                           
  transactions                                                              
                                        KKR Denali has granted the          
  Option to purchase additional         underwriters an option to purchase  
  shares                                an additional 1,125,000 shares of   
                                        Class A common stock.               
                                        The selling stockholders will       
                                        receive all net proceeds from the   
                                        sale of shares of Class A common    
                                        stock in this offering and we       
                                        will not receive any proceeds from  
  Use of proceeds                       this offering. We will, however,    
                                        bear the costs associated with the  
                                        sale of shares by the selling       
                                        stockholders, other than            
                                        underwriting discounts and          
                                        commissions.                        
                                        See the sections titled “Use of     
                                        Proceeds,”                          
                                        “Principal and Selling              
                                        Stockholders,” and “Underwriters”   
                                        for additional information.         
                                        Shares of our Class A common stock  
  Voting rights                         are entitled to one vote per        
                                        share.                              
                                        Shares of our Class B common stock  
                                        are entitled to 20 votes per        
                                        share.                              
                                        Shares of our Class C common stock  
                                        have no voting rights, except as    
                                        otherwise required by law.          
                                        Holders of our Class A common       
                                        stock and Class B common stock      
                                        will generally vote together as a   
                                        single class, unless                
                                        otherwise required by law or our    
                                        amended and restated certificate    
                                        of incorporation. Upon the closing  
                                        of this offering and related        
                                        transactions, the Class B           
                                        Stockholders will collectively      
                                        hold approximately 87.5% of the     
                                        voting power of our                 
                                        outstanding capital stock in the    
                                        aggregate. The Class B              
                                        Stockholders have entered into the  
                                        Voting Agreement whereby all Class  
                                        B common stock held by the Class B  
                                        Stockholders and their respective   
                                        permitted entities and permitted    
                                        transferees will be voted as        
                                        determined by two of Mr. Foroughi,  
                                        Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of    
                                        which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a   
                                        result, the Class B Stockholders    
                                        will collectively be able to        
                                        determine or significantly          
                                        influence                           
                                        any action requiring the approval   
                                        of                                  
                                                                            
11
                                                                            
                           our stockholders, including the election of our  
                           board of directors, the adoption of amendments   
                           to our certificate of incorporation              
                           and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,      
                           consolidation, sale of all or substantially all  
                           of our assets, or other major corporate          
                           transaction. See the sections titled “Principal  
                           and Selling Stockholders” and “Description of    
                           Capital                                          
                           Stock” for additional information.               
                           We are considered a “controlled company” within  
                           the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance   
                           requirements. See the                            
  Controlled company       sections titled “Management—Director             
                           Independence and Controlled Company Exemption”   
                           and “Principal and Selling Stockholders” for     
                           additional information.                          
  Nasdaq trading symbol    “APP”                                            
                                                                            
The number of shares of our Class A common stock, Class B common stock,
and Class C common stock that will be outstanding after this offering and
related transactions is based on 225,833,513 shares of our Class A common
stock, 147,807,622 shares of our Class B common stock, and no shares of
our Class C common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021. The shares
of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding as of
September 30, 2021 exclude the following:
                                                                            
       16,689,042 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the      
  •    exercise of options to purchase shares of our                        
       Class A common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021, with a    
       weighted-average exercise price of $6.55 per share;                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       195,000 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the         
  •    exercise of a warrant to purchase Class A common                     
       stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021, with an exercise price   
       of $26.67 per share;                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,222,536 of our Class A common stock issuable upon the vesting and  
  •    settlement of restricted stock units (RSUs)                          
       outstanding as of September 30, 2021;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    324,156 shares of our Class A common stock issued upon conversion    
       of a convertible security in October 2021; and                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       44,994,361 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future    
  •    issuance under our equity compensation plans as                      
       of September 30, 2021, consisting of:                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       37,163,984 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future    
  •    issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan                        
       (our 2021 Plan);                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       30,377 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future        
  •    issuance under our 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan                
       (our 2021 Partner Plan); and                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,800,000 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future     
  •    issuance under our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase                      
       Plan (our ESPP).                                                     
                                                                            
Our 2021 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the
number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved thereunder, and our
2021 Plan also provides for increases to the number of shares of Class A
common stock that may be granted thereunder based on shares under our 2011
Equity Incentive Plan (our 2011 Plan) that expire, are tendered to or
withheld by us for payment of an exercise price or for satisfying tax
withholding obligations, or are forfeited or otherwise repurchased by us.
See the section titled “Executive Compensation—Employee Benefit and Stock
Plans” for additional information.

12

Pursuant to an equity exchange right agreement entered into between us and
Herald Chen (the Equity Award Exchange Agreement), Mr. Chen will have a
right (but not an obligation) to require us to exchange any shares of
Class A common stock received upon the exercise of options to purchase
shares of Class A common stock for an equivalent number of shares of Class
B common stock. We refer to this right as the Equity Award Exchange. The
Equity Award Exchange applies only to equity awards granted to Mr. Chen
prior to the effectiveness of the filing of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation in connection with our initial public
offering. There are 2,360,400 shares of our Class A common stock subject
to options held by Mr. Chen that are subject to the Equity Award Exchange
Agreement and may be exchanged, upon exercise, for an equivalent number of
shares of our Class B common stock. In the event that Mr. Chen had
exchanged all shares of Class A common stock that he may acquire pursuant
to options that he exercises immediately prior to this offering, then the
Class B Stockholders would have held approximately 87.8% of the voting
power of our capital stock in the aggregate immediately following the
completion of this offering and related transactions. Except as otherwise
indicated, all information in this prospectus:
                                                                            
       gives effect to a 1-to-3 forward stock split, which occurred on May  
       20, 2020 (the Forward Stock Split) as if it had                      
  •    occurred on the date of such information;                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       assumes no exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants,       
       vesting and settlement of RSUs, conversion of convertible            
       securities, or forfeiture of outstanding restricted stock            
  •    subsequent to September 30, 2021; and                                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase  
       additional shares.                                                   
                                                                            
13

SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following tables
summarize our consolidated financial and other data. We have derived the
summary consolidated statements of operations data for 2018, 2019 and 2020
from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this prospectus. We have derived the summary consolidated statements of
operations data for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 and summary
consolidated balance sheets data as of September 30, 2021 from our
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere
in this prospectus. We have prepared the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements on the same basis as the audited consolidated
financial statements and have included all adjustments, consisting only of
normal recurring adjustments that, in our opinion, are necessary to state
fairly the information set forth in those consolidated financial
statements. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected in the future. The following summary
consolidated financial and other data should be read in conjunction with
the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,” our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Consolidated Statements of Operations Data
                                                                            
                                                      Ni…                   
            Year                                      Mo…                   
            End…                                      En…                   
            Dec…                                      Se…                   
             31,                                      30,                   
            2018          2019          2020          20…          2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
             -in                                                            
            tho…                                                            
            exc…                                                            
             for                                                            
            sha…                                                            
             and                                                            
             per                                                            
            sha…                                                            
            amo…                                                            
  Re…    $  483…       $  994…       $  1,4…       $  94…       $  1,9…     
  Co…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  Co…                                                                       
  of        53,…          241…          555…          35…          722…     
  re…                                                                       
  Sa…                                                                       
  and       166…          481…          627…          41…          816…     
  ma…                                                                       
  Re…                                                                       
  and       16,…          44,…          180…          99…          246…     
  de…                                                                       
  Ge…                                                                       
  and       14,…          31,…          66,…          41…          122…     
  ad…                                                                       
  Le…                                                                       
  mo…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  ab…          —             —          7,8…          7,…             —     
  of                                                                        
  le…                                                                       
  im…                                                                       
  Ex…                                                                       
  of                                                                        
  ac…       (10…  )          —          74,…          74…             —     
  co…                                                                       
  co…                                                                       
  To…                                                                       
  co…       240…          799…          1,5…          99…          1,9…     
  and                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  (l…       242…          194…          (62…  )       (5…  )       91,…     
  fr…                                                                       
  op…                                                                       
  Ot…                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (e…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  lo…       (48…  )       (73…  )       (77…  )       (5…  )       (72…  )  
  on                                                                        
  se…                                                                       
  of                                                                        
  de…                                                                       
  Ot…                                                                       
  in…       1,9…          5,8…          4,2…          5,…          (997  )  
  (e…                                                                       
  net                                                                       
  To…                                                                       
  ot…       (48…  )       (68…  )       (73…  )       (5…  )       (73…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
                                                                            
14
                                                                            
                                                      Ni…                   
            Year                                      Mo…                   
            End…                                      En…                   
            Dec…                                      Se…                   
             31,                                      30,                   
            2018          2019          2020          20…          2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
             -in                                                            
            tho…                                                            
            exc…                                                            
             for                                                            
            sha…                                                            
             and                                                            
             per                                                            
            sha…                                                            
            amo…                                                            
  In…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  be…       (24…  )       126…          (13…  )       (1…  )       17,…     
  in…                                                                       
  ta…                                                                       
  Pr…                                                                       
  for                                                                       
  (b…       19,…          7,1…          (9,…  )       (2…  )       13,…     
  fr…                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  ta…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…       (25…  )       119…          (12…  )       (1…  )       3,9…     
  (l…                                                                       
  Ad…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  lo…                                                                       
  at…          —             —           747          546           149     
  to                                                                        
  no…                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  at…    $  (25…  )    $  119…       $  (12…  )    $  (1…  )    $  4,0…     
  to                                                                        
  Ap…                                                                       
  sh…                                                                       
  Le…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  at…          —          (42…  )          —            —          (568  )  
  to                                                                        
  pa…                                                                       
  se…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  at…    $  (25…  )    $  76,…       $  (12…  )    $  (1…  )    $  3,5…     
  to                                                                        
  co…                                                                       
  st…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  at…    $  (25…  )    $  76,…       $  (12…  )    $  (1…  )    $  3,5…     
  to                                                                        
  co…                                                                       
  st…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  per                                                                       
  sh…                                                                       
  at…                                                                       
  to                                                                        
  co…                                                                       
  st…                                                                       
  Ba…    $  (1.…  )    $  0.36       $  (0.…  )    $  (0…  )    $  0.01     
  Di…    $  (1.…  )    $  0.36       $  (0.…  )    $  (0…  )    $  0.01     
  We…                                                                       
  av…                                                                       
  co…                                                                       
  sh…                                                                       
  us…                                                                       
  to                                                                        
  co…                                                                       
  net                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  per                                                                       
  sh…                                                                       
  at…                                                                       
  to                                                                        
  co…                                                                       
  st…                                                                       
  Ba…       189…          210…          214…          21…          309…     
  Di…       189…          212…          214…          21…          327…     
                                                                            
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                            
                                                         Nine               
                  Year                                 Months               
                 Ended                                  Ended               
               Decemb…                                 Septe…               
                   31,                                    30,               
                  2018         2019         2020         2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   -in                                                      
               thousa…                                                      
  Cost                                                                      
  of        $      517    $     124    $     982    $     204    $   1,504  
  reven…                                                                    
  Sales                                                                     
  and            2,582        1,922       10,668        2,812        8,814  
  marke…                                                                    
  Resea…                                                                    
  and            1,009        5,009       36,852       10,692       40,148  
  devel…                                                                    
  Gener…                                                                    
  and            1,357        3,167       13,885        5,654       41,362  
  admin…                                                                    
  Total                                                                     
  stock…    $    5,465    $  10,222    $  62,387    $  19,362    $  91,828  
  compe…                                                                    
                                                                            
15
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         Nine               
                 Year                                  Months               
                Ended                                   Ended               
              Decemb…                                 Septem…               
                  31,                                     30,               
                 2018         2019         2020          2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                  -in                                                       
              thousa…                                                       
  Cost                                                                      
  of       $    7,932    $  74,787    $  228,3…    $  137,673    $  273,4…  
  reve…                                                                     
  Sales                                                                     
  and             495        7,641       11,587         8,470       16,008  
  mark…                                                                     
  Total                                                                     
  amor…                                                                     
  expe…                                                                     
  rela…    $    8,427    $  82,428    $  239,9…    $  146,143    $  289,4…  
  to                                                                        
  acqu…                                                                     
  inta…                                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included         
       elsewhere in this prospectus for an explanation of the               
  (3)  method used to compute the historical net income (loss) per share    
       and the number of shares used in the computation of the per share    
       amounts.                                                             
                                                                            
Consolidated Balance Sheets Data
                                                                   
                                   As of September 30, 2021(1)     
                                                (in thousands)     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents     $                    1,049,617     
  Working capital(2)                                 1,056,597     
  Total assets                                       4,567,760     
  Total debt                                         1,749,330     
  Accumulated deficit                               (1,008,320  )  
  Total stockholders’ equity                         2,049,059     
                                                                   
                                                                            
       Subsequent to September 30, 2021, we issued incremental loans in an  
  (1)  aggregate amount of $1.5 billion. See the section                    
       titled “Description of Certain Indebtedness” for additional          
       information.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (2)  Working capital is defined as current assets less current            
       liabilities.                                                         
                                                                            
Non-GAAPFinancial Measures We review a number of operating and financial
metrics, including the following financial measures that were not prepared
in accordance with GAAP to evaluate our business. We use Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of
our overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of
our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the
effectiveness of our business strategies, and to communicate with our
board of directors concerning our financial performance.
                                                                            
                                                     Ni…                    
           Ye…                                       Mo…                    
           En…                                       En…                    
           De…                                       Se…                    
           31,                                       30,                    
           20…           20…          2020           20…           2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                              
           th…                                                              
           ex…                                                              
           pe…                                                              
  N…                                                                        
  i…    $  (2…  )     $  11…       $  (12…  )     $  (1…  )     $  3,9…     
  (…                                                                        
  A…    $  25…        $  30…       $  345…        $  20…        $  505…     
  E…                                                                        
  N…                                                                        
  i…       (5…  )%       12…  %       (8.7  )%       (1…  )%        0.2  %  
  (…                                                                        
  m…                                                                        
  A…                                                                        
  E…       52…  %        30…  %       23.8  %        22…  %        25.3  %  
  m…                                                                        
                                                                            
See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAPFinancial Measures” for a
description of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBTIDA margin and a
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly
comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.

16

RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree
of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below, together with all of the other information in this
prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited
pro forma condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in
this prospectus before making a decision to invest in our Class A common
stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or
prospects could also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties that
are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not
material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely
affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock
could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry We have a limited operating history,
especially with respect to our AppLovin Apps, which makes it difficult to
evaluate our current business and future performance and the risks we may
encounter. Our limited operating history, especially with respect to our
AppLovin Apps, which we launched in 2018, may make it difficult to
evaluate our current business and our future performance. We have
encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties
frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing
industries, such as the mobile app ecosystem, including our ability to:
                                                                         
  •    accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses;  
                                                                         
                                                                            
  •    attract new and retain existing business clients using AppLovin      
       Software Platform and users of our Apps;                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    successfully compete with current and future competitors, some of    
       whom are also our clients;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    successfully expand our business in existing markets and enter new   
       markets and geographies;                                             
                                                                            
                                                                      
  •    successfully execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that  
  •    can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage,                 
       as well as the deployment of new features and services;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    comply with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our  
       business;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the   
       markets in which we operate;                                         
                                                                            
                                                         
  •    establish and maintain our brand and reputation;  
                                                         
                                                                            
  •    adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways businesses and          
       consumers interact with technology;                                  
                                                                            
                                             
  •    effectively manage our rapid growth;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    avoid interruptions or disruptions in our AppLovin Core              
       Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps; and                        
                                                                            
                                                   
  •    hire, integrate, and retain key personnel.  
                                                   
Further, because we have limited historical financial data, including
limited data regarding the integration of our strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any 17

financial planning and forecasting, including predictions about our future
revenue and expenses, may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a
longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. If our
assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan
and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address
these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially
from our expectations. If we fail to address the risks and uncertainties
that we face, including those described elsewhere in this “Risk Factors”
section, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected. Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate
from period-to-period,which could cause the market price of our Class A
common stock to decline. Our results of operations have fluctuated in the
past and are likely to fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarterand
year-to-yearin the future for a variety of reasons, many of which are
outside of our control and difficult to predict. As a result, you should not
rely upon our historical results of operations as indicators of future
performance. Numerous factors can influence our results of operations,
including:
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain and grow our business client and user        
       bases;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to our Core Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or other  
  •    offerings, or the development and introduction of                    
       new software or development of new mobile apps by our studios or     
       our competitors;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to the policies or practices of companies or governmental    
       agencies that determine access to third-party                        
  •    platforms, such as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store,    
       or to our Software Platform, Apps, website, or the internet          
       generally;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to the policies or practices of third-party platforms, such  
       as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store,                    
  •    including with respect to Apple’s Identifier for Advertisers         
       (IDFA), which helps advertisers assess the effectiveness of their    
       advertising efforts, and with respect to transparency regarding      
       data processing;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond our         
       current Software Platform and Apps;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the actions of our competitors, both with respect to their own       
  •    offerings and, to the extent such competitors are also               
       our clients, with respect to their use of our Software Platform;     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       costs and expenses related to the strategic acquisitions and         
       partnerships, including costs related to integrating mobile          
  •    gaming studios or other companies that we acquire, as well as costs  
       and expenses related to the development of our Core Technologies,    
       Software Platform, or Apps;                                          
                                                                            
                                                          
  •    our ability to achieve or maintain profitability;  
                                                          
                                                                            
       increases in and timing of operating expenses that we may incur to   
  •    grow and expand our operations and to remain                         
       competitive;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       system failures or outages, or actual or perceived breaches of       
  •    security or privacy, and the costs associated with                   
       preventing, responding to, or remediating any such outages or        
       breaches;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including      
  •    with respect to privacy and data protection, or actions              
       by governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent    
       decrees;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       charges associated with impairment of any assets on our balance      
  •    sheet or changes in our expected estimated useful life               
       of property and equipment and intangible assets;                     
                                                                            
18
                                                                            
       adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other                  
  •    litigation-related costs and the fees associated with investigating  
       and defending claims;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, such as with   
       respect to privacy and data protection;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by the  
  •    mix of income we earn in the United States and in                    
       jurisdictions with comparatively lower tax rates;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory          
  •    interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the               
       period such laws are enacted or interpretations are issued and may   
       significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period;          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the application of new or changing financial accounting standards    
       or practices; and                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes in regional or global business or macroeconomic conditions,  
  •    including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact     
       the other factors described above.                                   
                                                                            
In particular, it is difficult to predict if, when, or how quickly newly-
launched software may begin to generate revenue or decline in popularity.
Further, we cannot be certain if a new App will become popular amongst users
and generate revenue. The success of our business depends in part on our
ability to develop and enhance our Software Platform and consistently and
timely launch new Apps. It is difficult for us to predict with certainty
when we will expand our Software Platform suite or launch a new App as we
may require longer development schedules or soft launch periods to meet our
quality standards and expectations. If our business clients do not adopt our
new Software Platform offerings, or develop or further invest in their own
competing alternatives, or if we are unable to successfully launch or
acquire new Apps or maintain or improve existing Apps, our business and
results of operations could be adversely affected. Fluctuations in our
results of operations may cause such results to fall below our financial
guidance or the expectations of analysts or investors, which could cause the
market price of our Class A common stock to decline. The mobile app
ecosystem is intensely competitive. If business clients or users prefer our
competitors’ products or services over our own, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We face
significant competition in the mobile app ecosystem. We offer a suite of
solutions for developers to get their mobile apps discovered and downloaded
by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend, and maximize the
monetization of their engagement. We collect revenue from business clients
for fees paid by mobile app advertisers, including developers, that use our
Software Platform and from the sale of advertising inventory of our Apps.
Advertisers often engage with several advertising platforms and networks to
purchase advertisements on mobile apps and developers often engage with
multiple tools to market and monetize their apps. Accordingly, we face
significant competition from traditional, online and mobile businesses that
provide ad networks and platforms, mobile apps and games, media, and other
services for advertisers to reach relevant audiences. We also face
competition from providers of developer tools that enable developers to
reach their audiences or manage or optimize their advertising campaigns.
These companies vary in size and include Facebook, Google, Twitter, and
Unity Software as well as various private companies. Several of these
companies, including Facebook, Google, and Unity Software, are also our
partners and Enterprise Clients. Additionally, our studios build many of our
Apps using the development kits offered by Unity Software. Clients who are
also competitors may decide to invest in their own offerings rather than
continue to use our Software Platform or advertise on our Apps.
Additionally, we also compete with businesses that develop online and mobile
games and other mobile apps, which vary in size and include companies such
as Activision Blizzard, Tencent, and 19

Zynga, as well as other public and private companies. Many of these
companies are also our partners and clients. As we expand our global
operations and mobile app offerings, we increasingly face
competition from high-profile companies with significant online presences
that may introduce new or expanded offerings, such as Apple, Facebook,
Google, Microsoft, and Snap. In addition, other large companies that to date
have not actively focused
on mobile apps or gaming may decide to develop mobile apps or gaming
offerings, such as Amazon’s recently introduced games platform, or partner
with other developers. Some of these current and potential competitors have
significantly greater
resources that can be used to develop, acquire, or brand additional mobile
apps or gaming alternatives, and may have more diversified revenue sources
than we do and therefore may be less severely affected by changes in
consumer preferences,
regulations, or other developments that may impact our business or industry.

Further, as there are relatively low barriers to entry
to develop and publish a mobile app, we expect new competitors to enter the
market and existing competitors to allocate more resources towards
developing and marketing competing games and apps. Because our mobile games
are free to play, our Apps
compete primarily on the basis of user experience rather than price. The
proliferation of apps makes it difficult for us to differentiate ourselves
from our competitors and compete for users and the success of our Apps will
depend in part on our
Software Platform continuing to provide effective marketing and monetization
tools.

We also face competition for advertising
spending and for the discretionary spending, leisure time, and attention of
our users from game platforms such as personal computer and console games,
and other leisure time activities, such as television, movies, music,
sports, and the internet. In
addition, non-game applications for mobile devices, such as social media and
messaging, television, movies, music, dating, and sports, have become
increasingly popular, making the overall mobile app ecosystem
highly fragmented and making it more difficult for any mobile app to
differentiate itself. To the extent we explore new business opportunities in
the mobile app ecosystem or otherwise, we may also compete with established
businesses with more
experience in such areas. Our future growth depends in part on the overall
health of the mobile app ecosystem and in particular, mobile gaming.
Increasing competition could result in decreases in our App users, increased
user acquisition costs,
lower engagement with our Apps, and loss of key personnel, all of which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of
operations.

Some of our current and potential competitors may be domiciled in different
countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory
regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than us, particularly
outside of the United States. Some of our current and potential competitors
may have greater resources, more diversified revenue streams, better
technological or data
analytics capabilities, or stronger brands or competitive positions in
certain product segments, geographic regions, or user demographics than we
do. If business clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or
services over our own, or if
our competitors are better able to adapt to changes in the preferences of
advertisers or users, regulations, or other developments, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem is subject to rapid technological change, and if we
do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging
technologies and business models, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Technology changes rapidly in the mobile app ecosystem. Our future success
depends in part on our ability to adapt to trends and to
innovate. To attract new business clients and users and increase revenue
from our current business clients and users, we will need to enhance and
improve our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps. Enhancements of
our existing technology and
offerings, and new offerings, may not be introduced in a timely or cost-
effective manner and may contain errors or defects.

20

Our business also currently depends in part on the growth and evolution of
the internet, especially mobile internet-enabled devices. The number of
people using mobile internet-enabled devices has increased rapidly over
time, and we expect that this trend will continue. However, the mobile app
ecosystem may not grow in the way we anticipate. We must continually
anticipate and adapt to emerging technologies to stay competitive. As the
technological infrastructure for internet access improves and evolves,
consumers will be presented with more opportunities to access apps and play
games on a variety of devices and platforms and to experience other leisure
activities that may compete with mobile apps. Forecasting the financial
impact of these emerging technologies and business models is inherently
uncertain and volatile. If we decide to support a new technology or business
model in the future, it may require partnering with a new platform,
technology, or business partner, which may be on terms that are less
favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or business models.
To invest in a new technology or expand our offerings, we must invest
financial resources and management attention. We may invest significant
resources in a new offering or in a strategic acquisition or partnership,
which could prove unsuccessful or prevent us from directing these resources
towards other opportunities. We may never recover the often-substantial up-
frontcosts of developing and marketing emerging technologies or business
models, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting management and
financial resources. Further, our competitors may adopt an emerging
technology or business model more quickly or effectively than we do,
creating products that are technologically superior to ours or attract more
users than ours. If, on the other hand, we do not continue to enhance our
Core Technologies, Software Platform, or Apps, or do not appropriately
allocate our resources amongst opportunities, or we otherwise elect not to
pursue new business models that achieve significant commercial success, we
may face adverse consequences. For example, we do not currently offer our
Apps on all devices or all gaming platforms. If the devices on which our
Apps are available decline in popularity or become obsolete faster than
anticipated, or if new platforms emerge other than those on which our games
are offered, we could experience a decline in revenue and in our number of
App users, and we may not achieve the anticipated return on our development
efforts. It may take significant time and expenditures to shift product
development resources to new technologies, and it may be more difficult to
compete against existing products incorporating such technologies. If new
technologies render mobile devices obsolete or we are unable to successfully
adapt to and appropriately allocate our resources amongst current and new
technologies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected. The failure to attract new business clients,
the loss of clients, or a reduction in spending by these clients could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. A significant portion of our revenue is Business Revenue. We
collect Business Revenue from advertisers spending on our Software Platform
and Apps. Business Revenue from our Software Platform, which is mostly from
AppDiscovery, is generated from our advertisers, typically on a performance-
based, cost-per-installbasis, then shared with our advertising publishers,
typically on a cost per impression model. Business Revenue generated from
our Apps comes from advertisers that purchase ad inventory from our diverse
portfolio of mobile games. As is common in the mobile app ecosystem and in
the advertising industry, our business clients do not have long-term
advertising commitments with us. Our success depends in part on our ability
to satisfy our advertising partners. Business Revenue could also be impacted
by a number of other factors, including:
                                                            
  •    our ability to attract and retain business clients;  
                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of our   
       advertising and matching algorithms;                                 
                                                                            
21
                                                                            
       our ability to maintain or increase advertiser demand and            
  •    third-party publisher supply, the quantity, or quality of            
       advertisements shown to users, or our pricing of advertisements;     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to continue to increase user access to and engagement    
       with our Apps;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       mobile app changes or inventory management decisions we may make     
  •    that change the size, format, frequency, or relative                 
       prominence of advertisements displayed on our Apps;                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to recruit, train, and retain personnel to support       
       continued growth of our Software Platform;                           
                                                                            
                                                                        
  •    our ability to establish and maintain our brand and reputation;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       loss of market share to our competitors, including if competitors    
  •    offer lower priced, more integrated, or otherwise more               
       effective products;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the development and success of technologies designed to block the    
       display of advertisements or block our ad measurement                
  •    tools, which have in the past impacted and may in the future impact  
       our business, or technologies that make it easier for users to opt   
       out of behavioral targeting;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and   
       measurement solutions offered by us or third parties                 
  •    that demonstrate the value of our Software Platform to advertisers,  
       developers and publishers, or our ability to further improve such    
       tools;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal        
  •    developments relating to advertising, including                      
       developments that may impact our ability to deliver, target, or      
       measure the effectiveness of advertising;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the    
       effectiveness of advertising, including changes to                   
       policies by mobile operating system and third-party platform         
       providers, and the degree to which users opt out of certain types    
  •    of ad targeting as a result of changes and controls implemented in   
       connection with such policy changes and with the E.U.                
       General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR), ePrivacy Directive,   
       the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA), and the Children’s   
       Online Privacy Protection Act (the COPPA);                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       decisions by business clients to reduce their advertising due to     
       concerns about legal liability or uncertainty regarding              
  •    their own legal and compliance obligations, or due to negative       
       publicity, regardless of its accuracy, involving us, our user data   
       practices, advertising metrics or tools, our Software Platform or    
       Apps, or other companies in our industry; and                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including the impact of the  
       COVID-19                                                             
  •    pandemic and responses thereto, and seasonality, whether in the      
       advertising industry in general, or among specific types of          
       advertisers or within particular geographies.                        
                                                                            
From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our
revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other factors
in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our Software
Platform and use of our Apps, which may reduce the prices we receive for our
advertisements or cause business clients to stop advertising with us
altogether, either of which would adversely affect our business and results
of operations. The failure to attract new business clients, loss of business
clients, or reduction in spending by business clients could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are
unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them, or
continue to improve the experience and monetization of our existing Apps,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected. Our business depends in part on launching or acquiring,
and continuing to service, mobile apps that users will download and spend
time and money using. We have devoted and we expect to 22

continue to devote substantial resources to the research, development,
analytics, and marketing of our Apps. Our development and marketing efforts
are focused on improving the experience of our existing Apps, developing new
Apps, and successfully monetizing our Apps. Our Apps generate revenue
primarily through the sale of advertising, a substantial portion of which
comes from other mobile gaming clients, and in-apppurchases (IAPs). For Apps
distributed through third-party platforms, we are required to share a
portion of the proceeds from in-gamesales with the platform providers, which
share may be subject to changes or increases over time. In order to achieve
and maintain our profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue from
our existing and new Apps to offset our ongoing development, marketing, and
other operating expenses. Successfully monetizing our Apps is difficult and
requires that we deliver user experiences that a sufficient number of users
will pay for through IAPs or we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize
our Apps, including by serving in-appadvertising. The success of our Apps
depends in part on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control
including user preferences, competing apps, new third-party platforms, and
the availability of other entertainment experiences. If our Apps do not meet
user expectations or if they are not brought to market in a timely and
effective manner, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. In addition, our ability to successfully launch or acquire Apps
and their ability to achieve commercial success will depend in part on our
ability to:
                                                               
  •    effectively market our Apps to existing and new users;  
                                                               
                                                                            
  •    achieve a positive return on investment from our marketing and user  
       acquisition costs or achieve organic user growth;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       adapt to changing trends, user preferences, new technologies, and    
       new feature sets for mobile and other devices,                       
  •    including determining whether to invest in development for any new   
       technologies, and achieve a positive return on the costs associated  
       with such adaptation;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       continue to adapt mobile app feature sets for an increasingly        
  •    diverse set of mobile devices, including various operating           
       systems and specifications, limited bandwidth, and varying           
       processing power and screen sizes;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    achieve and maintain successful user engagement and effectively      
       monetize our Apps;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       develop mobile games that can build upon or become franchise games   
  •    and expand and enhance our mobile games after their                  
       initial releases;                                                    
                                                                            
                                              
  •    develop Apps other than mobile games;  
                                              
                                                                      
  •    identify and execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;  
                                                                      
                                                      
  •    attract advertisers to advertise on our Apps;  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    partner with third-party platforms and obtain featuring              
       opportunities;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    compete successfully against a large and growing number of           
       competitors;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations,        
  •    including mobile app and feature development, marketing,             
       and user acquisition;                                                
                                                                            
                                                      
  •    minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages;  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    acquire, or invest in, and successfully integrate high quality       
       mobile app companies or technologies; and                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other    
       key personnel from such acquisitions and investments.                
                                                                            
23

These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will
succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if successful,
certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games, may have a relatively
short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand into additional genres of mobile
games or additional categories of mobile apps, we will face risks as well as
market, legal and regulatory challenges specific to those genres or
categories. For example, in mid-coregames, there is typically a higher
upfront investment prior to the launch of a game compared to casual games,
which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose us to greater
risks as our financial condition and results of operations will be more
significantly adversely affected to the extent such a game does not become
popular and commercially successful. If we are not successful in launching
new mobile games or expanding into other genres of mobile games or
categories of mobile apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to retain existing users
or add new users cost-effectively, or if our users decrease their level of
engagement with Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. The size of our user base and the
level of user engagement with our Apps are critical to our success. Our
results of operations have been and will continue to be significantly
determined by our success in acquiring and engaging App users. We expect
that the number of our App users may fluctuate or decline in one or more
markets from time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved
higher penetration rates. In addition, if people do not perceive our Apps as
useful or entertaining, we may not be able to attract or retain users or
otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their
engagement, which could harm our revenue. A number of mobile apps that
achieved early popularity have since seen their user bases or user
engagement levels decline. There is no guarantee that we will not experience
a similar erosion of our App users or user engagement levels. Our user
engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be
difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different Apps.
Any number of factors can adversely affect user growth and engagement,
including if:
                                                                            
       users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors    
  •    or mobile apps in categories other than those of our                 
       Apps;                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find engaging   
  •    or that achieve a high level of market acceptance or                 
       we introduce new Apps, or make changes to existing Apps that are     
       not favorably received;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the    
  •    decisions we make with respect to the frequency,                     
       prominence, format, size, and quality of advertisements that we      
       display;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing   
  •    our Apps as a result of actions by us or third                       
       parties;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    we are unable to continue to develop Apps that work with a variety   
       of mobile operating systems and networks; and                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       questions about the quality of our Apps, our data practices or       
  •    concerns related to privacy and sharing of personal                  
       information and other user data, safety, security, or other          
       factors.                                                             
                                                                            
Additionally, we expect it will become increasingly difficult and more
expensive for us to acquire users for our Apps for a variety of reasons,
including the increasingly competitive nature of the mobile app ecosystem
and the significant amount of time and attention users are dedicating to
competing entertainment options. Further, we believe that changes that Apple
has implemented during the last several years to its platform, particularly
the removal of the Top Grossing rankings and decreasing the prominence of
the Top Free rankings, may adversely affect the number of organic downloads
of our 24

Apps. If our competitors increase their user acquisition spending, we could
experience higher costs per an install for our Apps, which would adversely
affect our revenue and margins. Furthermore, our spending on user
acquisition is based on certain assumptions about their projected behavior,
particularly for new Apps for which we do not have similar Apps in our
portfolio to aid us in our modeling efforts. If we are unable to grow our
user base and increase our user engagement levels, or unable to do so cost
effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected. We have experienced significant growth through
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, and we face risks related to the
integration of such acquisitions and the management of such growth. As part
of our growth strategy, we have frequently acquired companies, businesses,
personnel, and technologies in the past, and we intend to continue to
evaluate and pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships. For example,
from the beginning of 2018 through September 30, 2021, we have invested over
$2.5 billion across more than 26 strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
including for the acquisition of PeopleFun, Inc. in the first quarter of
2018, MAX Advertising Systems, Inc. in the third quarter of 2018, SafeDK
Mobile Ltd. in July 2019, Machine Zone, Inc. (Machine Zone) in May 2020, and
adjust GmbH (Adjust) in April 2021. Each of these acquisitions requires
unique approaches to integration due to, among other reasons, the structure
of the acquisitions, the size, locations, and cultural differences among
their teams and ours, and has required, and will continue to require,
attention from our management team. As we continue to grow, the size of our
acquisitions and investments may increase. For instance, our acquisitions of
Machine Zone and Adjust were our largest acquisitions to date. In addition
to the larger purchase prices associated with such acquisitions and
investments, larger acquisitions and investments may also require additional
management resources to integrate more significant and often more complex
businesses into our company. We will continue to explore and evaluate
additional acquisitions, some of which may be the same size or even larger
in scale and investment than the Machine Zone and Adjust acquisitions. Our
future success depends in part on our ability to integrate these
acquisitions and manage these businesses, partnerships, and transactions
effectively. If we are unable to obtain the anticipated benefits or
synergies of such acquisitions, or we encounter difficulties integrating
acquired businesses with ours, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. Challenges and risks from
such strategic acquisitions and partnerships include:
                                                                            
       diversion of our management’s attention in the acquisition and       
  •    integration process, including oversight over                        
       acquired businesses which continue their operations under            
       contingent consideration provisions in acquisition agreements;       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from        
  •    changes in compensation, or changes in management,                   
       reporting relationships, or future performance;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the need to integrate the operations, systems, technologies,         
       products, and personnel of each acquired company, the                
  •    inefficiencies and lack of control that may result if such           
       integration is delayed or not implemented, and unforeseen            
       difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with      
       integration;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the need to implement internal controls, procedures, and policies    
       appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at               
       companies that prior to acquisition may not have as robust           
       controls, procedures, and policies, in particular, with respect to   
  •    the effectiveness of internal controls, cyber and information        
       security practices and incident response plans, compliance           
       with privacy and other regulations protecting the rights of clients  
       and users, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies and      
       sanctions which may not have previously been applicable to the       
       acquired company’s operations;                                       
                                                                            
25
                                                                            
       the difficulty in accurately forecasting and accounting for the      
       financial impact of an acquisition transaction,                      
       including accounting charges, write-offs of deferred revenue under   
  •    purchase accounting, and integrating and reporting results for       
       acquired companies that have not historically followed generally     
       accepted accounting principles in the United States                  
       (GAAP);                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the implementation of restructuring actions and cost reduction       
  •    initiatives to streamline operations and improve cost                
       efficiencies;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the fact that we may be required to pay contingent consideration in  
  •    excess of the initial fair value, and contingent                     
       consideration may become payable at a time when we do not have       
       sufficient cash available to pay such consideration;                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate           
       operations across different cultures and languages and to            
  •    address the particular economic, currency, political, and            
       regulatory risks associated with specific countries as well as tax   
       risks that may arise from the acquisition;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       increasing legal, regulatory, and compliance exposure, and the       
       additional costs related to mitigate each of those, as a             
  •    result of adding new offices, employees and other service            
       providers, benefit plans, equity, job types, and lines of business   
       globally; and                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       liability for activities of the acquired company before the          
       acquisition, including intellectual property, commercial,            
  •    and other litigation claims or disputes, cyber and information       
       security vulnerabilities, violations of laws, rules and              
       regulations, including with respect to employee classification, tax  
       liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.                
                                                                            
If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage our acquisitions and
strategic partnerships, we may not realize the expected benefits of such
transactions or become exposed to additional liabilities, and our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. We face a number of risks related to these
transactions. We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations
with additional strategic acquisitions or partnerships, strategic
collaborations, joint ventures, or licensing arrangements. As we continue to
grow, these transactions may be larger and require significant investments,
such as our acquisitions of Machine Zone and Adjust and our pending
acquisition of MoPub. We may be unable to identify or complete prospective
acquisitions or partnerships for many reasons, including our ability to
identify suitable targets, increasing competition from other potential
acquirers, the effects of consolidation in our industries, potentially high
valuations of acquisition candidates, and the availability of financing to
complete larger acquisitions. Even if we do complete any such transactions,
we may incur significant costs, such as professional service fees. In
addition, applicable antitrust laws and other regulations may limit our
ability to acquire targets, particularly larger targets, or force us to
divest an acquired business. If we are unable to identify suitable targets
or complete acquisitions, our growth prospects could be adversely affected,
and we may not be able to realize sufficient scale and technological
advantages to compete effectively in all markets. Further, completing larger
acquisitions or other strategic transactions is significantly riskier in
that such transactions require additional consideration and management
attention to complete, and could introduce additional exposure to regulatory
and compliance risk. To complete these transactions, we may need to spend
large amounts of cash, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms,
if at all, or issue equity or equity-linked consideration, which may dilute
our current stockholders. For example, in connection with our acquisition of
Adjust in April 2021, we issued convertible securities that converted into
an aggregate of 6,320,688 shares of our Class A common stock. Further, we
generally devote more time and resources towards performing diligence on
larger transactions and may be 26

required to devote more resources towards regulatory requirements in
connection with such transactions. To the extent that we do not perform
sufficient diligence on a larger acquisition or such a
transaction does not generate the expected benefits, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations will be harmed, and to a greater extent
than would occur with a smaller transaction.

Absent such strategic transactions, we would need to undertake additional
development or commercialization activities at our own
expense. If we elect to fund and undertake such additional efforts on our
own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital,
which may not be available to our company on acceptable terms, if at all. If
we are unable to do any of
the foregoing, we may not be able to develop our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, and Apps effectively or achieve our expected product roadmap on a
timely basis, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of
operations.

The benefits of a strategic acquisition or partnership may also take
considerable time to develop, and we cannot be
certain that any particular strategic acquisition or partnership will
produce the intended benefits. Further, acquisitions could result in
potential dilutive issuances of equity securities, use of significant cash
balances or incurrence of debt (and
increased interest expense), contingent liabilities or amortization expenses
related to intangible assets, or write-offs of goodwill and intangible
assets. If we are unable to identify and complete strategic acquisitions or
partnerships, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships may expose us to tax risks.

From time to time, we have acquired and may acquire companies, assets,
businesses, and technologies and we
have entered into and may enter into other strategic partnerships and
transactions. We face a variety of tax risks related to such transactions,
including that we may be required to make tax withholdings in various
jurisdictions in connection with
such transactions or as part of our continuing operations following a
transaction, and that the companies or businesses we acquire may cause us to
alter our international tax structure or otherwise create more complexity
with respect to tax matters.
Additionally, while we typically include indemnification provisions in our
definitive agreements related to strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
these indemnification provisions may be insufficient in the event that tax
liabilities are greater
than expected or in areas that are not fully covered by indemnification. If
we are unable to adequately predict and address such tax issues as they
arise, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios, and
a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our ability to launch new
Apps as well as our brand and reputation.

From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with
mobile gaming studios (our Partner Studios). We have historically allowed
these Partner Studios to continue their operations with a degree of
autonomy. In certain of these transactions, we have bought games from such
Partner Studios and entered into
development agreements whereby such Partner Studios provide us support in
developing and improving games and grant us a right of first refusal with
respect to future games. These agreements typically have a fixed term, after
which our Partner
Studios may choose not to continue working with us. Any deterioration in our
relationship with these Partner Studios may harm our ability to monetize the
games we purchase and launch future mobile games developed by these Partner
Studios and may
lead to such Partner Studios choosing not to renew their partnerships with
us. Further, if a Partner Studio becomes dissatisfied with us, our brand and
reputation may be harmed and we may have more difficulty entering into
similar partnerships in
the future. Additionally, our international Partner Studios may be located
in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes or

27

more potential risks, which may increase our costs to maintain such
strategic partnership. If we are unable to maintain any of these
partnerships, we may be required to invest significant
resources in expanding our other studios or entering into agreements with
additional mobile gaming studios in order to continue producing the same
volume and quality of Apps, and our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be
adversely affected.

We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect revenue,
and if our ability to do so is harmed, or such third-party platforms change
their policies in such a way that restricts our business, increases our
expenses, or limits the information we derive from our Apps, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem depends in part on a relatively small number of
third-party distribution platforms, such
as the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook, some of which
are direct competitors. We derive significant revenue from the distribution
of our Apps through these third-party platforms and almost all of our IAPs
are made through the
payment processing systems of these third-party platforms. We are subject to
the standard policies and terms of service of such third-party platforms,
which generally govern the promotion, distribution, content, and operation
of applications on such
platforms. Each platform provider has broad discretion to change and
interpret its terms of service and other policies with respect to us and
other mobile app companies, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. A
platform provider may also change
its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and use of its
platform, alter how mobile apps are labeled or are able to advertise on its
platform, change how the personal information of its users is made available
to developers on its
platform, limit the use of personal information for advertising purposes,
restrict how users can share information on its platform or across
platforms, or significantly increase the level of compliance or requirements
necessary to use its platform.
For example, in June 2020, Apple announced a plan to overhaul IDFA as part
of a new proposed application tracking transparency framework that, among
other things, would require opt-in consent for certain types
of tracking. This transparency framework, which began being rolled out in
late April 2021, has had a limited impact and may in the future have an
impact on the effectiveness of our advertising practices and/or our ability
to efficiently generate
revenue for our Apps. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with data that
helps our Software Platform better market and monetize Apps. The proposed
IDFA and transparency changes may require us to engage in significant
changes to our data collection
practices, which may require our expenditure of substantial costs and
resources, and to the extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar
offering, or if the transparency changes and any related opt-in or
other requirements result in decreases in the availability or utility of
data relating to Apps, our Software Platform may not be as effective, we may
not be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps, and
our revenue and results
of operations may be harmed. Additionally, Apple implemented new
requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy and data processing
practices in December 2020, which has resulted in increased compliance
requirements and could result in
decreased usage of our Apps. These or any similar changes to the policies of
Apple or Google may materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

If we violate, or a distribution platform provider believes we have
violated, a distribution platform’s terms of service, or if
there is any change or deterioration in our relationship with such
distribution provider, that platform provider could limit or discontinue our
access to its platform. For example, in August 2020, Apple and Google
removed a mobile game developed by
one of our competitors from their platforms for violating their standard
policies and terms of service. If one of our distribution platform partners
were to limit or discontinue the distribution of our Apps on their platform,
it could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We also rely on the continued popularity, user adoption, and
functionality of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these platform
providers have been unavailable for short periods of time or

28

experienced issues with their in-app purchasing functionality. In addition,
third-party platforms also impose certain file size limitations, which may
limit the ability of users to download some of our larger Apps in over-the-
air updates. Aside from these
over-the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size could cause
users to delete our mobile games once the file size grows beyond the
capacity of their
devices’ storage limitations or could reduce the number of downloads of
these mobile games.

If issues arise with third-party
platforms that impact the visibility or availability of our Apps, our users’
ability to access our Apps or our ability to monetize our Apps, or otherwise
impact the design or effectiveness of our Software Platform, our business,
financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our revenue has been concentrated in various ways and the loss of, or a
significant reduction in, any such revenue source, or our failure to
successfully expand and diversify our revenue sources could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We have historically experienced revenue concentration with respect to
certain Apps as well as other facets of our business. Our future
success depends, in part, on launching or acquiring and successfully
monetizing additional Apps and on establishing and maintaining successful
relationships with a diverse set of business clients. While our Apps consist
of over 350 mobile games,
currently a limited number of those are responsible for a significant
portion of our revenue. In the nine months ended September 30, 2021, three
games, Project Makeover, Matchington Mansion, and Wordscapes, collectively
represented
approximately 31% of our revenue. The loss or failure to successfully
monetize one of these Apps could have a significant impact on our results of
operations. Similarly, our future success depends, in part, on the ability
of our Owned Studios and
Partner Studios to launch and monetize additional mobile games and other
mobile apps, as well as, on our ability to successfully acquire and monetize
additional mobile games and other mobile apps, and these Apps may not
successfully diversify our
revenue concentration. If we are unable to successfully launch or acquire
new Apps, our reliance on a limited number of Apps may increase.
Additionally, certain genres of games typically rely on only a small portion
of their total users for a
significant amount of their revenue, and as we expand our number of Apps in
these genres, such as mid-core, we may experience these effects and need to
attract, engage, and increase the spending levels of
these particular users to achieve success.

More generally, we face concentration risk in that our Software Platform and
Apps
operate in the mobile app ecosystem and specifically mobile gaming. As such,
our business depends, in part, on the continued health and growth of these
app ecosystems. Further, a significant amount of our total revenue is
derived through a limited
number of third-party distribution platforms, such as the Apple App Store,
the Google Play Store, and Facebook. Because Facebook and Google are also
significant partners of Adjust, a deterioration in our or Adjust’s
relationship with such
companies would have a greater impact on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. If any of these concentrated portions of our
revenue are harmed or are lost, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be
adversely affected.

We have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be indicative of our
future growth. We may be unable to effectively manage the growth of our
business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

We have experienced rapid growth in the scale, scope, and complexity of our
business. For example, while we only launched our Apps in
2018, today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over
350 free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by eighteen studios.
Our growth in any
prior period should not be relied upon as an indication of our future
performance, as we may not be able to sustain our growth rate in the future.
Even if our revenue continues to increase, we expect

29

that our revenue growth rate may decline in the future as a result of a
variety of factors, including because of more difficult comparisons to prior
periods and the saturation of the market. The overall growth of our revenue
depends in part on our ability to execute on our growth strategies.
Additionally, the growth and expansion of our business has placed and
continues to place a significant strain on our management, operations,
financial infrastructure, and corporate culture. Our future success depends
in part on our ability to manage this expanded business and to continue to
grow both our Software Platform and Apps. If not managed effectively, this
growth could result in the over-extension of our management systems and
information technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may
not be adequate to support this growth. Failure to adequately manage our
growth in any of these ways may cause damage to our brand and reputation and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Our future growth may involve expansion into new business
opportunities, and any efforts to do so that are unsuccessful or are not
cost-effective could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. In the past, we have grown by expanding our offerings
into new business opportunities and we expect to continue to do so. We have
dedicated resources to expanding into adjacent business opportunities in
which large competitors have an established presence, as was the case with
our Apps. Additionally, our future growth may include expansion into
additional genres of mobile games, other mobile app sectors, or other
opportunities which may require significant investment in order to launch
and which may not be prove successful. Further, any such expansion may
subject us to new or additional laws and regulations, compliance with which
may be burdensome and costly. Our future growth depends in part on our
ability to correctly identify areas of investment and to cost-effectively
execute on our plans. We have in the past and may in the future expend
significant resources in connection with strategic acquisitions and
partnerships to expand into new business opportunities. Even if successful,
the growth of any new business opportunity could create significant
challenges for our management and operational resources and could require
considerable investment. The deployment of significant resources towards a
new opportunity that proves unsuccessful, or our inability to choose the
correct investment opportunities for our future, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our international
operations are subject to increased challenges and risks. We expect to
continue to expand our international operations in the future by opening new
offices, entering into strategic partnerships with new international game
studios, acquiring companies that may have international operations, and
providing our Apps in additional countries and languages. For example, our
studios that we own (Owned Studios) and others that we partner with (Partner
Studios) are located throughout the world, including in areas with less
certain legal and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, such as China
and Vietnam. In particular, we face uncertainties relating to our business
in China. We maintain subsidiaries located in China, which include a small
portion of our workforce (less than 5% of our total employees as of
September 30, 2021). In addition, we currently work with Partner Studios in
China. For the nine months ended September 30, 2021, less than 30% of our
total research and development expenses were spent with our Partner Studios
in China. Due to the nature of the Partner Studios relationships, this
research and development spending could be shifted to Partner Studios
located in other jurisdictions over time if necessary or desired. Laws and
regulations in China may not be as protective as in other jurisdictions, and
specifically, we face additional risks in China due to the limited
historical recognition and enforcement of intellectual property rights.
Expanding our international operations may subject us to risks associated
with:
                                                                            
  •    recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and         
       employees in foreign countries;                                      
                                                                            
30
                                                      
  •    the diversion of senior management attention;  
                                                      
                                                                           
  •    challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       developing and customizing Software Platform and Apps that appeal    
  •    to the tastes and preferences of users in                            
       international markets;                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the inability to offer certain Software Platform or Apps in certain  
       foreign countries;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       competition from local mobile app developers with intellectual       
  •    property rights and significant market share in those                
       markets and with a better understanding of user preferences;         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    utilizing, protecting, defending, and enforcing our intellectual     
       property rights;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       negotiating agreements with local distribution platforms that are    
  •    sufficiently economically beneficial to us and                       
       protective of our rights;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content,    
       or technology into new jurisdictions;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       implementing alternative payment methods for features and virtual    
  •    goods in a manner that complies with local laws and                  
       practices and protects us from fraud;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, including   
       anti-bribery laws, privacy laws, and laws relating to                
  •    content and consumer protection (for example, the United Kingdom’s   
       Office of Fair Trading’s 2014 principles relating to IAPs in         
       free-to-play games that are                                          
       directed toward children 16 and under);                              
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;  
                                                        
                                             
  •    currency exchange rate fluctuations;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    protectionist laws and business practices that favor local           
       businesses in certain countries;                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       double taxation of our international earnings and potentially        
  •    adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws in           
       the United States or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;  
                                                                            
                                                     
  •    political, economic, and social instability;  
                                                     
                                                                            
       public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can       
  •    result in varying                                                    
       impacts to our employees, clients, users, advertisers, app           
       developers, and business partners internationally;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    higher costs associated with doing business internationally,         
       including costs related to local advisors;                           
                                                                            
                                          
  •    export or import regulations; and  
                                          
                                       
  •    trade and tariff restrictions.  
                                       
Our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular
international market is uncertain and, in the past, we have experienced
difficulties and have not been successful in all the countries we have
entered. If we are unable to continue to expand internationally or manage
the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our business depends in part on our ability to increase in-apppurchases,
manage the economies in our Apps and respond to changes with respect to in-
apppurchases, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Our business and future
growth depend in part on our ability to increase the amount of IAPs in our
Apps, which requires our studios to effectively design mobile games and
other apps that create features and virtual goods for which users will pay.
Users make IAPs because of the perceived in-app 31

value of virtual goods, which is dependent on the relative ease of obtaining
an equivalent good by playing our mobile games. The perceived in-app value
of
these virtual goods can be impacted by various actions that we take in the
mobile games including offering discounts for virtual goods, giving away
virtual goods in promotions, or providing easier non-paid
means to secure these goods. Managing virtual economies is difficult and
relies on our assumptions and judgement. Further, changes in user
preferences, including with respect to how they interact with mobile apps
and general views towards IAPs,
could decrease levels of spending on IAPs on our Apps and in the mobile app
ecosystem generally. If we fail to manage our virtual economies properly or
fail to promptly and successfully respond to any disruption in such
economies, our reputation may
be harmed and our users may be less likely to play our mobile games and to
purchase virtual goods from us in the future, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

In addition, changes in the policies of Apple, Google, or other third-party
platforms, or changes in accounting policies promulgated by
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and national accounting
standards bodies affecting software and virtual goods revenue recognition,
could further significantly affect the way we report revenue related to
IAPs, which could adversely
affect our results of operations. Any changes in user, third-party platform,
or regulator views towards IAPs, or any inability by us to respond to
changing trends with respect to IAPs, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and
results of operations.

We are highly dependent on our co-founderand chief executive officer, as
well as our senior management team, and our business and growth may be
adversely affected if we fail to attract, retain, and motivate key
personnel.

Our future success depends in significant part on the continued service of
our key management and engineering personnel, including our co-founder, CEO,
and Chairperson, Adam Foroughi. Our ability to compete and grow depends in
part on the efforts and talents of these employees and executives, who are
important to our vision, strategic direction,
culture, products, and technology. We do not have employment agreements,
other than offer letters, with Mr. Foroughi or other members of our senior
management team, and we do not maintain key-man
insurance for members of our senior management team. The loss of Mr.
Foroughi or any other member of our senior management team could cause
disruption and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or
results of operations.

In addition, our ability to execute our strategy depends in part on our
continued ability and the continued ability of our Partner
Studios to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled
employees, particularly in the competitive fields of game development,
product management, engineering, and data science. We believe that our
corporate culture has been an
important factor in our ability to hire and retain key employees, and if we
are unable to maintain our corporate culture as we grow, we may be unable to
foster the innovation, creativity, and teamwork we believe we need to
support our growth. While
we believe we compete favorably, competition for highly skilled employees is
intense, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters
is located. Interviewing, hiring, and integrating new employees has been and
will continue to be
particularly challenging during the COVID-19 pandemic. As part of our global
remote working plans, throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, we
will devote
increased efforts to maintaining our collaborative culture, including
through the use of videoconferencing and other online communication and
sharing tools, and to monitoring the health, safety, morale, and
productivity of our employees, including
new employees, as we evaluate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our
business and employees. If we are unable to identify, hire, and retain
highly skilled employees, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

We have historically hired a number of key personnel and added additional
team
members working on our Apps through strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
and as competition within the

32

mobile app ecosystem for attractive target companies with a skilled employee
base persists and increases, we may incur significant expenses and
difficulty in continuing this practice. The loss of
talented employees with experience in the assets we acquire could result in
significant disruptions to our business and the integration of acquired
assets and businesses. If we do not succeed in recruiting, retaining, and
motivating these key
employees, we may not achieve the anticipated results of acquisitions.

Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user
data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber
incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

The mobile app ecosystem is prone to cyberattacks by third parties seeking
unauthorized access to our data or the data of our clients or
users or to disrupt our ability to provide service. Our Software Platform,
Apps, and other offerings involve the collection, storage, processing, and
transmission of a large amount of data, including personal information, and
we and our third-party
service providers otherwise store and process information, including our
confidential and proprietary business information, and personal information
and other information relating to our employees and business clients or
other third parties. We also
store and implement measures designed to secure the source code for our
Software Platform and Apps as they are created. Any failure to prevent or
mitigate security breaches or incidents impacting our systems or other
systems used in our business, or
improper access to or disclosure of our data, including source code, or user
data, including personal information, content, or payment information from
users, or information from business clients or other third parties, that is
stored or otherwise
processed in our business, could result in the unauthorized loss,
modification, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of such data, or
unavailability of data or of our Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings. Any such event, or the perception
it has occurred, could adversely affect our business and reputation, damage
our operations, result in claims, litigation or regulatory investigations or
enforcement actions, fines, penalties, or other liability or obligations,
and diminish our
competitive position. In particular, a breach or incident, whether physical,
electronic, or otherwise, impacting systems on which source code or other
sensitive data are stored could lead to loss, disruption, unavailability, or
piracy of, or damage
to, our offerings, lost or reduced ability to protect our intellectual
property, and diminished competitive position.

Computer
malware (including ransomware), viruses, social engineering (predominantly
spear phishing attacks or credential stuffing), and general hacking have
become more prevalent in the mobile app ecosystem. Some of these have
occurred on our systems and
otherwise in our business in the past, and we expect will continue to occur
in the future. We regularly encounter attempts to create false or
undesirable user accounts or take other actions for purposes such as
spamming or other objectionable ends.
Any actual or attempted breaches, incidents, or attacks may cause
disruptions or interruptions to our Software Platform, Apps, or other
offerings, degrade the user experience, impair, disrupt, or interrupt our
internal systems and other systems and
networks used in our business, or adversely affect our reputation, business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Our efforts to protect our
data, user data, and information from clients, partners, and other third
parties, and to disable
or otherwise respond to undesirable activities on our Software Platform,
Apps, or other offerings, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs or
other technical defects, errors, or malfunctions; employee, contractor,
vendor, or partner error or
malfeasance, including defects or vulnerabilities in information technology
systems or offerings; cyberattacks, attacks designed to disrupt systems or
facilities, or breaches of physical security of our facilities or technical
infrastructure; or
other threats that evolve. Additionally, any such breach, incident, attack,
malfunction, defect, or vulnerability, or the perception that any of these
has occurred, may cause clients or users to lose confidence and trust in our
Software Platform or
Apps and otherwise harm our reputation and market position.

In addition, some developers or other business partners, such as those
that help us measure the effectiveness of advertisements, may receive or
store information provided by us or by our users

33

through mobile or web apps or other means. These third parties may
misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. If
these third parties fail to adopt or adhere to adequate
data security practices, or experience a breach of, or other security
incident impacting, their networks or systems, our data or our users’ data
may be lost, destroyed, or improperly accessed, modified, disclosed, or
otherwise misused. In such
an event, or if such an event is perceived to have occurred, we may suffer
damage to our reputation, may have increased costs arising from the
restoration or implementation of additional security measures, and we may
face claims, demands,
investigations and other proceedings by private parties or governmental
actors, and fines, penalties, and other liability or obligations, any of
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. Any theft or
unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential
business information as a result of such an event could also adversely
affect our business, competitive position, and results of operations.

Cyberattacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently
may be difficult to detect for long periods of time.
Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to
protect our data, user data, and information from our partners; to prevent
data loss, disable undesirable accounts and activities on our Software
Platform or Apps; and to prevent
and detect security breaches; we cannot assure you that such measures will
provide comprehensive security, that we will be able to identify breaches or
other incidents or to react to them in a timely manner or that our
remediation efforts will be
successful. We experience cyberattacks and other security incidents of
varying degrees from time to time, and we may incur significant costs in
investigating, protecting against, litigating, or remediating such
incidents. We may face increased risks
of cyberattacks and other security incidents during the COVID-19 pandemic as
a result of more employees working remotely, our use of third-party systems
designed to enable the transition to a remote workforce
introducing security risks and increased cyberattacks, such as phishing
attacks by threat actors using the attention placed on the COVID-19 pandemic
as a method for targeting personnel.

Additionally, our Software Platform and other offerings operate in
conjunction with, and we are dependent upon, third-party products,
services, and components. Our ability to monitor our third-party service
providers’ data security is limited, and in any event, attackers may be able
to circumvent our third-party service providers’ data security measures.
There have been
and may continue to be significant attacks on certain third-party providers,
and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party providers’ systems and
networks have not been breached or that they do not contain exploitable
defects or bugs that
could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the
systems and networks of third parties that support us and our platform and
service. If there is a security vulnerability, error, or other bug in one of
these third-party
products, services, and components and if there is a security exploit
targeting them, we could face increased costs, claims, liability, and
additional or new obligations, reduced revenue, and harm to our reputation
or competitive position. We and
our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques, react,
remediate or otherwise address any security vulnerability, breach or other
security incident in a timely manner, or implement adequate preventative
measures.

In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are making
significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and
content review efforts to combat misuse of our services and user data by
third parties. As a result of these efforts, we anticipate that we will
discover incidents of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by
third parties. We may not
discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data
limitations, the scale of activity on our Software Platform, challenges
related to our personnel working remotely during the COVID-19
pandemic, the re-allocation of resources to other projects, or other
factors, and we may be notified of such incidents or activity by users, the
media, or other third parties. Such incidents and activities
have in the past, and may in the future, include the use or other processing
of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms,
contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts,
improper

34

advertising practices, activities that threaten people’s safety on- or
offline or instances of spamming, scraping, data harvesting, or unsecured
datasets. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies
or otherwise remediate or respond to any such incidents effectively or in a
timely manner. Any of the foregoing developments, or any reports of them
occurring or the
perception that any of them has occurred, could adversely affect user trust
and engagement, harm our brand and reputation, require us to change our
business practices, result in claims, demands, investigations and other
proceedings by private
parties or governmental actors, and fines, penalties, and other liability or
obligations, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and
abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, a
number of which also provide a private right of action. Affected users or
government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us
in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches or improper
access to or disclosure
of data, which has occurred in the past and which could cause us to incur
significant expense and liability, distract management and technical
personnel, and result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our
business practices. Such
actual or perceived incidents or our efforts to remediate such incidents may
also result in a decline in our active user base or engagement levels. Any
of these events could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial
condition, or results
of operations.

Our insurance coverage may not extend to all types of privacy and data
security breaches or other incidents, and it
may be insufficient to cover all costs and expenses associated with such
incidents. Further, such insurance may not continue to be available to us in
the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all, and insurers may
deny us coverage as to any
future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against
us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in
our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of
large deductible or
co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, including our reputation, financial condition, or results of
operations.

We anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and we may
not be able to achieve or maintain our profitability in any given period. If
we cannot achieve or maintain our profitability, our business could be
adversely affected.

Although we have been profitable on a GAAP basis and had positive cash flow
from operations in certain prior periods, we may
not always achieve sufficient revenue or manage our expenses in order to
achieve positive cash flow from operations or profitability in any given
period. Our operating expenses may continue to rise as we implement
additional initiatives designed to
increase revenue, potentially including: developing our Software Platform
and technology stack, expanding our Software Platform, launching Apps,
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, business client and user
acquisition spending, international
expansion, hiring additional employees, and taking other steps to strengthen
and grow our company. We are likely to recognize costs associated with these
investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on
these investments
may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. We also anticipate
that the costs of acquiring new business clients and mobile app users, and
otherwise marketing our Software Platform and Apps, will continue to rise.
Further, we may
continue to incur significant costs in connection with strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, which costs may increase or become more
concentrated to the extent we enter into larger transactions. If we are not
able to maintain positive cash flow
in the long term, we may require additional financing, which may not be
available on favorable terms or at all, and which may be dilutive to our
stockholders. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and
manage our expenses, we may incur
significant losses in the future and may not be able to maintain positive
cash flow from operations or profitability.

35

Our Software Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems, rely on
software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or
vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to address or mitigate
technical limitations in our systems, could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our Software Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems, rely on
software and hardware that is highly technical and complex. In
addition, our Software Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems,
depend in part on the ability of such software and hardware to store,
retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data. The software and
hardware on which we rely has
contained, and will in the future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities
and our systems are subject to certain technical limitations that may
compromise our ability to meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs, or
vulnerabilities inherently may be
difficult to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been
released for external or internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design
defects, or technical limitations within the software and hardware on which
we rely have in the past
led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes including a negative
experience for clients and users who use our offerings, compromised ability
of our offerings to perform in a manner consistent with our terms,
contracts, or policies, delayed
product or App launches or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing
errors, compromised ability to protect the data of our users and/or our
intellectual property, or reductions in our ability to provide some or all
of our services. To the
extent such errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects impact our Software
Platform or the accuracy of data in any such Software Platform, our clients
may become dissatisfied with our offerings, our brand and reputation may be
harmed, and we may make
operational decisions, such as with respect to our Apps using such Software
Platform or any future strategic acquisition, that are based on inaccurate
data. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems or the
software and hardware on
which we rely, failures to properly address or mitigate the technical
limitations in our systems, or associated degradations or interruptions of
service or failures to fulfill our commitments to our clients may lead to
outcomes including damage to
our reputation, increased product engineering expenses, regulatory
inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines, damages, or other remedies,
any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to maintain and scale our
technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption to our Software
Platform or Apps could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of
engagement, and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

Our reputation and ability to attract and retain our business clients and
users depends in part on the reliable performance of our
Software Platform and Apps. We have in the past experienced, and may in the
future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our
offerings from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or
may not operate with
the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or
outages that could be harmful to our business. If our offerings are
unavailable when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as
quickly as expected, users may not
use our offerings as often in the future, or at all, which could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. As we continue to grow, we
will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including
network capacity and computing
power, to continue to satisfy our needs and the needs of our business
clients and users. It is possible that we may fail to continue to
effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these
increased demands, which may
adversely affect our user engagement and revenue growth. Additionally, we
rely in part on third-party data centers and cloud hosting infrastructure.
Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting
from natural disasters
and other events outside of our control that impact us or these third-party
providers. If such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service
disruptions or outages and we may not be able to recover our technical
infrastructure and user
data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services. If we fail to
efficiently scale and manage our

36

infrastructure, or if events disrupt our infrastructure or those of our
third-party providers, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

The COVID-19pandemic and responses thereto across the globe have altered how
individuals interact with each other and affected how we and our business
partners are operating, and the extent to which this situation will impact
our future results of operations remains uncertain.

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social distancing and
shelter-in-place orders put in place around the world have caused widespread
disruption in global economies, productivity, and financial markets and have
altered the way
in which we conduct our day-to-day business.

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses thereto
impact our business, operations, and results of operations will depend on
numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to
accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic,
including any potential future waves of the pandemic; governmental,
business, and individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in
response to the pandemic; the
effect on our clients; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ ability
to work and travel; the availability and cost to access the capital markets;
and interruptions related to our cloud networking and mobile app
infrastructure and that
impact our business partners, platform providers, clients, and customer
service and support providers. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have
temporarily closed some of our offices around the world and
implemented travel restrictions. While substantially all of our business
operations can be performed remotely and we are planning reopening for
certain offices, many of our employees are juggling additional work-related
and personal challenges. With
the general shift to remote work, we are able to tap into candidate pools
previously unavailable to us, but candidates have also sought increased
flexibility and may have more options available to them. We will continue to
actively monitor the
issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that
alter our business operations, including as may be required by federal,
state, local, or foreign authorities or that we determine are in
the best interests of our employees, users, business partners, and
stockholders.

In addition to the potential direct impacts to our
business, the global economy has been, and is likely to continue to be,
significantly weakened as a result of the actions taken in response to the
COVID-19 pandemic, and future government intervention remains
uncertain. A weakened global economy may negatively impact our business
partners as well as our users’ in-app purchasing decisions and users’ buying
decisions across the globe generally, which could
adversely affect advertiser activity. We may experience heightened levels of
variability in the pricing of advertising both in terms of user acquisition
and as it relates to our Software Platform and Apps. If these conditions
result in significant
decreased pricing of advertising, the revenue we make from our Software
Platform and advertisers paying to display advertisements in our Apps could
be adversely affected, particularly if the levels of user engagement in our
Apps are not sufficient
to offset these declines, and we may experience increased pressure on our
overall margins. If we are not able to respond to and manage the direct and
indirect impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business,
then our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected.

Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain
this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.

We believe that our company culture has been critical
to our success and will be important for our continued growth. We face a
number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate
culture, including: failure to identify, attract, reward, and retain people
in leadership positions in
our organization who share and further our culture and values; the
increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce; competitive
pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our culture and
values; the continued challenges of a
rapidly-evolving industry; the increasing need to develop

37

expertise in new areas of business that affect us; a negative perception of
our treatment of employees or our response to employee sentiment related to
political or social causes or actions of
management; and the integration of new personnel and businesses from
acquisitions. If we are not able to maintain our culture, we could lose the
innovation, passion, and dedication of our team and as a result, our
business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

If we do not successfully or cost-effectively invest in, establish, and
maintain awareness of the AppLovin brand, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We believe that
establishing and maintaining the AppLovin brand is critical to maintaining
and creating favorable relationships with, and our ability to attract, new
business clients, particularly Enterprise Clients, and key personnel.
Increasing awareness of the
AppLovin brand will depend largely upon our marketing efforts and our
ability to successfully differentiate our Software Platform from the
offerings of our competitors. In addition, successfully globalizing and
extending our brand requires
significant investment and extensive management time. If we fail to maintain
and increase brand awareness and recognition of our Software Platform, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

We generally do not have long-term agreements with our business clients.

Our business clients are not required to enter into long-term agreements
with us and may choose to stop using our Software Platform at
any time. For example, our advertising agreements can be executed in as
little as one day and can be terminated for convenience on two days’ notice.
In order to continue to grow our Software Platform, we must consistently
provide offerings that
clients see as valuable and choose to use. If we fail to maintain our
relationships with our clients, or if the terms of these relationships
become less favorable to us, our results of operations would be harmed.
Additionally, as certain of our
Enterprise Clients are also our competitors, these clients may choose to
invest in their own offerings rather than continue to use our Software
Platform. Any failure to maintain our relationships with business clients
could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If our Apps do not meet user expectations, or contain objectionable content,
our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Expectations regarding the quality,
performance, and integrity of our Apps are high. We must continually adapt
to changing user preferences including the popularity of various game
categories, style of play, and IAP options. Users may be critical of our
Apps, business models, or
business practices for a wide variety of reasons, including perceptions
about gameplay, fairness, game content, features, or services. Independent
industry analysts may publish reviews of our Apps from time to time, as well
as those of our
competitors, and perception of our Apps in the marketplace may be
significantly influenced by these reviews. We have no control over what
users or these industry analysts report. If users and industry analysts
negatively respond to our Apps or
changes that we make to our Apps, or provide negative reviews of our Apps,
our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Further, despite reasonable precautions, some users may be offended by
certain mobile app content, advertisements displayed in our Apps
or by the treatment of other users. For example, if users believe that an
advertisement displayed in an App contains objectionable content, we could
experience damage to our brand and reputation and users could refuse to play
such game and pressure
platform providers to remove the App from their platforms. While such
content may violate our terms and we may subsequently remove it, our brand
and reputation may nonetheless be harmed and our clients

38

may become dissatisfied with our services. Furthermore, steps that we may
take in response to such instances, such as temporarily or permanently
shutting off access of a user to our Apps, could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any failure to meet
user expectations or provide our Apps without objectionable content could
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

The proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers that seek to
exploit our mobile games and users may adversely affect game-playing
experiences and lead users to stop playing our mobile games. Our failure to
maintain a customer support ecosystem may enhance these risks.

Our users rely on our customer support organization to resolve any issues
relating to our mobile games. Customer support is important for
satisfying user expectations regarding the quality, performance, and
integrity of our mobile games. We currently have limited customer support
operations, which we recently acquired through Machine Zone. If we do not
effectively train, supplement,
and manage our customer support organization to assist our users, and if
that support organization does not succeed in helping users quickly resolve
issues or provide effective ongoing support, we could experience decreased
user engagement and harm
to our reputation with potential new users.

Additionally, unrelated third parties have developed, and may continue to
develop,
“cheating” programs that enable users to exploit vulnerabilities in our
mobile games, play them in an automated way, collude to alter the intended
game play, or obtain unfair advantages over other users who do play fairly.
These programs
harm the experience of users who play fairly and may disrupt the virtual
economies of our mobile games and reduce the demand for certain IAPs. In
addition, unrelated third parties have attempted to scam our users with fake
offers for virtual goods
or other game benefits. These unauthorized or fraudulent transactions are
usually arranged on third-party websites and the virtual goods offered may
have been obtained through unauthorized means, such as exploiting
vulnerabilities in our mobile
games, or may be fraudulent offers. We do not generate any revenue from
these transactions. These unauthorized purchases and sales from third-party
sellers have in the past and could in the future impede our revenue and
profit growth.

There can be no assurance that our customer support and other efforts to
detect, prevent, or minimize these unauthorized or fraudulent
transactions will be successful, that these actions will not increase over
time or that our customer support efforts will be successful in resolving
user issues. Any failure to maintain adequate customer support or success of
third-party cheating
programs or scams may negatively affect game-playing experiences and lead
users to stop playing our mobile games, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond our control.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond our control.
Our revenue is driven in part by discretionary consumer spending habits and
preferences, and by advertising spending patterns. Historically, consumer
purchasing and advertising spending have each declined during economic
downturns and periods of
uncertainty regarding future economic prospects or when disposable income or
consumer lending is lower. General macro-economic conditions, such as a
recession or economic slowdown in the United States or internationally,
including those resulting
from the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical issues, could create uncertainty
and adversely affect discretionary consumer spending habits and preferences
as well as advertising spending. Uncertain economic
conditions may also adversely affect our business clients. As a result, we
may be unable to continue to grow in the event of future economic slowdowns.
We are particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks associated
with the mobile app

39

ecosystem, which also include the popularity, price, and timing of our Apps,
changes in user demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms
of entertainment, and critical reviews
and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot
necessarily be predicted.

Additionally, our principal
offices are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, an area known for
earthquakes and susceptible to fires, and are thus vulnerable to damage. All
of our facilities are also vulnerable to damage from natural or manmade
disasters, including power
loss, earthquakes, fires, explosions, floods, communications failures,
terrorist attacks, contagious disease outbreak (such as the COVID-19
pandemic), and similar events. If any disaster were to occur, our
ability to operate our business at our facilities could be impaired and we
could incur significant losses, recovery from which may require substantial
time and expense.

Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters

We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking,
targeting, and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are
continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We receive, store, and process personal information and other data,
including data relating to individuals and households, and we enable
our users to share their personal information with each other and with third
parties, including within our Apps. There are numerous federal, state, and
local laws around the world regarding privacy and the collection, storing,
sharing, use,
processing, disclosure, deletion, and protection of personal information and
other data, including data relating to individuals and households, the scope
of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be
inconsistent between
countries or conflict with other rules.

Various government and consumer agencies have called for new regulation and
changes in
industry practices and are continuing to review the need for greater
regulation for the collection of information concerning consumer behavior on
the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted
advertising practices. For
example, the GDPR, which became effective in May 2018, created new
individual privacy rights and imposed worldwide obligations on companies
processing personal data of European Union (EU) users, which has created a
greater compliance burden for us
and other companies with European users, and subjects violators to
substantial monetary penalties. The United Kingdom has implemented
legislation that substantially implements the GDPR and which also provides
for substantial monetary penalties. In
June 2021, the European Commission announced a decision of “adequacy”
concluding that the United Kingdom ensures an equivalent level of data
protection to the GDPR, which provides some relief regarding the legality of
continued personal
data flows from the European Economic Area to the United Kingdom. Such
adequacy decision must, however, be renewed after four years and may be
modified or revoked in the interim. We cannot fully predict how United
Kingdom data protection laws or
regulations may develop in the medium to longer term, nor the effects of
divergent laws and guidance regarding how data transfers to and from the
United Kingdom will be regulated,

With regard to transfers to the United States of personal data (as such term
is used in the GDPR and applicable EU member state
legislation) from our employees and European users and other third parties,
we have relied upon the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield as well as
certain standard
contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission (the SCCs); however, both
the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the SCCs have been subject to legal
challenge, and on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the
EU, Europe’s highest court, held in theSchrems II case that the E.U.-U.S.
Privacy Shield was invalid, and imposed additional obligations in connection
with the use of the SCCs. This decision

40

imposes restrictions on the ability to transfer personal data from the EU
and Switzerland to the United States, and with the exit of the United
Kingdom from the EU, we and other companies face
additional restrictions on transfers of personal data from the United
Kingdom. EU regulators since have issued additional guidance regarding these
additional requirements that we and other companies must consider and
undertake when using the SCCs.
On June 4, 2021, the European Commission adopted new SCCs taking into
account the Schrems II case and reflecting requirements under the GDPR. The
decision foresees an 18-month grace period for
companies to adopt the new SCCs, subject to obligations to use the SCCs for
new contracts and data processing operations as of September 27, 2021. We
are in the process of assessing these developments and their impact on our
data transfer
mechanisms. The SCCs and other cross-border data transfer mechanisms may
face additional legal challenges or be the subject of additional legislative
activity and regulatory guidance. We and many other companies may need to
implement different or
additional measures to establish or maintain legitimate means for the
transfer and receipt of personal data from the European Economic Area,
Switzerland and the United Kingdom to the United States, and we may, in
addition to other impacts,
experience additional costs associated with increased compliance burdens,
and we and our clients face the potential for regulators to apply different
standards to the transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area,
Switzerland and the
United Kingdom to the United States, and to block, or require ad hoc
verification of measures taken with respect to, certain data flows from the
European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom to the United
States. We also may be required
to engage in contract negotiations with third parties that aid in processing
data on our behalf, to the extent that any of our service providers, or
consultants have been relying on invalidated or insufficient contractual
protections for compliance
with evolving interpretations of and guidance for cross-border data
transfers pursuant to the GDPR, Swiss privacy laws, and UK privacy laws. In
such cases, we may not be able to find alternative service providers which
could limit our ability to
process personal data from the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the
United Kingdom and increase our costs and/or impact our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, Apps, or other offerings. We and our clients may face a
risk of enforcement
actions by data protection authorities in the European Economic Area,
Switzerland and the United Kingdom relating to personal data transfers. Any
such enforcement actions could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources, distract
management and technical personnel, and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Similar to GDPR, in
September 2020, Brazil enacted the Brazilian General Data Protection Law
(LGPD), and in August 2021,
China passed a new data privacy law known as “PIPL”, effective November 1,
2021. Any of these developments may have an adverse effect on our business.

Moreover, the GDPR and other similar regulations require companies to give
specific types of notice and in some cases seek consent from
consumers and other data subjects before collecting or using their data for
certain purposes, including some marketing activities. In addition to the
GDPR, the European Commission has another draft regulation in the approval
process that focuses on
a person’s right to conduct a private life. The proposed legislation, known
as the Regulation of Privacy and Electronic Communications (ePrivacy
Regulation), would replace the current ePrivacy Directive. Originally
planned to be adopted and
implemented at the same time as the GDPR, the ePrivacy Regulation is still
being negotiated. In February 10, 2021, the Council of the EU agreed on its
version of the draft ePrivacy Regulation. If adopted, the earliest date for
entry into force is in
2023, with broad potential impacts on the use of internet-based services and
tracking technologies, such as cookies. Aspects of the ePrivacy Regulation
remain for negotiation between the European Commission and the Council.

Another example is the State of California’s passage of the CCPA, which went
into effect on January 1, 2020, with implementing
regulations taking effect August 14, 2020, and which created new privacy
rights for users residing in the state, including a private right of action
for data breaches. The California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) was approved by
California voters
in November 2020, goes into effect on January 1, 2023, and will
significantly modify the CCPA, potentially resulting in further uncertainty
and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to
comply. Additionally,

41

other states appear to be following California’s lead and are considering
new, comprehensive privacy legislation, some of which contemplate private
rights of action, which may increase the
likelihood of class action litigation, that could also adversely affect our
reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Nevada, Virginia, and Colorado have similarly enacted comprehensive privacy
laws - the Nevada Privacy
Law taking effect October 1, 2019, the Consumer Data Protection Act taking
effect on January 1, 2023, and Colorado Privacy Act taking effect on July 1,
2023, respectively - all of which emulate the CCPA and CPRA in many
respects. Our efforts to
comply with the GDPR, CCPA, COPPA, and similar legal requirements, such as
the LGPD and the privacy laws of China, has required us and will continue to
require us to devote significant operational resources and incur significant
expenses. Our
privacy and data protection compliance and oversight efforts will require
significant time and attention from our management and board of directors.

Further, children’s privacy has been a focus of recent enforcement
activities and subjects our business to potential liability that
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating
results. Enforcement of COPPA, which requires companies to obtain parental
consent before collecting personal information from children known to be
under the age of thirteen or
from child-directed websites or online services, has increased in recent
years. In addition, the GDPR prohibits certain processing of the personal
information of children under the age of thirteen to sixteen (depending on
jurisdiction) without
parental consent where consent is used as the lawful basis for processing
that personal information. The CCPA requires companies to obtain the consent
of children in California under the age of sixteen (or parental consent for
children under the age
of thirteen) before selling their personal information. Although we take
reasonable efforts to comply with these laws and regulations, we may in the
future face claims under COPPA, the GDPR, the CCPA, or other laws relating
to children’s
privacy.

All of our mobile games are subject to privacy policies and terms of service
located in application storefronts, within
our mobile games, and on our respective websites. We endeavor to comply with
industry standards and are subject to the terms of our privacy-related
obligations and commitments to users and third parties. We strive to comply
with all applicable laws,
policies, legal obligations, and certain industry codes of conduct relating
to privacy and data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable.
However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is
inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other
rules or our practices. It is also possible that new laws, policies, legal
obligations, or industry codes of conduct may be passed, or existing laws,
policies, legal
obligations, or industry codes of conduct may be interpreted in such a way
that could prevent us from being able to offer services to citizens of a
certain jurisdiction or may make it costlier or more difficult for us to do
so. Any failure or
perceived failure by us to comply with laws and regulations concerning
privacy, information security, data protection, consumer protection, and
protection of minors; our privacy policy and terms of service; our or other
privacy-related obligations
to users or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations,
or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or
transfer of personally identifiable information or other user data, may
result in governmental
enforcement actions, litigation, or public statements against us by consumer
advocacy groups or others and could cause our users to lose trust in us,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results
of operations.
Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as users, developers,
vendors, service providers, or other business partners violate applicable
laws or our policies, such violations may also put our users’ information at
risk and could in
turn adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which
are unsettled and still developing, which could subject us to claims or
otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad that
affect our business, including state and federal laws regarding
consumer protection, electronic marketing, protection of

42

minors, data protection, and privacy, competition, taxation, intellectual
property, money transmission, money laundering, investment screening,
export, and national security, which are
continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the
laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be
conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. There is a risk
that existing or future laws
may be interpreted in a manner that is not consistent with our current
practices and which could adversely affect our business. As our Software
Platform grows and evolves and our Software Platform and our Apps are used
in a greater number of
countries, we may also become subject to laws and regulations in additional
jurisdictions or other jurisdictions may claim that we are required to
comply with their laws and regulations.

With respect to our Apps, we are potentially subject to a number of foreign
and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering
of certain types of content, such as content that depicts violence, the
social casino game genre, or loot boxes, many of which are ambiguous or
still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could adversely affect
our business or expose us to
liability. Some state attorney generals as well as other international
regulatory bodies have brought and may continue to bring legal actions
against social casino app developers and the third-party distribution
platforms for such apps. Further,
several jurisdictions have been regulating and continue to regulate the use
of loot boxes in mobile games. Loot boxes are a commonly used monetization
technique in
free-to-play mobile games in which a user can acquire a virtual loot box,
typically through mobile game play or by using virtual goods, but the user
does not know which
virtual good(s) he or she will receive (which may be a common, rare, or
extremely rare item, and may be a duplicate of an item the user already has
in his or her inventory) until the loot box is opened. The user will always
receive one or more
virtual goods when he or she opens the loot box, but the user does not know
exactly which item(s) until the loot box is opened. In April 2018, each of
the Belgian Gaming Commission and the Dutch Gambling Authority declared that
loot boxes as
implemented in certain games by other companies that they reviewed
constituted illegal gambling under each country’s laws. Further, the Federal
Trade Commission (the FTC) has examined consumer protection issues related
to loot boxes and various
other jurisdictions, including certain U.S. states, Australia, Brazil, and
the United Kingdom are reviewing or have indicated that they intend to
review the legality of loot boxes and whether they constitute gambling.
Additionally, in 2021, Germany
approved a new Youth Protection Act, that came into effect on May 1, 2021,
which makes it unlawful to sell video games that contain loot boxes to
minors. In some of our mobile games, certain mechanics may be deemed as
“loot boxes”.
New regulation by the FTC, U.S. states, or other international jurisdictions
could require that these game mechanics be modified or removed from games or
that such apps be changed entirely, both of which could increase the costs
of operating our
mobile games, impact user engagement and monetization, or otherwise
adversely affect our business. In addition, the increased attention focused
upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals
could harm our reputation or
otherwise impact the growth of our business. It is difficult to predict how
existing or new laws may be applied to these or similar game mechanics or
genres. Further, laws or regulations may vary significantly across
jurisdictions.

It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or
construed to apply to us in the United States and elsewhere that
could restrict the mobile app ecosystem, including user privacy,
advertising, communications, taxation, content suitability, copyright,
distribution, and antitrust. Furthermore, the growth and development of
electronic commerce and virtual goods may
prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose
additional burdens on companies such as ours conducting business through the
internet and mobile devices. For example, China implemented a new policy in
September 2021 that
restricts online gaming for those under age 18 to one hour in the evening on
Fridays, weekends, and public holidays. We anticipate that scrutiny and
regulation of our industry will increase and we will be required to devote
legal and other resources
to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new laws
regarding the marketing of IAPs, labeling of free-to-play mobile games, or
regulation of currency,
banking institutions, unclaimed

43

property or money transmission may be interpreted to cover our mobile games
and the virtual currency, goods, or payments that we receive. We may also
expand into new business opportunities that
subject us to additional laws and regulations. As such, we may be required
to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals from relevant regulators, the
granting of which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other
requirements and we
may be subject to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could
significantly increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws or
regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the United
States or elsewhere regarding
these activities may lessen the growth of the mobile app ecosystem. Any
costs incurred as a result of adapting to laws and regulations, or as a
result of liability in connection therewith, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws, and non-compliancewith such laws could
subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and adversely affect
our business and reputation.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA), the U.S.
domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the
U.S. Travel Act, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws
applicable in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent
years, are interpreted broadly and
prohibit companies, their employees, and third party business partners,
representatives, and agents from promising, authorizing, making or offering
improper payments or other benefits, directly or indirectly, to government
officials and others in
the private sector in order to influence official action, direct business to
any person, gain any improper advantage, or obtain or retain business. As we
continue to expand our business internationally, our risks under these laws
increase.

We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may
have direct or indirect interactions with officials and
employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and
we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our
employees, third-party business partners, representatives, and agents, even
if we do not explicitly
authorize such activities. These laws also require that we keep accurate
books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures
designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures
to address compliance
with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees, third-party
business partners, representatives, and agents will not take actions in
violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately
held responsible and our
exposure for violating these laws increases as our international presence
expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions.

Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could
result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage,
investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil
sanctions, suspension or disbarment from U.S. government contracts,
substantial diversion of management’s attention, significant legal fees and
fines, severe criminal or civil
sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, disgorgement of
profits, other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the
conduct of our business, any of which could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

We are subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws
that could impair our ability to compete in global markets or subject us to
liability if we violate the controls.

Our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps may be
subject to U.S. export controls. Exports of our products and the underlying
technology may require export authorizations, including by license, a
license exception, or other appropriate government authorizations, including
the filing of an
encryption classification request or self-classification report, as
applicable.

44

Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions laws and
regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Control that prohibit the shipment of most technologies to
embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without the required export
authorizations. If we
need to obtain any necessary export license or other authorization for a
particular sale, the process may be time-consuming and may result in the
delay or loss of opportunities to sell our products.

We take precautions to prevent our products and the underlying technology
from being provided, deployed or used in violation of export
control and sanctions laws, including implementation of IP address blocking
and sanctioned person screening, and are in the process of further enhancing
our policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions
compliance. However, we
cannot assure you that our policies and procedures relating to export
control and sanctions compliance will prevent violations in the future by us
or our partners or agents. If we are found to be in violation of U.S.
sanctions or export control
regulations, including failure to obtain appropriate import, export, or re-
export licenses or permits, it can result in significant penalties and
government investigations, as well as reputational harm and
loss of business. Knowing and willful violations can result in possible
incarcerations for responsible employees and managers.

In
addition to the United States, various other countries regulate the import
and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and
export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our
ability to distribute
our products or could limit our clients’ ability to implement our products
in those countries. Changes in our Core Technologies, Software Platform, or
Apps, or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays
in the
introduction of our products and the underlying technology in international
markets, prevent our clients with global operations from deploying our
products globally, or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our
products to certain
countries, governments, or persons altogether. From time to time, various
governmental agencies have proposed additional regulation of encryption
technology.

Our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and client and
user base in international markets and acquiring companies
that may operate in countries where we do not already do business. Such
acquisitions may subject us to additional or expanded export regulations.
Further, any change in export or import regulations or controls, economic
sanctions or related
legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or
technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of
our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products
to, existing or potential
clients with global operations. Any decreased use of our products or
limitation on our ability to export or sell our products in major
international markets could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax
rates, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under are unsettled and may be
subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws (including
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic) or tax rulings, or changes in
interpretations of existing laws, could cause us to be subject to additional
income-based taxes and
non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital tax, net
worth, property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. For example, in December 2017, the U.S. federal government
enacted the tax reform legislation known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the
2017 Tax Act). The 2017 Tax Act significantly changed the existing U.S.
corporate income tax laws by,
among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate, implementing a
partially territorial tax system, and imposing a one-time deemed
repatriation tax on certain post-1986 foreign earnings. There is
currently significant tax legislation pending before Congress which, among
other tax provisions, repeals and/or modifies key provisions of

45

the 2017 Tax Act. If passed, this legislation could materially impact our
tax obligations, including by increasing our effective tax rate. In
addition, many countries in the European Union, as
well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, have recently
proposed or recommended changes to existing tax laws or have enacted new
laws that could impact our tax
obligations. Some of these or other new rules could result in double
taxation of our international earnings. Any significant changes to our
future effective tax rate could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of
operations.

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.

Our income tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating
structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in
which we develop, value, manage, and use our intellectual property and the
valuation of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our
business, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions,
are subject to
interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting their
laws in new ways in an effort to raise additional tax revenue. Our existing
corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a
manner we believe
is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the taxing
authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our
methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements,
which could impact our
worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Moreover, changes to our corporate structure and
intercompany agreements, including through acquisitions, could impact our
worldwide effective tax
rate and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

In addition, we are subject to federal,
state, and local taxes in the United States and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax
positions and our worldwide provision for (benefit from) taxes. During the
ordinary course of business, there are
many activities and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. Our tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely
affected by changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws,
regulations, principles, and
interpretations, including those relating to income tax nexus, by our
earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower
statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have
higher statutory rates, by
challenges to our intercompany relationships and transfer pricing
arrangements. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our
determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific
jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to
occur, and our position were not sustained, we could be required to pay
additional taxes, interest, and penalties, which could result in one-time
tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and
lower overall profitability of our business, with some changes possibly
affecting our tax obligations in future or past years. We believe that our
financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency,
but there can be no
assurances in that regard.

Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or
in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes,
and any such assessments could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We do not collect sales and use, value added, and similar taxes in all
jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that
such taxes are not applicable in certain jurisdictions. Sales and use, value
added, and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain
jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such
taxes are applicable or
that our presence in such jurisdictions is sufficient to require us to
collect taxes, which could result in tax assessments, penalties, and
interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such
tax assessments, penalties, and
interest or future requirements may adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Further, in June 2018, the Supreme Court held
inSouth Dakota v.

46

Wayfair, Inc. that states could impose sales tax collection obligations on
out-of-state sellers even if
those sellers lack any physical presence within the states imposing the
sales taxes. Under theWayfair decision, a person requires only a
“substantial nexus” with the taxing state before the state may subject the
person to sales tax
collection obligations therein. An increasing number of states (both before
and after the publication of theWayfair decision) have considered or adopted
laws that attempt to impose sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state
sellers. The Supreme Court’sWayfair decision has removed a significant
impediment to the enactment and enforcement of these laws, and it is
possible
that states may seek to tax out-of-state sellers on sales that occurred in
prior tax years, which could create additional administrative burdens for
us, put us at a
competitive disadvantage if such states do not impose similar obligations on
our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or
advertising that is served through our Software Platform or Apps, our
business could be adversely affected.

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence,
copyright, patent or trademark
infringement, public performance royalties, or other claims based on the
nature and content of materials that we distribute. The Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (the DMCA) is intended, in part, to limit the liability of
eligible service providers
for caching, hosting, or linking to user content that includes materials
that infringe copyrights or other rights. We rely on the protections
provided by the DMCA in conducting our business. Similarly, Section 230 of
the Communications Decency
Act (Section 230) protects online distribution platforms, such as ours, from
actions taken under various laws that might otherwise impose liability on
the platform provider for what content creators develop or the actions they
take or inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines that we
may rely on in the future are subject to uncertain
judicial interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. Future
regulatory or legislative changes may ultimately require us to take a more
active approach towards content moderation, which could diminish the depth,
breadth, and variety of
content we offer and, in so doing, reduce our revenue. Moreover, the DMCA
and Section 230 provide protections primarily in the United States. If the
rules around these statutes and doctrines change, if international
jurisdictions refuse to
apply similar protections, or if a court were to disagree with our
application of those rules to our business, we could incur liability and our
business could be adversely affected. If we become liable for these types of
claims as a result of the
content that is included in our Apps or the advertisements that are served
through our Software Platform, then our business may be adversely affected.
Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and
damages arising from any
liability could adversely affect our business. Our insurance may not be
adequate to cover these types of claims or any liability that may be imposed
on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our
liability for the actions of third parties, we may incur significant
legal expenses and other costs if copyright holders assert claims, or
commence litigation, alleging copyright infringement against our third-party
developers. While we prohibit mobile apps without distribution rights from
the copyright holder, and
we maintain processes and systems for the reporting and removal of
infringing mobile apps, such prohibitions, processes, and systems may not
always be successful. If other developers, licensees, platform providers,
business partners, and personnel
are influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and are
deterred from working with us as a consequence, our ability to maintain or
expand our business, including through international expansion plans, could
be adversely affected.

47

We have incurred, and will continue to incur, increased costs and demands
upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations
affecting public companies, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010
(the Dodd-Frank Act), and the rules and regulations of the SEC and the
Nasdaq listing standards. The Exchange Act requires, among other things,
that we file annual,
quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and results of
operations. Compliance with these requirements has increased and will
continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs
and increase demand on our
systems, making some activities more time-consuming and costly. We expect
these rules and regulations to make it more expensive for us to obtain
director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept
reduced policy limits and
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to maintain the same or similar
coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as our executive
officers. As a
public company, we have incurred and expect to incur significant expenses
and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the
auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
In that regard, we
will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate
public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. In addition,
as a public company, we may be subject to shareholder activism, which can
lead to substantial
costs, distract management, and impact the manner in which we operate our
business in ways we cannot currently anticipate.

As a
result of disclosure of information in our public filings with the SEC as
required of a public company, our business and financial condition will
become more visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual
litigation, including by
competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved
in our favor, these
claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert
the resources of our management and our board of directors and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements could cause us to incur
additional expenses or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are involved in or may become involved in claims, suits, government
investigations, including
formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and regulators,
and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including
actions with respect to intellectual property claims, securities claims,
privacy, data protection, or
law enforcement matters, tax matters, labor and employment claims,
commercial and acquisition-related claims, and other matters. We may become
the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for
information, actions, and audits in
the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly in the areas
of privacy, data protection, law enforcement, consumer protection, and
competition, as we continue to grow and expand our operations. In addition,
we are currently, and may
in the future be, subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees. For
example, data protection, competition, and consumer protection authorities
in the European Union have initiated actions, investigations, or
administrative orders seeking to
restrict the ways in which we collect and use information, or impose
sanctions, and other authorities may do the same.

Any such
claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently
uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless
of their outcomes, such legal or regulatory proceedings can have an adverse
impact on us because of
legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel attention, and
other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more

48

such proceedings could result in substantial costs, civil and criminal
liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees,
or orders preventing us from offering certain
features, functionalities, products or services, or requiring a change in
our business practices, products or technologies, which could adversely
affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

Many of our products and services contain open source software, and we
license some of our software through open source projects, which may pose
particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a
manner that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We use open source software in our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, and Apps and expect to continue to use open source software in the
future. In addition, we contribute software source code to open source
projects under open source licenses or release internal software projects
under open source licenses,
and anticipate continuing to do so in the future. The terms of many open
source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or
foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could
be construed in a
manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability
to provide or distribute our products or services. Additionally, under some
open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open
source software in a
certain manner, third parties may claim ownership of, a license to, or
demand release of, the open source software or derivative works that we
developed using such software, which could include our proprietary source
code. Such third parties may
also seek to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license through
litigation which, if successful, could require us to make our proprietary
software source code freely available, purchase a costly license, or cease
offering the implicated
products or services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid
infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant
additional research and
development resources, and we may not be able to complete it successfully.
In addition to risks related to open source license requirements, use of
certain open source software may pose greater risks than use of third-party
commercial software,
since open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls
on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to
eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property may
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our
costs.

While most of
the intellectual property we use in our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, and Apps is created by us, from time to time, we also acquire
rights to third-party intellectual property. Proprietary licenses may limit
our use of intellectual property
to specific uses and for specific time periods, require time and attention
of licensors in providing guidance and related approvals, and include other
contractual obligations with which we must comply. Additionally, competition
for these licenses is
intense and often results in increased advances, minimum payment guarantees,
and royalties to the licensor, and as such we may be unable to identify
suitable licensing targets or complete licensing arrangements. If we are
unable to obtain and remain
in compliance with the terms of these licenses or obtain additional licenses
on reasonable economic terms, our business and results of operations could
be adversely affected. Further, if the mix of IAPs shifts toward mobile
games in which we use
licensed intellectual property or if we develop additional Apps that require
licensing of third-party intellectual property, our overall margins may be
reduced due to royalty obligations.

In addition, many of our Apps are built on proprietary source code of third
parties, such as Unity Software. Unity Software offers
certain solutions that may compete with our offerings. If we are unable

49

to renew licenses to proprietary source code underlying our mobile games, or
the terms and conditions of these licenses change at the time of renewal,
our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on third parties,
including Unity Software, to maintain versions of their proprietary engines
that allow us to distribute our mobile games on multiple platforms. If a
third party from whom
we license source code discontinues support for one or more of these
platforms, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Failure to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual property
rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We regard our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps
and related source code as proprietary and rely on a variety of methods,
including a combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret
laws and employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements,
to protect our proprietary rights. We view the protection of our trade
secrets, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, domain names,
patents, and other product rights as critical to our success. We strive to
protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights, as well
as contractual restrictions and business practices. We also enter into
confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and
contractors and
confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in
order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary
information. However, these contractual arrangements and business practices
may not prevent the
misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent
development of similar technologies by others.

We own or
license, and pursue the registration of, copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, domain names, and patents in the United States and in certain
locations outside the United States. This process can be expensive and time-
consuming, may not always be
successful depending on local laws or other circumstances, and we also may
choose not to pursue registrations in every location depending on the nature
of the project to which the intellectual property rights pertain. We may,
over time, increase our
investments in protecting our creative works.

We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our Apps occurs, and if a
significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying of our Apps were to
occur, it could adversely affect our business. In addition, even if
authorized copying of our Apps occurs, third-party platforms may not remove
infringing material. We also
cannot be certain that existing intellectual property laws will provide
adequate protection for our products in connection with emerging
technologies. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual
property rights, protect our trade
secrets, or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed
by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit,
could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity, and diversion of
management and technical
resources. If we fail to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual
property rights, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes,
which are costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages
and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.

From time to time, we have faced, and we may
face in the future, allegations that we have infringed the trademarks,
copyrights, patents, and other intellectual property rights of third
parties, including from our competitors, non-practicing entities and
former employers of our personnel. Intellectual property litigation may be
protracted and expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. As the
result of any court judgment or settlement, we may be obligated to alter our
Software Platform or
Apps, in a particular geographic region or worldwide, pay royalties or
significant settlement costs, purchase licenses, or develop substitutes.

50

In certain of our agreements we also indemnify our licensees and other
business
partners. We may incur significant expenses defending these business
partners if they are sued for intellectual property infringement based on
allegations related to our technology. If a business partner were to lose a
lawsuit and in turn seek
indemnification from us, we also could be subject to significant monetary
liabilities. In addition, because our Core Technologies, Software Platform,
and Apps often involve the use of third-party technology, this increases our
exposure to litigation
in circumstances where there is a claim of infringement asserted against one
of our mobile games or other products and services in question, even if the
claim does not pertain to our technology.

Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters

If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and
accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be
impaired.

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and
regulations of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. We expect that the
requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our
legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more
difficult,
time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel,
systems, and resources.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires,
among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing
to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are
designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file
with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required
to be disclosed in
reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our
principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to
improve our internal control over financial reporting, which includes hiring
additional accounting and
financial personnel to implement such processes and controls.

In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we
have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant
resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management
oversight. If any of these
new or improved controls and systems do not perform as expected, we may
experience further deficiencies in our controls.

Our
current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, to the extent we
acquire other businesses, the acquired company may not have a sufficiently
robust system of
controls and we may discover deficiencies. Any failure to develop or
maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their
implementation or improvement could adversely affect our results of
operations or cause us to fail to meet our
reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial
statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely
affect the results of periodic
management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting
firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in
our periodic reports
that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other
information, which would likely cause the
market price of our Class A common stock to decline. In addition, if we are
unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain
listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Prior to our initial public
offering, we were not
required to comply with the SEC rules that implement

51

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and were therefore not required to
make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting for that purpose. As a
public company, we are required to provide an annual management report on
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
commencing with our second annual report on Form 10-K.

Our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to
formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting commencing with our second annual report on Form 10-K.
At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a
report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied
with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is
documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain effective
disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could
adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the market
price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in
financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future
accounting standards to our business as it evolves.

Our reported results of operations are impacted by the accounting standards
promulgated by the SEC and accounting standards bodies and
the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting
policies. A change in accounting standards could have a significant effect
on our reported financial results, and may even affect the reporting of
transactions completed
before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. The frequency of
accounting standards changes could accelerate, including conversion to
unified international accounting standards. Accounting standards affecting
revenue recognition have
affected, and could further significantly affect, the way we account for
revenue. Any future changes to accounting standards may cause our results of
operations to fluctuate. For example, if the accounting standards for
revenue derived from free-to-play mobile games were to change, particularly
with respect to revenue generated from digital storefronts, our results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Further, although we believe our estimates are reasonable based on available
user information, we may revise such estimates in the
future in the event our users’ average playing period changes. Any
adjustments arising from changes in the estimates of the lives of these
virtual goods would be applied to the current quarter and prospectively on
the basis that such changes
are caused by new information indicating a change in the user behavior
patterns of our users. As we enhance, expand and diversify our business and
product offerings, the application of existing or future financial
accounting standards could
adversely our results of operations.

We rely on assumptions and estimates to calculate certain of our key
metrics, and real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics could adversely
affect our reputation and our business.

Certain of the metrics that we disclose
are calculated using internal company data that has not been independently
verified or data from third-party attribution partners. While these metrics
and figures are based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations for
the applicable period
of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring these metrics and
figures across our worldwide client base and user base. We regularly review
and may adjust our processes for calculating our metrics and other figures
to improve their
accuracy, but these efforts may not prove successful and we may discover
material inaccuracies. In addition, our methodology for calculating these
metrics may differ from the methodology used by other companies to calculate
similar metrics and
figures. We may also discover unexpected errors in the data that we are
using that resulted from technical or other errors. If we determine that any
of our metrics or figures are not accurate, we may be required to revise or
cease reporting such
metrics or figures. Any real or perceived inaccuracies in our metrics and
other figures could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

52

Conversion of key internal systems and processes, particularly our
enterprise resource planning system, and problems with the design,
implementation, or operation of these systems and processes could interfere
with, and therefore adversely affect, our business and operations. We
converted certain key internal business systems and processes, including our
enterprise resource planning system, to a cloud-based system. We have
invested, and will continue to invest, significant capital and human
resources in the design, implementation, and operation of these business
systems and processes. Any problems in the functioning of these systems or
processes, particularly any that impact our operations, could adversely
affect our ability to process payments, record and transfer information in a
timely and accurate manner, recognize revenue, file SEC reports in a timely
manner, or otherwise run our business and could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may be required
to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired.
We are required under GAAP to review our goodwill for impairment at least
annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate
the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a
change in circumstances, indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our
goodwill continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in the
market price of our Class A common stock and our market capitalization,
slower growth rates in our industry, or other materially adverse events. We
may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial
statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill is
determined. We have substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit
facilities and our obligations thereunder may limit our operational
flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. We are party to a credit agreement that provides
for senior secured credit consisting of term loans and a revolving credit
facility, which are scheduled to mature in 2025. As of September 30, 2021,
the aggregate principal amount of our outstanding indebtedness under our
credit facilities was $1.78 billion, consisting of term loans. In October
2021, we amended our credit facility and issued an additional $1.5 billion
of term loans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to repay this
indebtedness when due, or that we will be able to refinance this
indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all. Our indebtedness could adversely
impact us. For example, these obligations could among other things:
                                                           
  •    make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;  
                                                           
                                        
  •    increase our cost of borrowing;  
                                        
                                                                            
       make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary        
  •    future financing for working capital, capital                        
       expenditures, strategic acquisitions and partnerships, debt service  
       requirements, or other purposes;                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       restrict us from making strategic acquisitions and partnerships or   
  •    cause us to make divestitures or similar                             
       transactions;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse      
  •    effect on our financial condition upon repayment of the              
       indebtedness;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from   
  •    operations to service and repay the indebtedness,                    
       reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes;       
                                                                            
53
                                                                       
  •    increase our vulnerability to adverse and economic conditions;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    increase our exposure to interest rate risk from variable rate       
       indebtedness;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less          
       leveraged competitors; and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in     
       our business.                                                        
                                                                            
In addition, from time to time we have entered into interest rate swap
instruments to limit our exposure to changes in variable interest rates.
While our hedging strategy is designed to minimize the impact of increases
in interest rates applicable to our variable rate debt, including our credit
facility, there can be no guarantee that our hedging strategy will be
effective, and we may experience credit-related losses in some
circumstances. Our credit agreement also imposes restrictions on us and
requires us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to
comply with these covenants may be affected by market, economic, financial,
competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors, as well as other factors
that are beyond our control. A breach of any of the covenants in the credit
agreement governing our credit facilities could result in an event of
default, which, if not cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of our
indebtedness and an increase in the interest rates applicable to such
indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of or default under any
other debt we may incur in the future to which a cross-acceleration or
cross-default provision applies. In addition, we have granted a security
interest in a significant portion of our assets to secure our obligations
under our credit facility. During the existence of an event of default under
our credit agreement, the applicable lenders could exercise their rights and
remedies thereunder, including by way of initiating foreclosure proceedings
against any assets constituting collateral for our obligations under the
credit facility. The acceleration of the indebtedness under our credit
agreement or under any other indebtedness could have a material and adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We
may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant
debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our
ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations
depends on our financial condition and results of operations, which are
subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain
financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our
control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating
activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, or
interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are
insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to
reduce or delay strategic acquisitions and partnerships, capital
expenditures, and payments on account of other obligations, seek additional
capital, restructure or refinance our indebtedness, or sell assets. These
alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our
scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance
our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our
financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at
higher interest rates and could require us to comply with more onerous
covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In
addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our
indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable
to repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness when due, or if any other
event of default is not cured or waived, the applicable lenders could
accelerate our outstanding obligations or proceed against the collateral
granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which could force us into
bankruptcy or liquidation. In the event the applicable lenders accelerate
the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have
sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Any 54

acceleration of amounts due under the agreements governing our credit
facility or the exercise by the applicable lenders of their rights under the
security documents could have a material and
adverse effect on our business.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and
support business growth, and this capital may not be available on acceptable
terms or at all.

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support
our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business
challenges, including the need to develop our Software Platform and Software
Platform, enhance our existing Apps and develop new Apps and features,
improve our operating
infrastructure, or enter into strategic acquisitions and partnerships.
Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity, equity-linked, or debt
financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through
future issuances of equity or
convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could experience
significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have
rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our
Class A common stock. Any
debt financing that we secure in the future could involve offering
additional security interests and undertaking restrictive covenants relating
to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational
matters, which may make it more
difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business
opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Our credit agreement, which
provides for a term loan and revolving credit facility, contains financial
covenants with which we must
comply. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable
to us, if at all. Additionally, if we seek to access additional capital or
increase our borrowing, there can be no assurance that financing and credit
may be available on
favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or
financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to
continue to support our business growth and to respond to business
challenges could be
significantly impaired, and our business, financial condition, or results of
operations could be adversely affected.

The London Interbank Offered Rate calculation method may change and LIBOR is
expected to be phased out after 2021.

Interest on our term loan and revolving
credit facility, which are scheduled to mature in 2025, may be calculated
based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). On July 27, 2017, the
U.K.’s Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that administers LIBOR)
announced that it
intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. It is unclear whether new
methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such that it continues to
exist after 2021, or if alternative rates or benchmarks will be adopted.
Changes in the method of
calculating LIBOR, or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative rate or
benchmark, may adversely affect interest rates and result in higher
borrowing costs. This could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations, cash flows, and
liquidity. We cannot predict the effect of the potential changes to LIBOR or
the establishment and use of alternative rates or benchmarks. We may need to
renegotiate our credit facility or incur other indebtedness, and changes in
the method of
calculating LIBOR, or the use of an alternative rate or benchmark, may
negatively impact the terms of such renegotiated credit facility or such
other indebtedness. If changes are made to the method of calculating LIBOR
or LIBOR ceases to exist, we
may need to amend certain contracts and cannot predict what alternative rate
or benchmark would be negotiated. This may result in an increase to our
interest expense.

55

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and Governance

The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting Agreement among
the Class B Stockholders have the effect of concentrating voting power with
the Class B Stockholders, which will limit your ability to influence the
outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the
election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other
major corporate transaction.

We have three classes of common stock. Our Class A common stock has one vote
per share, our Class B common stock has 20 votes
per share, and our Class C common stock has no voting rights, except as
otherwise required by law. Adam Foroughi, our co-founder, CEO, and
Chairperson; Herald Chen, our President and Chief Financial
Officer, and a member of our board of directors; and KKR Denali
(collectively with certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders) together
hold all of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock.
Upon completion of this
offering and related transactions, the Class B Stockholders will
collectively hold approximately 87.8% of the voting power of our outstanding
capital stock in the aggregate. This voting power includes shares of Class A
common stock deemed
beneficially owned in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the Exchange
Act. The Class B Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement (the
Voting Agreement) whereby all Class B common
stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective permitted
entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr.
Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a
result, the Class B Stockholders will collectively be able to determine or
significantly influence any action requiring the approval of our
stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the adoption
of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other
major corporate transaction. The Class B Stockholders may have interests
that differ from yours and
may vote in a way with which you disagree, and which may be adverse to your
interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying,
preventing, or deterring a change in control of our company, could deprive
our stockholders of an
opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale
of our company, and might ultimately affect the market price of our Class A
common stock.

Future transfers by the holders of Class B common stock will generally
result in those shares automatically converting into shares
of Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain
transfers effected for estate planning, transfers among KKR affiliates, or
other transfers among the Class B Stockholders. In addition, each share of
Class B
common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A common
stock upon certain events specified in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation.

In addition, because our Class C common stock carries no voting rights
(except as otherwise required by law), if we issue
Class C common stock in the future, the holders of Class B common stock may
be able to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most
matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders for a longer period of time
than would
be the case if we issued Class A common stock rather than Class C common
stock in such transactions.

We are considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, and, as a result, we qualify for, and
currently rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements.

As a result of our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting
Agreement among the Class B Stockholders, the Class B
Stockholders collectively hold greater than a majority of the voting power
of our outstanding capital stock and the Class B Stockholders have the
authority to vote the

56

shares of all Class B common stock, subject to the terms of the Voting
Agreement, at their discretion on all matters to be voted upon by
stockholders. Therefore, we are considered a “controlled company” as that
term is set forth in the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Under
these corporate governance requirements, a company in which over 50% of the
voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a
group, or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to
comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including:
                                                                            
  •    the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist    
       of independent directors;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement that we have a nominating/corporate governance       
  •    committee that is comprised entirely of independent                  
       directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose  
       and responsibilities;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is        
  •    comprised entirely of independent directors with a written           
       charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities;     
       and                                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the          
  •    nominating and corporate governance and compensation                 
       committees.                                                          
                                                                            
We currently utilize, and intend to continue to utilize, certain of these
exemptions. As a result, we do not have a majority of independent directors
and our compensation committee does not consist entirely of independent
directors. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections afforded to
stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate
governance requirements. In the event that we cease to be a “controlled
company” and our Class A common stock continues to be listed on Nasdaq, we
will be required to comply with these provisions within the applicable
transaction periods. We cannot predict the effect our multi-class structure
may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. We cannot predict
whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile
market price of our Class A common stock, in adverse publicity, or other
adverse consequences. For example, certain index providers have announced
restrictions on including companies with multi-class share structures in
certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE Russell announced that it plans
to require new constituents of its indices to have greater than 5% of the
company’s voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, and S&P Dow
Jones announced that it will no longer admit companies with multi-class
share structures to certain of its indices. Affected indices include the
Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, and S&P SmallCap 600, which
together make up the S&P Composite 1500. Also in 2017, MSCI, a leading stock
index provider, opened public consultations on their treatment of no-voteand
multi-class structures and temporarily barred new multi-class listings from
certain of its indices and in October 2018, MSCI announced its decision to
include equity securities “with unequal voting structures” in its indices
and to launch a new index that specifically includes voting rights in its
eligibility criteria. Under such announced policies, the multi-class
structure of our common stock would make us ineligible for inclusion in
certain indices and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and
other investment vehicles that attempt to track those indices would not
invest in our Class A common stock. These policies are relatively new and it
is unclear what effect, if any, they will have on the valuations of
publicly-traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible
that they may depress valuations, as compared to similar companies that are
included. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive
strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock
indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could
make our Class A common stock less attractive to other investors. As a
result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely
affected. 57

The market price of our Class A common stock could be volatile, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. The market price of our Class A
common stock has, and may continue to, fluctuate substantially depending on
a number of factors, including those described in this “Risk Factors”
section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our
operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or
part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors that could
cause fluctuations in the market price of our Class A common stock include
the following:
                                                                            
       price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time  
  •    to time, including fluctuations due to general                       
       economic uncertainty or negative market sentiment, in particular     
       related to the COVID-19 pandemic;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    volatility in the market and trading volumes of technology stocks;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of      
  •    other technology companies generally, or those in our                
       industry in particular;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our             
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in     
       our industry;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes   
  •    in financial estimates by securities analysts who                    
       follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the    
       expectations of investors;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    actual or perceived significant data breaches involving our          
       Software Platform or Apps;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the financial or non-financial metric projections we may provide to  
  •    the public,                                                          
       any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those        
       projections;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       third-party data published about us or other mobile gaming           
  •    companies, whether or not such data accurately reflects              
       actual levels of usage;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services;  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public            
       announcements, and filings with the SEC;                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    fluctuations in the trading volume of shares of our Class A common   
       stock or the size of our public float;                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative      
       securities;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of      
       operations;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       actual or anticipated developments in our business, our              
  •    competitors’ businesses, or the competitive landscape                
       generally;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                            
  •    our issuance of shares of our Class A common stock;  
                                                            
                                                                            
       litigation or regulatory action involving us, our industry or both,  
  •    or investigations by regulators into our operations                  
       or those of our competitors;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or     
       other proprietary rights;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies    
       by us or our competitors;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or   
       regulations applicable to our business;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines,               
       interpretations, or principles;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets;  
                                                                       
58
                                                      
  •    any significant change in our management; and  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our       
       markets.                                                             
                                                                            
In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in
general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the market price of our
Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. The market price of our Class
A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other
companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity of any trading market,
your ability to sell your shares of our Class A common stock when desired,
or the prices that you may obtain for your shares of our Class A common
stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been
brought against that company. If the market price of our Class A common
stock is volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation.
Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our
management’s attention and resources from our business. Such litigation
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our
capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will
be your sole source of gain. You should not rely on an investment in our
Class A common stock to provide dividend income. We do not anticipate paying
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain
future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business.
In addition, our credit agreement contains, and any future credit facility
or financing we obtain may contain, terms limiting the amount of dividends
that may be declared or paid on our Class A common stock. Any future
determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of
directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of
operations, capital requirements, and applicable contractual restrictions.
As a result, stockholders should rely on sales of their Class A common stock
after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on
their investment. Future sales of our Class A common stock could depress the
market price of our Class A common stock. The market price of our Class A
common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares
of our Class A common stock in the market, including this offering, and the
perception that these sales could occur may also depress the market price of
our Class A common stock. Certain stockholders are entitled, under our
investors’ rights agreement (our IRA), to certain demand registration
rights, including those exercised in connection with this offering. In
addition, we filed a registration statement to register shares reserved for
future issuance under our equity compensation plans and a registration
statement to register shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to our
2011 Plan for resale. As a result, subject to the satisfaction of applicable
exercise periods, the registered shares, including those issued upon
exercise of outstanding stock options, will be available for immediate
resale in the United States in the open market. Sales of our Class A common
stock as restrictions end or pursuant to registration rights may make it
more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and
at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales also could cause the market
price of our Class A common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you
to sell shares of our Class A common stock. 59

The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise will
dilute all other stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 1,500,000,000 shares of Class A
common stock, up to 150,000,000 shares of Class C common stock, and up to
100,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as
may be determined by our board of directors. Subject to compliance with
applicable rules and regulations, we may issue shares of Class A common
stock or securities convertible into shares of our Class A common stock from
time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investment, our
equity incentive plans, or otherwise. For example, in connection with our
acquisition of Adjust in April 2021, we issued convertible securities that
converted into an aggregate of 6,320,688 shares of our Class A common stock.
Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing
stockholders and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to
decline. Our multi-class stock structure, the Voting Agreement, and other
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy
contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our Class A common
stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our
company more difficult, including the following:
                                                                            
       our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement,     
       which provide the Class B Stockholders with the                      
  •    ability to determine or significantly influence the outcome of       
       matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own             
       significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding  
       common stock;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by our board  
       of directors and not by stockholders;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by a        
  •    majority of our board of directors, the chairperson of our           
       board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer, or our President;   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate         
  •    candidates for election as directors or to bring matters             
       before an annual meeting of stockholders;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not       
       provide for cumulative voting;                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes     
  •    undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be              
       established and shares of which may be issued by our board of        
       directors, without further action by our stockholders;               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       after the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B  
       common stock represent less than a majority of                       
       the total combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our  
  •    Class B common stock (the Voting Threshold Date), our stockholders   
       will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and    
       will not be able to take action by                                   
       written consent for any matter; and                                  
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    certain litigation against us may only be brought in Delaware.  
                                                                       
These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a
transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take
other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain
circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a
premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect
the market price of our Class A common stock. 60

Our amended and restated bylaws designate a state or federal court located
within the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United
States as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and
our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or
employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an
alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and
exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our
behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed
by any of our
directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any
action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended
and restated
bylaws, or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the
internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the
federal district court
for the District of Delaware), in all cases subject to the court having
jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants, and provided
that this exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to
enforce any liability or duty
created by the Exchange Act.

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal
and state courts
over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal
courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to
litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or
contrary rulings by
different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated
bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of
America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a
cause of action arising
under the Securities Act. However, while the Delaware Supreme Court ruled in
March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions purporting to require
claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal court are “facially
valid” under
Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to whether other courts will enforce
our federal forum provision. If the federal forum provision is found to be
unenforceable, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
matters.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning
(or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our
securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing
bylaw provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions
benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware
law and federal
securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the
exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a
claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our
directors, officers,
stockholders, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect
to such claims against us and our current and former directors, officers,
stockholders, or other employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to
have waived our
compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the
event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in our
amended and restated bylaws to
be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could
harm our results of operations.

61

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-
looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial
or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,”
“expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,”
“contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue”
or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that
concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus include statements about:
                                                                            
       our future financial performance, including our expectations         
  •    regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, and operating                
       expenses, and our ability to achieve or maintain future              
       profitability;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our         
       liquidity needs;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                       
  •    the demand for our Software Platform and Apps;  
                                                       
                                                                      
  •    our ability to attract and retain business clients and users;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       our ability to develop new products, features, and enhancements for  
  •    our Core Technologies and Software Platform and to                   
       launch or acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them;           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in          
       existing and new markets and offerings;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and      
  •    assets and to expand and diversify our operations                    
       through strategic acquisitions and partnerships;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain the security and availability of our Core    
       Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing    
  •    laws and regulations, including with respect to                      
       taxation and privacy and data protection;                            
                                                                            
                                                                 
  •    our ability to manage risk associated with our business;  
                                                                 
                                                             
  •    our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;  
                                                             
                                                      
  •    our ability to develop and protect our brand;  
                                                      
                                                          
  •    our expectations and management of future growth;  
                                                          
                                                                      
  •    our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;  
                                                                      
                                                                       
  •    our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    our integration plans and expected timing for the closing of the     
       MoPub transaction;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual        
       property; and                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    the increased expenses associated with being a public company.  
                                                                       
We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-
looking statements made in this prospectus. You should not rely upon
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based
the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus primarily on our
current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we
believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking
statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including
those 62

described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this
prospectus. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing
environment. New risks and uncertainties
emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks
and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus. We cannot assure you that the
results, events, and circumstances
reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and
actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements.

Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any of these forward-looking statements.
Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this prospectus relate only
to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this prospectus
to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this prospectus or to reflect new
information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by
law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations
disclosed in our forward-looking
statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking
statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential
impact of any future acquisitions, partnerships, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures, or investments
we may make.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our
beliefs and opinions on the
relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to
us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe such information
forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be
limited or incomplete, and
our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an
exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are
cautioned not to unduly rely
upon these statements.

63

INDUSTRY, MARKET, AND OTHER DATA Unless otherwise indicated, estimates and
information contained in this prospectus concerning our industry and the
market in which we operate, including our general expectations, market
position, market opportunity, and market size, are based on industry
publications and reports generated by third-party providers, other publicly
available studies, and our internal sources and estimates. This information
involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not
to give undue weight to such estimates. Although we are responsible for all
of the disclosure contained in this prospectus and we believe the
information from the industry publications and other third-party sources
included in this prospectus is reliable, we have not independently verified
the accuracy or completeness of the data contained in such sources. The
content of, or accessibility through, the below sources and websites, except
to the extent specifically set forth in this prospectus, does not constitute
a portion of this prospectus and is not incorporated herein and any websites
are an inactive textual reference only. The sources of the statistical data,
estimates, and market and industry data contained in this prospectus include
App Annie and Sensor Tower, as well as the sources provided below:
                                             
  •    App Annie, The State of Mobile 2019;  
                                             
                                             
  •    App Annie, The State of Mobile 2020;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    eMarketer, Average US Time Spent with Mobile in 2019 Has Increased,  
       June 2019;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    International Data Corporation, Worldwide Mobile In-Game             
       Advertising Forecast, 2020-2024, December 2020;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    International Data Corporation, Worldwide Mobile and Handheld        
       Gaming Forecast, 2020–2024, March 2020;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Sensor Tower, The Top 1% of App Publishers Generate 80% of All New   
       App Installs, November 2019;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Statista, Number of apps available in leading app stores as of 3rd   
       quarter 2020; and                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Statista, Number of available apps in the Apple App Store from 2008  
       to 2020.                                                             
                                                                            
The industry in which we operate is subject to a high degree of uncertainty
and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. These and
other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed
in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 64

USE OF PROCEEDS

The selling stockholders will receive all net proceeds from the sale of
shares of our Class A common stock to be sold in this offering.
We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of shares of our Class
A common stock by the selling stockholders. We will, however, bear the costs
associated with the sale of shares by the selling stockholders, other than
underwriting
discounts and commissions.

65

DIVIDEND POLICY

We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future
determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of
our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a
number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements,
contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors
that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, the terms of our
credit agreement place certain limitations on the amount of cash dividends
we can pay, even if no
amounts are currently outstanding. See the section titled “Description of
Certain Indebtedness” for additional information.

66

CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth cash and cash equivalents, as
well as our capitalization, as of September 30, 2021. Subsequent to
September 30, 2021, we issued incremental loans in an aggregate amount of
$1.5 billion. See the section titled “Description of Certain Indebtedness”
for additional information. You should read this table together with our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes, our unaudited pro
forma condensed combined statement of operations, and the sections titled
“Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data” and “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
that are included elsewhere in this prospectus.
                                                                            
                                                    As of September 30,     
                                                                   2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                              -in thousands, except for     
                                               share and per share data     
  Cash and cash equivalents                $                  1,049,617     
  Long-term debt                           $                  1,749,330     
  Stockholders’ equity (deficit):                                           
  Preferred stock, par value $0.00003                                       
  per share: 100,000,000 shares                                       —     
  authorized, no shares issued and                                          
  outstanding                                                               
  Class A common stock, par value                                           
  $0.00003 per share: 1,500,000,000                                         
  shares authorized,                                                  7     
  225,833,513 shares issued and                                             
  outstanding                                                               
  Class B common stock, par value                                           
  $0.00003 per share: 200,000,000                                     4     
  shares authorized, 147,807,622 shares                                     
  issued and outstanding                                                    
  Class C common stock, par value                                           
  $0.00003 per share: 150,000,000                                           
  shares authorized, no shares issued                                 —     
  and                                                                       
  outstanding                                                               
  Additional paid-in capital                                  3,084,928     
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                          (27,560  )  
  Accumulated deficit                                        (1,008,320  )  
  Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)                        2,049,059     
  Total capitalization                     $                  3,798,389     
                                                                            
The shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding
as of September 30, 2021 exclude the following:
                                                                            
       16,689,042 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the      
  •    exercise of options to purchase shares of our Class A                
       common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021, with a            
       weighted-average exercise price of $6.55 per share;                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       195,000 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the         
  •    exercise of a warrant to purchase Class A common stock               
       outstanding as of September 30, 2021, with an exercise price of      
       $26.67 per share;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,222,536 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the       
  •    vesting and settlement of RSUs outstanding as of                     
       September 30, 2021;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    324,156 shares of our Class A common stock issued upon conversion    
       of a convertible security in October 2021; and                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       44,994,361 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future    
  •    issuance under our equity compensation plans as of                   
       September 30, 2021, consisting of:                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    37,163,984 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future    
       issuance under our 2021 Plan;                                        
                                                                            
67
                                                                            
  •    30,377 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future        
       issuance under our 2021 Partner Plan; and                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    7,800,000 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future     
       issuance under our ESPP.                                             
                                                                            
68

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following selected
consolidated statement of operations data for 2018, 2019, and 2020 and the
selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2019 and 2020
have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this prospectus. We have derived the selected
consolidated statement of operations data for the nine months ended
September 30, 2020 and 2021 from our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. We have prepared
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements on the same basis
as the audited consolidated financial statements and have included all
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments that, in our
opinion, are necessary to state fairly the information set forth in those
consolidated financial statements. Our historical results are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future.
You should read the following selected consolidated financial and other data
below in conjunction with the section titled “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this
prospectus. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
(Loss) Data
                                                                            
                                                      Ni…                   
            Year                                      Mo…                   
            End…                                      En…                   
            Dec…                                      Se…                   
             31,                                      30,                   
            2018          2019          2020          20…          2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
             -in                                                            
            tho…                                                            
            exc…                                                            
             for                                                            
            sha…                                                            
             and                                                            
             per                                                            
            sha…                                                            
            amo…                                                            
  Re…    $  483…       $  994…       $  1,4…       $  94…       $  1,9…     
  Co…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  Co…                                                                       
  of        53,…          241…          555…          35…          722…     
  re…                                                                       
  Sa…                                                                       
  and       166…          481…          627…          41…          816…     
  ma…                                                                       
  Re…                                                                       
  and       16,…          44,…          180…          99…          246…     
  de…                                                                       
  Ge…                                                                       
  and       14,…          31,…          66,…          41…          122…     
  ad…                                                                       
  Le…                                                                       
  mo…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  ab…          —             —          7,8…          7,…             —     
  of                                                                        
  le…                                                                       
  im…                                                                       
  Ex…                                                                       
  of                                                                        
  ac…       (10…  )          —          74,…          74…             —     
  co…                                                                       
  co…                                                                       
  To…                                                                       
  co…       240…          799…          1,5…          99…          1,9…     
  and                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  (l…       242…          194…          (62…  )       (5…  )       91,…     
  fr…                                                                       
  op…                                                                       
  Ot…                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (e…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  lo…       (48…  )       (73…  )       (77…  )       (5…  )       (72…  )  
  on                                                                        
  se…                                                                       
  of                                                                        
  de…                                                                       
  Ot…                                                                       
  in…       1,9…          5,8…          4,2…          5,…          (997  )  
  (e…                                                                       
  net                                                                       
  To…                                                                       
  ot…       (48…  )       (68…  )       (73…  )       (5…  )       (73…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  be…       (24…  )       126…          (13…  )       (1…  )       17,…     
  in…                                                                       
  ta…                                                                       
  Pr…                                                                       
  for                                                                       
  (b…                                                                       
  fr…       19,…          7,1…          (9,…  )       (2…  )       13,…     
  for                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  ta…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…       (25…  )       119…          (12…  )       (1…  )       3,9…     
  (l…                                                                       
  Ad…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  lo…                                                                       
  at…          —             —           747          546           149     
  to                                                                        
  no…                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  at…    $  (25…  )    $  119…       $  (12…  )    $  (1…  )    $  4,0…     
  to                                                                        
  Ap…                                                                       
  sh…                                                                       
  Le…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  at…          —          (42…  )          —            —          (568  )  
  to                                                                        
  pa…                                                                       
  se…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  at…    $  (25…  )    $  76,…       $  (12…  )    $  (1…  )    $  3,5…     
  to                                                                        
  co…                                                                       
  st…                                                                       
                                                                            
69
                                                                            
                                                         Nine               
              Year                                      Mont…               
             Ended                                      Ended               
             Dece…                                      Sept…               
               31,                                        30,               
              2018           2019         2020           2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               -in                                                          
             thou…                                                          
             exce…                                                          
               for                                                          
             share                                                          
               and                                                          
               per                                                          
             share                                                          
             amou…                                                          
  Net                                                                       
  inc…                                                                      
  (lo…                                                                      
  att…    $  (259…  )    $  76,5…    $  (125,…  )    $  -106…    $   3,539  
  to                                                                        
  com…                                                                      
  sto…                                                                      
  Net                                                                       
  inc…                                                                      
  (lo…                                                                      
  per                                                                       
  sha…                                                                      
  att…                                                                      
  to                                                                        
  com…                                                                      
  sto…                                                                      
  Bas…    $  (1.37  )    $   0.36    $   (0.58  )    $  -0.50    $    0.01  
  Dil…    $  (1.37  )    $   0.36    $   (0.58  )    $  -0.50    $    0.01  
  Wei…                                                                      
  ave…                                                                      
  com…                                                                      
  sha…                                                                      
  used                                                                      
  to                                                                        
  com…                                                                      
  net                                                                       
  inc…                                                                      
  (lo…                                                                      
  per                                                                       
  sha…                                                                      
  att…                                                                      
  to                                                                        
  com…                                                                      
  sto…                                                                      
  Bas…       189,…          210,…       214,9…          212,…       309,3…  
  Dil…       189,…          212,…       214,9…          212,…       327,4…  
                                                                            
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                            
                                                         Nine               
                  Year                                 Months               
                 Ended                                  Ended               
               Decemb…                                 Septe…               
                   31,                                    30,               
                  2018         2019         2020         2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   -in                                                      
               thousa…                                                      
  Cost                                                                      
  of        $      517    $     124    $     982    $     204    $   1,504  
  reven…                                                                    
  Sales                                                                     
  and            2,582        1,922       10,668        2,812        8,814  
  marke…                                                                    
  Resea…                                                                    
  and            1,009        5,009       36,852       10,692       40,148  
  devel…                                                                    
  Gener…                                                                    
  and            1,357        3,167       13,885        5,654       41,362  
  admin…                                                                    
  Total                                                                     
  stock…    $    5,465    $  10,222    $  62,387    $  19,362    $  91,828  
  compe…                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         Nine               
                 Year                                  Months               
                Ended                                   Ended               
              Decemb…                                 Septem…               
                  31,                                     30,               
                 2018         2019         2020          2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                  -in                                                       
              thousa…                                                       
  Cost                                                                      
  of       $    7,932    $  74,787    $  228,3…    $  137,673    $  273,4…  
  reve…                                                                     
  Sales                                                                     
  and             495        7,641       11,587         8,470       16,008  
  mark…                                                                     
  Total                                                                     
  amor…                                                                     
  expe…                                                                     
  rela…    $    8,427    $  82,428    $  239,9…    $  146,143    $  289,4…  
  to                                                                        
  acqu…                                                                     
  inta…                                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included         
       elsewhere in this prospectus for an explanation of                   
  (3)  the method used to compute the historical net income (loss) per      
       share and the number of shares used in the computation of the per    
       share amounts.                                                       
                                                                            
70

Consolidated Balance Sheets Data
                                                                            
                      December                                              
                           31,                                              
                          2019                                September     
                           (in                                      30,     
                    thousands)                2020                 2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and                                                                  
  cash          $      396,247       $     317,235       $    1,049,617     
  equivalen…                                                                
  Working              347,346              64,942            1,056,597     
  capital(1)                                                                
  Total              1,202,485           2,154,593            4,567,760     
  assets                                                                    
  Total debt         1,180,584           1,599,200            1,749,330     
  Convertib…                                                                
  preferred            399,589             399,589                    —     
  stock                                                                     
  Accumulat…          (887,213  )       (1,012,400  )        (1,008,320  )  
  deficit                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  stockhold…          (256,567  )         (158,545  )         2,049,059     
  equity                                                                    
  (deficit)                                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Working capital is defined as current assets less current            
       liabilities.                                                         
                                                                            
Non-GAAPFinancial Measures We review a number of operating and financial
metrics, including the following financial measures that were not prepared
in accordance with GAAP to evaluate our business. We use Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our
overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of our
annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the
effectiveness of our business strategies, and to communicate with our board
of directors concerning our financial performance.
                                                                            
                                                     Ni…                    
           Ye…                                       Mo…                    
           En…                                       En…                    
           De…                                       Se…                    
           31,                                       30,                    
           20…           20…          2020           20…           2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                              
           th…                                                              
           ex…                                                              
           pe…                                                              
  N…                                                                        
  i…    $  (2…  )     $  11…       $  (12…  )     $  (1…  )     $  3,9…     
  (…                                                                        
  A…    $  25…        $  30…       $  345…           20…           505…     
  E…                                                                        
  N…                                                                        
  i…       (5…  )%       12…  %       (8.7  )%       (1…  )%        0.2  %  
  (…                                                                        
  m…                                                                        
  A…                                                                        
  E…       52…  %        30…  %       23.8  %        22…  %        25.3  %  
  m…                                                                        
                                                                            
See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAPFinancial Measures” for a
description of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBTIDA margin and a
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly
comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. 71

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the section
titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data” and the consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this
prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include those identified below and those discussed in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and other parts of this prospectus. Our
historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for any period in the future. Overview Our mission is to grow the
mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of mobile app developers. Our
software solutions provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to grow
their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization
of their apps. Since inception, our platform has driven over eight billion
mobile app installs for mobile app developers. Our software, coupled with
our deep industry knowledge and expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale a
successful and diversified portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and
partnership strategy. Our scaled and integrated business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong growth. Since
our founding in 2011, we have been focused on building a software-based
platform for mobile app developers to improve the marketing and monetization
of their apps. Our founders, who are mobile app developers themselves,
quickly realized the real impediment to success and growth in the mobile app
ecosystem was a discovery and monetization problem—breaking through the
congested app stores to efficiently find users and successfully grow their
business. Their first-hand experience with these developer challenges led to
the development of our infrastructure and software—AppLovin Core
Technologies and AppLovin Software Platform. We capitalized on our success
and understanding of the mobile app ecosystem by launching AppLovin Apps in
2018. Our Apps now consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 350
free-to-playmobile games across five genres, run by eighteen studios. As an
early leader in the mobile app ecosystem, we have achieved significant
growth through a number of milestones:
                                                                            
  •    2011: Designed and built the first generation of our Core            
       Technologies and Software Platform.                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2012: Introduced an early version of AppDiscovery, our marketing     
  •    solution, on Android. We launched AppDiscovery                       
       on iOS later that year.                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2014: Expanded internationally with our first office in Europe and   
  •    have since grown to more than twenty offices                         
       worldwide.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2017: Introduced additional developer services and tools offering    
  •    distributed development and creative services                        
       to develop and test ads.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2018: Launched AppLovin Apps by creating Lion Studios, and then      
  •    acquired PeopleFun, a mobile games studio;                           
       acquired or partnered with more than ten mobile game studios to      
       date.                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2018: Strategically enhanced our Software Platform by acquiring      
  •    MAX, an                                                              
       in-app bidding platform, which improves monetization on apps.        
                                                                            
72
                                                                            
       2019: Added brand safety features to MAX by acquiring and            
  •    integrating SafeDK, and augmented MAX through the                    
       development of our Compass analytics tool.                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2020: Expanded our portfolio of casual mobile games, and also        
  •    diversified into the                                                 
       mid-core genre through the acquisition of Machine Zone.              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2020: Launched our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine,      
  •    enhancing the efficacy of our marketing software                     
       solution, AppDiscovery.                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    2021: Expanded our Software Platform with the acquisition of         
       Adjust.                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    2021: Entered into a definitive agreement to acquire from Twitter,   
       Inc. the MoPub business.                                             
                                                                            
Revenue $1,500 $1,400 $1,200 $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200 $0 MILLIONS FOUNDED
2011 SCALED THE BUSINESS, TEAM, AND LARGE SCALE DATA INFRASTRUCTURE LAUNCHED
CONTEXTUAL AD NETWORK AppDiscovery 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 ADDED
PUBLISHING AND VERTICALLY INTEGRATED CONTENT AppLovin Apps $483 2018
LAUNCHED MONETIZATION SOLUTIONS MAX $994 2019 NEW ML-BASED RECOMMENDATION
ENGINE AXON $1451 2020 Our focus on building a market-leading software
platform, coupled with our unique approach to developing and growing our
Apps portfolio, has produced a business model characterized by rapid growth
and strong cash flow generation. For the nine months ended September 30,
2021, our revenue grew 112% year-over-year, from $941.2 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2020 to $2.0 billion in the comparative period in
2021. We generated a net income of $3.9 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2021, and a net loss of $107.0 million in the comparative
period in 2020. We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $505.5 million and $207.6
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Additionally, we have generated strong cash flows, with net cash provided by
operating activities of $276.8 million and $122.7 million in the nine months
ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This has allowed us to
reinvest in our expansion and growth and consummate strategic acquisitions
and partnerships. See the section titled “—Non-GAAPFinancial Measures” for a
definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net
income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in
accordance with GAAP. Our Business Model We collect revenue from business
clients, comprised of Business—Software Platform and Business—Apps revenue
and consumers. In 2020, Business Revenue represented 49% of total revenue
and Consumer Revenue represented 51% of total revenue. Business Revenue We
generate Business—Software Platform revenue from fees paid by mobile app
advertisers, or business clients, that use our Software Platform to grow and
monetize their apps. We also collect 73

Business—Apps revenue from business clients that purchase the digital
advertising inventory of our portfolio of Apps. We are able to grow our
Business Revenue by improving our Software Platform, adding more apps to our
Apps portfolio and increasing engagement on our existing Apps. While we have
thousands of business clients as of September 30, 2021, the vast majority of
our revenue is derived from our Enterprise Clients and Software Platform
Enterprise Clients. See “—Key Metrics” below for additional information on
how we calculate Enterprise Clients and Software Platform Enterprise
Clients. Approximately 96% of our Business Revenue for the twelve months
ended September 30, 2021 came from our 325 Enterprise Clients as of
September 30, 2021. Our Enterprise Clients had a Net Dollar-Based Retention
Rate of approximately 176% for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. 2
Business—Software Platform clients include a wide variety of advertisers and
publishers, from indie developer studios to some of the largest global
internet platforms, such as Facebook and Google. We have rapidly grown the
number of Software Platform Enterprise Clients over the past year from 111
as of September 30, 2020 to 449 as of September 30, 2021, which generated
approximately 92% of our Business Revenue from our Software Platform for the
three months ended September 30, 2021. Our Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate
from existing Software Platform Enterprise Clients (SPECs) was 255% for
SPECs as of September 30, 2021. 3We see multiple opportunities to gain new
business clients, and to increase spend from existing business clients, as
we help them grow their businesses and make them more successful. Business
Revenue from our Software Platform and Business Revenue from our Apps
represented 47% and 53%, respectively, of total Business Revenue in the nine
months ended September 30, 2021. Our Software Platform includes
AppDiscovery, Adjust, and MAX. Business clients use AppDiscovery to
automate, optimize, and manage their user acquisition investments. They set
marketing and user growth goals, and AppDiscovery optimizes their ad spend
in an effort to achieve their return on advertising spend targets and other
marketing objectives. AppDiscovery comprises the vast majority of revenue
from our Software Platform. Revenue is generated from our advertisers,
typically on a performance-based, cost-per-installbasis, and shared with our
advertising publishers, typically on a cost per impression model. Business
clients use Adjust’s SaaS mobile marketing platform to better understand
their users’ journey while allowing marketers to make smarter decisions
through measurement, attribution, and fraud prevention. Revenue from Adjust
is primarily generated from an annual software subscription fee. Business
clients use MAX to optimize purchases of app ad inventory. The Compass
Analytics tool within MAX provides insights to manage against key
performance indicators, understand the long-term value of users, and help
manage profitability. Revenue from MAX is generated based on a percentage of
client spend. As more developers move to in-appbidding monetization, we
expect growth in the adoption of, and revenue from, MAX. Our Business—App
revenue clients purchase advertising inventory from our Apps and are able to
target highly relevant users from our diverse and global portfolio of over
350 mobile games. Our clients leverage a broad set of high-performing mobile
ad formats, including playable and rewarded video, and
                                                                            
     We measure Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate for the twelve months       
     ended September 30, 2021 for our Enterprise                            
     Clients as current period revenue divided by prior period revenue.     
     Prior period revenue is measured as revenue for the twelve months      
     ended September 30, 2020 from our Enterprise Clients as of September   
     30, 2020. Current period revenue is                                    
     revenue for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021 from our        
     Enterprise Clients as of September 30, 2021, and excludes revenue      
     from any new Enterprise Clients during the twelve months ended         
  2  September 30, 2021.                                                    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
     We measure Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate for the three months ended  
     September 30, 2021 for our Software Platform                           
     Enterprise Clients as current period revenue divided by prior period   
     revenue. Prior period revenue is measured as revenue for the three     
     months ended September 30, 2020 from our Software Platform Enterprise  
     Clients as of September 30, 2020.                                      
     Current period revenue is revenue for the three months ended           
     September 30, 2021 from Software Platform Enterprise Clients as of     
  3  September 30, 2020.                                                    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
74

are able to match these ads with relevant users resulting in a better return
on their advertising spend. By increasing the number of users and their
engagement, as well as better matching ads
with the appropriate target audience, we are able to increase our revenue
from business clients that purchase advertising inventory from our Apps.
Revenue from business clients related to our Apps is generated from ads
purchased by advertisers, as
well as from revenue-sharing agreements between some of our studios and a
selection of third-party studios for which they publish and monetize games.

Consumer Revenue

Consumer Revenue is generated when a user of one of our Apps makes an in-app
purchase (IAP). Our
Apps are generally free-to-play mobile games and generate Consumer Revenue
through IAPs. IAPs consist of virtual goods used to enhance gameplay,
accelerate access to
certain features or levels, and augment other mobile game progression
opportunities for the user. IAPs drive more engagement and better economics
from our Apps. The vast majority of our IAP revenue flows through two app
stores, Apple App Store and
Google Play, which charge us a standard commission on IAPs.

During the three months ended September 30, 2021, we had an
average of 2.9 million Monthly Active Payers (MAPs) across our portfolio of
Apps. Over that period, we had an Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer
(ARPMAP) of $44. Leveraging the benefit of our integrated Core Technologies,
Software
Platform, and Apps, we see opportunities to grow our App-related revenue
streams by increasing MAPs and expanding ARPMAP within existing games and
through new game development, acquisitions and partnerships. See “—Key
Metrics” below
for additional information on how we calculate MAPs and ARPMAP.

75

Key Metrics We review the following key metrics on a regular basis in order
to evaluate the health of our business, identify trends affecting our
performance, prepare financial projections, and make strategic decisions.
Our key metrics are not based on any standardized industry methodology and
are not necessarily calculated in the same manner or comparable to similarly
titled measures presented by other companies. Similarly, our key metrics may
differ from estimates published by third parties or from similarly titled
metrics of our competitors due to differences in methodology. The numbers
that we use to calculate TSTV, MAP, and ARPMAP are based on internal data.
While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable judgments
and estimates for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent
challenges in measuring usage and engagement. We regularly review and may
adjust our processes for calculating our internal metrics to improve their
accuracy. Annual Key Metrics Enterprise Clients.We focus on the number of
Enterprise Clients, which are third-party business clients from whom we have
collected greater than $125,000 of revenue in the trailing 12 months to a
given date. Enterprise Clients generate the vast majority of our Business
Revenue and Business Revenue growth. We expect to increase the revenue from
Enterprise Clients over time. Revenue Per Enterprise Client (RPEC).We define
RPEC as (i) the total revenue derived from our Enterprise Clients in a
twelve-month period, divided by (ii) Enterprise Clients as of the end of
that same period. RPEC shows how efficiently we are monetizing each
Enterprise Client. We expect to increase RPEC over time as we enhance our
Software Platform and Apps. The following table shows our Enterprise Clients
as of December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020, and September 30, 2020 and 2021,
and our RPEC for 2018, 2019, and 2020 and the twelve months ended September
30, 2020 and 2021.
                                                                            
                                                        Twelve              
                    Year                                Months              
                   Ended                                 Ended              
                December                               Septem…              
                     31,                                   30,              
                    2018        2019        2020          2020        2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Enterp…            192         167         172           156         325  
  Clients                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                   
  Per                                                                       
  Enterp…    $     2,184    $  3,515    $  4,081    $    3,931    $  3,435  
  Client                                                                    
  (in                                                                       
  thousa…                                                                   
                                                                            
Quarterly Key Metrics Software Platform Enterprise Clients (SPECs).We focus
on the number of SPECs, which are third-party business clients from whom we
have collected greater than $31,250 of Software Platform revenue in the
three months to a given date, equating to an annual run-rate of $125,000 in
revenue. SPECs generate the vast majority of our Business Revenue—Software
Platform and Business Revenue—Software Platform growth. Revenue Per Software
Platform Enterprise Client (Revenue per SPEC).We define Revenue per SPEC as
(i) the total revenue derived from our Software Platform Enterprise Clients
in a three-month period, divided by (ii) Software Platform Enterprise
Clients as of the end of that same period. Revenue per SPEC shows how
efficiently we are monetizing each SPEC. We expect to increase Revenue per
SPEC over time as we enhance our Software Platform and Apps. 76

The following table shows our SPECs and Revenue per SPEC as of the three-
months ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020 and the three-months ended
September 30, 2020 and 2021.
                                                                            
                     Three                                                  
                    Months                                                  
                     Ended                                                  
                  December                             Septemb…             
                       31,                                  30,             
                      2018       2019       2020           2020       2021  
  SPEC                 152        133        158            111        449  
  Revenue                                                                   
  per SPEC    $        431    $   338    $   500    $       360    $   398  
  (in                                                                       
  thousan…                                                                  
                                                                            
Total Software Transaction Value (TSTV).Business Software Platform revenue
is from third-party clients using our software platform to find new
customers. We do not recognize revenue from our own spend on our software
platform. Therefore, we use TSTV to measure the scale and growth rates of
our software platform, as it reflects the total value on our software
platform including our first-party studios as though they were stand-alone
businesses. The following table shows our TSTV for the years ended December
31, 2018, 2019, and 2020 and for the three months ended September 30, 2020
and 2021.
                                                                            
                                                        Three               
                Year                                   Months               
               Ended                                    Ended               
              Decem…                                  Septem…               
                 31,                                      30,               
                2018          2019         2020          2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Total                                                                     
  Soft…    $  283,4…    $  281,079    $  295,6…    $   62,283    $  275,6…  
  Tran…                                                                     
  Value                                                                     
                                                                            
Monthly Active Payers ( M A P s).We define a MAP as a unique mobile device
active on one of our Apps in a month that completed at least one IAP during
that time period. A consumer who makes IAPs within two separate Apps on the
same mobile device in a monthly period will be counted as two MAPs. MAPs for
a particular time period longer than one month are the average MAPs for each
month during that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating
certain data from third-party attribution partners. Some of our Apps do not
utilize such third-party attribution partners, and therefore our MAPs figure
for any period does not capture every user that completed an IAP on our
Apps. We estimate that our counted MAPs generated approximately 98% of our
Consumer Revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020, and as such,
management believes that MAPs are still a useful metric to measure the
engagement and monetization potential of our games. We expect to increase
our MAPs over time as we increase the number of our Apps and enhance the
engagement and monetization of our Apps. Average Revenue Per Monthly Active
Payer (ARPMAP).We define ARPMAP as (i) the total Consumer Revenue derived
from our Apps in a monthly period, divided by (ii) MAPs in that same period.
ARPMAP for a particular time period longer than one month is the average
ARPMAP for each month during that period. ARPMAP shows how efficiently we
are monetizing each MAP. We expect to increase ARPMAP over time as we
enhance the monetization of our Apps. The following table shows our Monthly
Active Payers and Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer for 2018, 2019,
and 2020 and for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2021.
                                                                            
                                                          Three             
                     Year                                Months             
                    Ended                                 Ended             
                 December                             September             
                      31,                                   30,             
                     2018       2019       2020            2020       2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Monthly                                                                   
  Active              0.3        1.0        1.5             1.5        2.9  
  Payers                                                                    
  (millio…                                                                  
  Average                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                   
  Per         $        11    $    32    $    41    $         46    $    44  
  Monthly                                                                   
  Active                                                                    
  Payer                                                                     
                                                                            
77

Non-GAAPFinancial Metrics Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin We
define Adjusted EBITDA for a particular period as net income (loss) before
interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, other (income) expense,
net, provision for (benefit from) income taxes, amortization, depreciation
and write-offs and as further adjusted for stock-based compensation expense,
acquisition-related expense and transaction bonus, loss (gain) on
extinguishments of acquisition related continent consideration, non-
operating foreign exchange losses, lease modification and abandonment of
leasehold improvements, and change in the fair value of contingent
consideration. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided
by revenue for the same period. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
are key measures we use to assess our financial performance and are also
used for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are helpful to investors, analysts, and
other interested parties because they can assist in providing a more
consistent and comparable overview of our operations across our historical
financial periods. In addition, these measures are frequently used by
analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate and assess
performance. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin in
conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our overall assessment of our
performance, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and
quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business
strategies, and to communicate with our board of directors concerning our
financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-
GAAPfinancial measures and are presented for supplemental informational
purposes only and should not be considered as alternatives or substitutes to
financial information presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures have
certain limitations in that they do not include the impact of certain
expenses that are reflected in our consolidated statement of operations that
are necessary to run our business. Our definitions may differ from the
definitions used by other companies and therefore comparability may be
limited. In addition, other companies may not publish these or similar
metrics. Furthermore, these metrics have certain limitations in that they do
not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our
consolidated statement of operations that are necessary to run our business.
Thus, our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should be considered in
addition to, not as substitutes for, or in isolation from, measures prepared
in accordance with GAAP. The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA margin for 2018, 2019, and 2020 and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, and a reconciliation of net income (loss)
to Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                            
                                                      Ni…                   
            Year                                      Mo…                   
            End…                                      En…                   
            Dec…                                      Se…                   
             31,                                      30,                   
            2018          2019          2020          20…          2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
             -in                                                            
            tho…                                                            
            exc…                                                            
            per…                                                            
  Net                                                                       
  in…    $  (25…  )    $  119…       $  (12…  )    $  (1…  )    $  3,9…     
  (l…                                                                       
  Ad…                                                                       
  as                                                                        
  fo…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  lo…       484…          73,…          77,…          57…          72,…     
  on                                                                        
  se…                                                                       
  of                                                                        
  de…                                                                       
  Ot…                                                                       
  (i…       (1,…  )       (5,…  )       (6,…  )       (6…  )       (6,…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  ne…                                                                       
  Pr…                                                                       
  for                                                                       
  (b…       19,…          7,1…          (9,…  )       (2…  )       13,…     
  fr…                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  ta…                                                                       
  Am…                                                                       
  de…       16,…          92,…          254…          15…          315…     
  and                                                                       
  wr…                                                                       
  No…                                                                       
  fo…                                                                       
  ex…          —             —          1,2…          731          (1,…  )  
  (g…                                                                       
  lo…                                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The nine months ended September 30, 2021 excludes recurring          
  (1)  operational foreign exchange gains and losses and                    
       write-off of an investment that is included in amortization,         
       depreciation and write-offs line item above.                         
                                                                            
78
                                                                            
                                                     Ni…                    
           Ye…                                       Mo…                    
           En…                                       En…                    
           De…                                       Se…                    
           31,                                       30,                    
           20…           20…          2020           20…           2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           -in                                                              
           th…                                                              
           ex…                                                              
           pe…                                                              
  S…       5,…           10…          62,…           19…           94,…     
  c…                                                                        
  A…                                                                        
  e…                                                                        
  a…       2,…           3,…          7,8…           5,…           14,…     
  t…                                                                        
  b…                                                                        
  L…                                                                        
  (…                                                                        
  on                                                                        
  e…                                                                        
  of       (1…  )          —          74,…           74…              —     
  a…                                                                        
  r…                                                                        
  c…                                                                        
  c…                                                                        
  C…                                                                        
  in                                                                        
  t…                                                                        
  f…         —             —           442             —           (230  )  
  v…                                                                        
  of                                                                        
  c…                                                                        
  c…                                                                        
  L…                                                                        
  m…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  a…         —             —          7,8…           7,…              —     
  of                                                                        
  l…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  A…    $  25…        $  30…       $  345…        $  20…        $  505…     
  E…                                                                        
  N…                                                                        
  i…       (5…  )%       12…  %       (8.7  )%       (1…  )%        0.2  %  
  (…                                                                        
  m…                                                                        
  A…                                                                        
  E…       52…  %        30…  %       23.8  %        22…  %        25.3  %  
  m…                                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The nine months ended September 30, 2021 includes $2.3 million of    
  (2)  bonus compensation settled in stock outside                          
       of the scope of ASC 718.                                             
                                                                            
In 2019 and 2020, our net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA included $0.2
million and $62.0 million related to the fair value adjustment of the
deferred revenue balance assumed as a result of the acquisitions of SafeDK
in 2019 and Machine Zone in 2020. Factors Affecting Our Performance We
believe that the future success of our business depends on many factors,
including the factors described below. While each of these factors presents
significant opportunities for our business, they also pose important
challenges that we must successfully address in order to continue to grow
profitably while maintaining strong cash flow. Continue to invest in
innovation We have made, and intend to continue to make, significant
investments in our Core Technologies and Software Platform to enhance their
effectiveness and value proposition for our business clients. We expect that
these investments will require spending on research and development, and
acquisitions and partnerships related to technology components and products.
We believe investments in our software, including AXON, AppDiscovery,
Adjust, and MAX, will further improve their effectiveness for developers.
Our investments will also allow us to enter new mobile app sectors outside
of gaming. While our investments in research and development and
acquisitions and partnerships may not result in revenue in the near term, we
believe these investments position us to increase our revenue over time.
Retain and grow existing business clients We rely on existing business
clients for a significant portion of our revenue. As we improve our Software
Platform and Apps, we can attract additional spend from these business
clients. Our business clients include indie studio developers and some of
the largest mobile advertising platforms in the world. We believe there is
significant room for us to further expand our relationships with these
clients and increase their usage of our Software Platform. We have invested
in targeted sales and account-based marketing efforts, including through
Adjust’s sales and marketing teams, to identify and showcase opportunities
to business clients and plan to continue to do so in the future. 79

In the past, our business clients have generally increased their usage of
our Software
Platform and Apps, and as a result, growth from existing business clients
has been a primary driver of our revenue growth. We must continue to retain
our existing business clients and expand their spend with us over time to
continue to grow our
revenue, increase profitability and drive greater cash flow.

Add new business clients globally

Our future success depends in part on our ability to acquire new business
clients. We recently increased our focus on markets outside the
United States to serve the needs of business clients globally. In 2020, only
39% of our revenue from business clients was generated from outside of the
United States. We believe that the global opportunity is significant and
will continue to expand
as developers and advertisers outside the United States adopt our Software
Platform and advertise on our Apps. We also see opportunities to acquire new
business clients outside of mobile gaming, as the capabilities of our Core
Technologies and
Software Platform are relevant to the broader mobile app ecosystem. We are
investing in direct sales, product development, education, and other
capabilities to drive increased awareness and adoption of our Software
Platform and Apps, which
investments may impact our profitability in the near term as we seek further
scale. We must continue to acquire new business clients to grow our revenue,
increase profitability, and drive greater cash flow.

Optimization, growth, and expansion of our AppLovin Apps

We plan to continue to invest in developing new Apps and enhancing existing
Apps. Because our Apps are typically free to download and
use, economically acquiring users and monetizing through advertising and
IAPs is critical to the future success of our Apps. We plan to launch
several new Apps per year, as well as continue to make investments by
acquiring and partnering with
studios in mobile gaming and other mobile app sectors.

Given our expertise in app marketing, we are able to pursue a
highly-optimized and scaled user acquisition investment playbook. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2021, we invested $816.2 million in sales
and marketing, a large percentage of which was invested in user acquisition
to grow the number
of users engaging with our Apps. We believe the scale, insights, and
effective monetization strategies provided through our Core Technologies and
Software Platform, and our integrated business model allow us to optimize ad
spend across our portfolio
of Apps. We also invest in the growth of our Apps by improving in-game
monetization, optimizing game economies and in-game conversion, and
opt-in business services, such as creative services and localization. We
must continue to optimize, grow, and expand our Apps portfolio to grow our
revenue, increase profitability, and drive greater cash flow.

Continued execution of strategic acquisitions and partnerships

We intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions and enter into
strategic partnerships to grow our portfolio of Apps and add
complementary software and tools to our Software Platform. From the
beginning of 2018 through September 30, 2021, we have invested over $2.5
billion in 26 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with mobile app
developers and for technologies
to enhance our Software Platform including the acquisition of MAX in 2018,
Adjust in April 2021, and the pending acquisition of MoPub. We have been
very successful in growing mobile apps that we have added to our Apps
portfolio.

While we have a strong pipeline of strategic acquisition and partnership
opportunities, we believe our future results of operations will
be affected by our ability to continue to identify and execute such
transactions that are accretive to our growth and profitability.

80

Growth and structure of the mobile app ecosystem

Our business and results of operations will be impacted by industry factors
that drive overall performance of the mobile app ecosystem.
The mobile app ecosystem has grown rapidly in recent years. We expect that
any acceleration, or slowing, of this growth would affect our business and
results of operations. In addition, even if the mobile app ecosystem
continues to grow at its
current rate, our ability to position ourselves within the market will
impact our business and results of operations.

Mobile app
developers, including AppLovin, rely on third-party platforms, such as the
Apple App Store and Google Play Store, among others, to distribute games,
collect payments made for IAPs, and target users with relevant advertising.
We expect this to
continue for the foreseeable future. These third-party platforms have
significant market power and discretion to set platform fees, select which
apps to promote, and decide how much consumer information to provide to
advertising networks that enable
our Core Technologies and Software Platform to target users with
personalized and relevant advertising and allocate marketing campaigns in an
efficient and cost-effective manner. Any changes made in the policies of
third-party platforms could drive
rapid change across the mobile app ecosystem. For example, in June 2020,
Apple announced a plan to overhaul IDFA as part of a new proposed
application tracking transparency framework that, among other things, would
require opt-in consent
for certain types of tracking. This transparency framework, which began
being rolled out in late April 2021, has had a limited aggregate impact and
may in the future have an impact on the effectiveness of our advertising
practices and/or our ability
to efficiently generate revenue for our Apps. We rely in part on IDFA to
provide us with data that helps our Software Platform better market and
monetize Apps. The proposed IDFA and transparency changes may require us to
further engage in
significant changes to our data collection practices, which may require our
expenditure of substantial costs and resources, and to the extent we are
unable to utilize IDFA or a similar offering, or if the transparency changes
and any
related opt-in or other requirements result in decreases in the availability
or utility of data relating to Apps, our Software Platform may not be as
effective, we may not be able to continue to efficiently generate revenue
for our Apps,
and our revenue and results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, Apple
implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures regarding privacy and
data processing practices in December 2020, which has resulted in increased
compliance
requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps. These or any
similar changes to the policies of Apple or Google may materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. To date, these data
privacy changes have had a relatively muted aggregate impact on our overall
results of operations.

New tools for developers,
industry standards, and platforms may emerge in the future. We believe our
focus on the mobile app ecosystem has allowed us to understand the needs of
our business clients and our relentless innovation has enabled us to quickly
adapt to changes in
the industry and pioneer new solutions. We must continue to innovate and
stay ahead of developments in the mobile app ecosystem in order for our
business to succeed and our results of operations to continue to improve.

Definitive Agreement to Acquire MoPub

On
October 6, 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire from
Twitter, Inc. the MoPub business for approximately $1.05 billion. The
closing of the transaction is expected to occur in early 2022 and is subject
to customary conditions and
regulatory approvals. We plan to integrate MoPub’s reach and product
features into our existing Software Platform to better maximize revenue
growth and improve efficiencies for our combined customers.

Term Loans and Amendment to Credit Agreement

On October 25, 2021, we entered into Amendment No. 6 (Amendment No. 6), to
that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2018, by
and among us, as borrower, Bank of America,

81

N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other parties
thereto, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of
April 23, 2019, Amendment No. 2 to the Credit
Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2020, Amendment No. 3 to the Credit
Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2020, Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement,
dated as of October 27, 2020 and Amendment No. 5 to the Credit Agreement,
dated as of February 12, 2021
(the Credit Agreement; and as amended by Amendment No. 6, the Amended Credit
Agreement).

Pursuant to Amendment No. 6 and the
Amended Credit Agreement, certain additional lenders agreed to provide
incremental loans in an aggregate amount of $1.5 billion (such incremental
loans, the Amendment No. 6 New Term Loans). The Amendment No. 6 New Term
Loans have (a) a maturity date
of October 25, 2028 (or if not a business day, the immediately preceding
business day), (b) a floor on LIBOR Loans of 50 basis points, and (c) an
applicable margin for LIBOR Loans equal to 3.00% (or 2.00% for ABR Loans),
in each case, subject to and
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Amended Credit Agreement.
Except as set forth in Amendment No. 6 and the Amended Credit Agreement, the
other terms and conditions of the Amendment No. 6 New Term Loans are
consistent with the term
loans outstanding immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 6.

Impact of COVID-19

The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social distancing and shelter-in-place
orders put in place around the world have caused widespread disruption in
global economies, productivity, and financial markets and have altered the
way in which we conduct our day-to-day business. As a result of the COVID-19
pandemic we have temporarily closed our offices around the world, including
our
corporate headquarters in Palo Alto, California, and implemented travel
restrictions. Our Software Platform and Apps do not require physical
interaction, thus, our ability to meet the needs of our clients and users
has not been materially affected.
The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and the
extent to which the pandemic may impact our business, financial condition,
and results of operations in the future remains uncertain. See
the section titled “Risk Factors—The COVID-19 pandemic and responses thereto
across the globe have altered how individuals interact with each other and
affected how we and our business partners are
operating, and the extent to which this situation will impact our future
results of operations remains uncertain” for additional information.

Components of Results of Operations

Revenue

We collect Business Revenue from advertisers spending on our Software
Platform and Apps. The majority of our Business Revenue comes from
our Software Platform and is generated from our advertisers, typically on a
performance-based, cost-per-install basis, then shared with our advertising
publishers,
typically on a cost per impression model. Business Revenue generated from
our Apps comes from advertisers that purchase ad inventory from our diverse
portfolio of Apps. Business Revenue from our Apps was 71% and 53% of total
Business Revenue in 2020
and the nine months ended September 30, 2021, respectively.

We generate Consumer Revenue from IAPs made by users within our Apps.

Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses

Cost of revenue.Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees for distribution partners, amortization
of acquired technology related intangible assets, and expenses associated
with operating our network infrastructure. Third-party payment processing
fees relate to Consumer Revenue. The fees for IAPs are processed and
collected by third-party
distribution partners.

82

Network operating costs include bandwidth, energy, other equipment costs
related to our co-located data centers, and costs for third-party cloud
service
providers. We expect our cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars
over the long term as our business and revenue continue to grow. We also
expect our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-
over-period.

Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses,
personnel-related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in sales and marketing, and amortization
of acquired user-related intangible assets, marketing programs, travel,
customer service costs,
and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to grow our
customer base and increase brand awareness. As a result, we expect sales and
marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our sales
and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-
period in the near
term as we invest to grow our customer base and increase brand awareness,
and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from greater scale.

Research and development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of product development costs, including
personnel-related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in research and development, professional
services costs related to development of new apps by third parties,
consulting costs, regulatory
compliance costs, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in research and
development to continue to enhance our Core Technologies and Software
Platform, and to improve existing games and develop new games. As a result,
we expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars.
We also expect our
research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate
period-over-period in the near term as we invest to enhance our Core
Technologies and Software Platform and improve our existing Apps and develop
new Apps, and to decrease
over the long term as we benefit from greater scale.

General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of costs incurred to support our business, including personnel-
related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in finance, accounting, legal, human
resources and administration,
professional services fees for legal, accounting, recruiting, and
administrative services (including acquisition-related expenses), insurance,
travel, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in our general and administrative function to
support the growth of our business. In addition, we expect
to incur additional general and administrative expenses as a result of
operating as a public company, including expenses related to compliance and
reporting obligations of a public company, increased insurance and investor
relations expenses, and
increased professional services fees (including acquisition-related
expenses). As a result, we expect general and administrative expenses to
increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our general and administrative
expenses as a percentage of
revenue to fluctuate period-over-period in the near term as we invest to
support the growth of our business, and to decrease over the long term as we
benefit from greater scale.

Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt. Interest expense and loss
on settlement of debt consists primarily of loss
related to debt extinguishment, interest expense associated with our
outstanding debt, including accretion of debt discount, and changes in fair
value of interest rate swap accounted for as a cash flow hedge related to
the stream of variable
interest payments associated with a portion of our outstanding debt.

83

Other income (expense), net.Other income (expense), net, includes interest
earned on our cash and cash equivalents, gains and losses related to
embedded derivatives and other financial instruments accounted for at fair
value, and foreign currency exchange gains (losses), which consist primarily
of remeasurement of transactions and monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency at the end of
the period. Provision for (benefit from) income taxes.We are subject to
income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do
business. These foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates
than those in the United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign
earnings may also be taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our
effective tax rate will vary depending on the relative proportion of foreign
to domestic income, impacts from acquisition restructuring, deduction
benefits related to foreign-derived intangible income, future changes in the
valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax
laws. Additionally, our effective tax rate can vary based on the amount of
pre-tax income or loss. Results of Operations The following tables summarize
our consolidated statement of operations in dollar amounts. The period to
period comparisons of results is not necessarily indicative of results for
future periods.
                                                                            
                                                      Ni…                   
            Year                                      Mo…                   
            End…                                      En…                   
            Dec…                                      Se…                   
             31,                                      30,                   
            2018          2019          2020          20…          2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
             -in                                                            
            tho…                                                            
  Re…    $  483…       $  994…       $  1,4…       $  94…       $  1,9…     
  Co…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  Co…                                                                       
  of        53,…          241…          555…          35…          722…     
  re…                                                                       
  Sa…                                                                       
  and       166…          481…          627…          41…          816…     
  ma…                                                                       
  Re…                                                                       
  and       16,…          44,…          180…          99…          246…     
  de…                                                                       
  Ge…                                                                       
  and       14,…          31,…          66,…          41…          122…     
  ad…                                                                       
  Ex…                                                                       
  of                                                                        
  ac…       (10…  )          —          74,…          74…             —     
  co…                                                                       
  co…                                                                       
  Le…                                                                       
  mo…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  ab…          0             0          7,8…          7,…             —     
  of                                                                        
  le…                                                                       
  im…                                                                       
  To…                                                                       
  co…       240…          799…          1,5…          99…          1,9…     
  and                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  (l…       242…          194…          (62…  )       (5…  )       91,…     
  fr…                                                                       
  op…                                                                       
  Ot…                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  (e…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  and                                                                       
  lo…       (48…  )       (73…  )       (77…  )       (5…  )       (72…  )  
  on                                                                        
  se…                                                                       
  of                                                                        
  de…                                                                       
  Ot…                                                                       
  in…       1,9…          5,8…          4,2…          5,…          (997  )  
  (e…                                                                       
  net                                                                       
  To…                                                                       
  ot…       (48…  )       (68…  )       (73…  )       (5…  )       (73…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  In…                                                                       
  (l…                                                                       
  be…       (24…  )       126…          (13…  )       (1…  )       17,…     
  in…                                                                       
  ta…                                                                       
  Pr…                                                                       
  for                                                                       
  (b…       19,…          7,1…          (9,…  )       (2…  )       13,…     
  fr…                                                                       
  in…                                                                       
  ta…                                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  in…    $  (25…  )    $  119…       $  (12…  )    $  (1…  )    $  3,9…     
  (l…                                                                       
                                                                            
84
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                            
                                                         Nine               
                  Year                                 Months               
                 Ended                                  Ended               
               Decemb…                                 Septe…               
                   31,                                    30,               
                  2018         2019         2020         2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   -in                                                      
               thousa…                                                      
  Cost                                                                      
  of        $      517    $     124    $     982    $     204    $   1,504  
  reven…                                                                    
  Sales                                                                     
  and            2,582        1,922       10,668        2,812        8,814  
  marke…                                                                    
  Resea…                                                                    
  and            1,009        5,009       36,852       10,692       40,148  
  devel…                                                                    
  Gener…                                                                    
  and            1,357        3,167       13,885        5,654       41,362  
  admin…                                                                    
  Total                                                                     
  stock…    $    5,465    $  10,222    $  62,387    $  19,362    $  91,828  
  compe…                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                         Nine               
                 Year                                  Months               
                Ended                                   Ended               
              Decemb…                                 Septem…               
                  31,                                     30,               
                 2018         2019         2020          2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                  -in                                                       
              thousa…                                                       
  Cost                                                                      
  of       $    7,932    $  74,787    $  228,3…    $  137,673    $  273,4…  
  reve…                                                                     
  Sales                                                                     
  and             495        7,641       11,587         8,470       16,008  
  mark…                                                                     
  Total                                                                     
  amor…                                                                     
  expe…                                                                     
  rela…    $    8,427    $  82,428    $  239,9…    $  146,143    $  289,4…  
  to                                                                        
  acqu…                                                                     
  inta…                                                                     
                                                                            
The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements
of operations for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue
(1):
                                                                            
                                                      Nine                  
               Year                                 Months                  
              Ended                                  Ended                  
            Decemb…                                Septem…                  
                31,                                    30,                  
               2018        2019        2020           2020        2021      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Reven…        100  %      100  %      100  %         100  %      100  %   
  Costs                                                                     
  and                                                                       
  expen…                                                                    
  Cost                                                                      
  of             11  %       24  %       38  %          38  %       36  %   
  reven…                                                                    
  Sales                                                                     
  and            35  %       48  %       43  %          44  %       41  %   
  marke…                                                                    
  Resea…                                                                    
  and             3  %        5  %       12  %          11  %       12  %   
  devel…                                                                    
  Gener…                                                                    
  and             3  %        3  %        5  %           4  %        6  %   
  admin…                                                                    
  Extin…                                                                    
  of                                                                        
  acqui…         (2  )%       —  %        5  %           8  %        —  %   
  conti…                                                                    
  consi…                                                                    
  Lease                                                                     
  modif…                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  aband…          —  %        —  %        1  %           1  %        —  %   
  of                                                                        
  lease…                                                                    
  impro…                                                                    
  Total                                                                     
  costs          50  %       80  %      104  %         106  %       95  %   
  and                                                                       
  expen…                                                                    
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)         50  %       20  %       (4  )%         (6  )%       5  %   
  from                                                                      
  opera…                                                                    
  Other                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  (expe…                                                                    
  Inter…                                                                    
  expen…                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  loss         (100  )%      (7  )%      (5  )%         (6  )%      (4  )%  
  on                                                                        
  settl…                                                                    
  of                                                                        
  debt                                                                      
  Other                                                                     
  income          0  %        1  %        0  %           1  %        —  %   
  (expe…                                                                    
  net                                                                       
  Total                                                                     
  other        (100  )%      (7  )%      (5  )%         (6  )%      (4  )%  
  expen…                                                                    
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  before        (50  )%      13  %       (9  )%        (12  )%       1  %   
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Provi…                                                                    
  for                                                                       
  (bene…          4  %        1  %       (1  )%          0  %        1  %   
  from)                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net                                                                       
  income        (54  )%      12  %       (9  )%        (11  )%       0  %   
  (loss)                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                       
  (1)  Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.  
                                                                       
85

Comparison of Our Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2020 and 2021 Revenue
                                                                            
                            Nine Months                                     
                                  Ended                                     
                          September 30,                    2020 to 2021     
                                   2020            2021        % change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Business          $           327,915    $    475,394              45  %  
  Revenue—Apps                                                              
  Business                                                                  
  Revenue—Softw…                127,262         427,390             236  %  
  Platform                                                                  
  Total Business                455,177         902,784              98  %  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Consumer                      486,072       1,096,850             126  %  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Total Revenue     $           941,249    $  1,999,634             112  %  
                                                                            
Total revenue increased by $1,058.4 million, or 112%, for the nine months
ended September 30, 2021 compared to the prior year period due to increases
in Business Revenue from our Software Platform of 236%, Business Revenue
from our Apps of 45% and Consumer Revenue of 126%. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2021, our Business Revenue increased by $447.6 million from
the prior year period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2021, our
Business Revenue from our Software Platform increased by $300.1 million from
the prior year period primarily due to AppDiscovery where installations
increased 79% and price per installation increased 66% compared to the prior
year period as well as our addition of Adjust during the period. Our
Business Revenue from Apps grew due to a 43% increase in the volume of
advertising impressions and a 1% increase in price per advertising
impression compared to the prior year period. Usage of advertising inventory
by our Owned Studios and Partner Studios represented 23% of installations
during the nine months ended September 30, 2021. We do not recognize
Business Revenue from transactions with our Owned Studios and Partner
Studios. For the nine months ended September 30, 2021, our Consumer Revenue
increased by $610.8 million from the prior year period, primarily due to a
116% increase in the volume of in-app purchases, as well as a 4% increase in
price per in-app purchase. Cost of revenue
                                                                            
                        Nine Months                                         
                              Ended                                         
                      September 30,                        2020 to 2021     
                               2020             2021           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Cost of          $        357,564       $  722,966                102  %  
  revenue                                                                   
  Percentage of                  38  %            36  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Cost of revenue in the nine months ended September 30, 2021 increased by
$365.4 million, or 102%, compared to the same period in the prior year. The
increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2021 was primarily due to an
increase of $171.2 million in third-party payment processing fees as a
result of the growth in Consumer Revenue, $139.9 million in depreciation and
amortization of acquired-technology driven by an increase in acquisition
activity, and an increase in expenses associated with operating our network
infrastructure driven by the growth in our operations of $34.3 million. 86

Sales and marketing
                                                                            
                        Nine Months                                         
                              Ended                                         
                      September 30,                        2020 to 2021     
                               2020             2021           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Sales and        $        417,000       $  816,200                 96  %  
  marketing                                                                 
  Percentage of                  44  %            41  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Sales and marketing expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2021
increased by $399.2 million, or 96%, compared to the same period in the
prior year primarily due to a $353.1 million increase in user acquisition
costs. Research and development
                                                                            
                        Nine Months                                         
                              Ended                                         
                      September 30,                        2020 to 2021     
                               2020             2021           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                     -in thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Research and    $          99,950       $  246,861                147  %  
  development                                                               
  Percentage                     11  %            12  %                     
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
Research and development expenses in the nine months ended September 30,
2021 increased by $146.9 million, or 147%, compared to the same period in
the prior year. The increase in the nine months was primarily due to an
increase of $75.4 million in professional services costs related to
development of new games by third parties and an increase of $63.2 million
in personnel-related expenses related to an increase in stock-based
compensation as a result of higher fair value of our common stock and an
increase in headcount. General and administrative
                                                                            
                        Nine Months                                         
                              Ended                                         
                      September 30,                        2020 to 2021     
                               2020             2021           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                     -in thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  General and     $          41,256       $  122,116                196  %  
  administrat…                                                              
  Percentage                      4  %             6  %                     
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
General and administrative expenses in the nine months ended September 30,
2021 increased by $80.9 million, or 196% compared to the same period in the
prior year. The increase in the nine months was primarily due to an increase
of $60.6 million in personnel-related expenses related to an increase stock-
based compensation expense due to higher fair value of our common stock and
an increase in headcount to support our growth and an increase of $9.7
million in professional services costs primarily associated with audit, tax,
and legal support. Extinguishments of acquisition-related contingent
consideration In 2020, we reached an agreement to amend the terms of an
asset acquisition agreement to settle the acquisition holdback and a portion
of the earn-out due to the seller 12 months following the acquisition’s
closing in 2019. We recorded an extinguishment loss of $74.7 million in 2020
in connection with this subsequent agreement and recognized a loss equal to
the excess of the fair value of consideration paid to the seller and the
fair value of the contingent consideration determined immediately prior to
this amendment. We agreed to settle for a combination of a cash payment and
issuance of certain shares of our Class A common stock. 87

Lease modification and abandonment of leasehold improvements We recognized a
net loss of $7.9 million in 2020 in connection with the termination of one
of Machine Zone’s leases and the write-offof leasehold improvements and
other assets related to this real estate lease. Interest expense and loss on
settlement of debt
                                                                            
                     Nine Months                                            
                     Ended                                                  
                     September                                              
                     30,                                   2020 to 2021     
                     2020                   2021               % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                     -in                                                    
                     thousands,                                             
                     except                                                 
                     percentages                                            
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on         $  (57,548       )     $  (72,796  )               26  %  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Percentage         (6            )%       (4       )%                     
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
In the nine months ended September 30, 2021, Interest expense and loss on
settlement of debt increased by $15.2 million, or 26%, compared to the same
period in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to a loss on the
settlement of term loans of $16.9 million during the period. Other income
(expense), net
                                                                            
                         Nine Months                                        
                               Ended                                        
                       September 30,                      2020 to 2021      
                                2020          2021        % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Other income                                                              
  (expense),       $           5,347       $  (997  )     (119          )%  
  net                                                                       
  Percentage of                    1  %       (0    )%                      
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
In the nine months ended September 30, 2021, Other income (expense), net
decreased by $6.3 million, or 119% compared to the same period in the prior
year. The decrease was primarily due to a net write-off of investments in
securities of $4.8 million, $3.5 million in fair value remeasurement of
convertible securities, and $3.4 million in debt issuance costs, partially
offset by $3.2 million in fair value remeasurement of embedded derivatives
and $3.0 million in net foreign exchange gains. Provision for (benefit from)
Income Taxes
                                                                            
                     Nine Months                                            
                     Ended                                                  
                     September 30,                        2020 to 2021      
                     2020                      2021       % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                     -in                                                    
                     thousands,                                             
                     except                                                 
                     percentages                                            
  Provision                                                                 
  for (benefit    $  (2,324         )     $  13,767       (692          )%  
  from) income                                                              
  taxes                                                                     
  Percentage         (0             )%            1  %                      
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
In the nine months ended September 30, 2021, provision for (benefit from)
income taxes increased by $16.1 million compared to the same period in the
prior year. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net income
before taxes of $127.0 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2021, as compared to a net loss before taxes in the nine months ended
September 30, 2020, establishment of valuation allowance against losses
which cannot be realized of $21.1 million, offset by a decrease in foreign
tax rate differential of $2.3 million, an increase in foreign derived
intangible income deduction of $7.9 million, an increase in net excess tax
benefits from stock-based compensation of $7.5 million, and a decrease in
extinguishments of acquisition-related contingent consideration of $8.9
million during the nine months ended September 30, 2021. 88

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 Revenue
                                                                            
                             Year Ended                                     
                           December 31,                    2019 to 2020     
                                   2019            2020        % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                         -in thousands,                                     
                                 except                                     
                            percentages                                     
  Business          $           397,643    $    503,867              27  %  
  Revenue—Apps                                                              
  Business                                                                  
  Revenue—Softw…                198,305         207,285               5  %  
  Platform                                                                  
  Total Business    $           595,948    $    711,152              19  %  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Consumer                      398,156         739,934              86  %  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Total Revenue     $           994,104    $  1,451,086              46  %  
                                                                            
Total revenue increased $457.0 million, or 46%, in 2020 compared to 2019 due
to increases in Business Revenue—Apps of 27%, Business Revenue—Software
Platform of 5%, and an increase in Consumer Revenue of 86%. Our Business
Revenue increased by $115.2 million from 2019 to 2020. Our revenue from
Enterprise Clients drove the vast majority of this increase, as revenue from
Enterprise Clients represented 99% of Business Revenue in 2020. RPEC
increased from approximately $3.5 million to $4.1 million from 2019 to 2020,
while the number of Enterprise Clients increased from 167 to 172 over the
same period. The increase in our Business Revenue from Apps of $106.2
million was primarily as a result of increased advertising revenue from Apps
acquired in 2020 which contributed 57% of the increase, as well as increased
advertising revenue from our existing Apps and new Apps developed by our
Owned and Partner Studios, which together contributed 43% of the increase.
Our Business Revenue from Apps grew due to a 27% increase in the volume of
advertising impressions in 2020 compared to 2019 while price per advertising
impression remained consistent with 2019. Our Business Revenue from our
Software Platform increased by $9.0 million from 2019 to 2020 primarily due
to a 45% increase in installations, partially offset by a 34% decrease in
price per installation. Our Business Revenue from our Software Platform was
also negatively impacted by increased usage of advertising inventory by our
growing portfolio of Owned Studios and Partner Studios as this inventory was
consumed by such studios rather than being sold to third-parties. Usage of
advertising inventory by our Owned Studios and Partner Studios represented
22% of installations in 2020. We do not recognize Business Revenue from
transactions with our Owned Studios and Partner Studios. Our Consumer
Revenue increased by $341.8 million from 2019 to 2020, primarily due to a
41% increase in the volume of in-app purchases, as well as a 32% increase in
price per in-app purchase. Apps acquired during 2020 generated $194.7
million of the increase, with Apps that were part of our portfolio prior to
the beginning of 2020 and newly developed Apps accounting for the remainder.
Cost of revenue
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2019 to 2020     
                               2019             2020           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Cost of          $        241,274       $  555,578                130  %  
  revenue                                                                   
  Percentage of                  24  %            38  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
89

Cost of revenue increased by $314.3 million, or 130%, in 2020 compared to
2019. The increase was primarily due to a $153.6 million increase in
amortization of acquired-technology driven by an increase in acquisition
activity, a $112.0 million increase in third-party payment processing fees
as a result of the growth in Consumer Revenue, a $28.6 million increase in
expenses associated with operating our network infrastructure driven by the
growth in our operations, and a $10.4 million increase in professional
service fees. Sales and marketing
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2019 to 2020     
                               2019             2020           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Sales and        $        481,781       $  627,796                 30  %  
  marketing                                                                 
  Percentage of                  48  %            43  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $146.0 million, or 30%, in 2020
compared to 2019. The increase was primarily due to a $115.1 million
increase in user acquisition costs, a $18.2 million increase in personnel-
related expenses primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation
due to higher fair value of our common stock and increase in headcount, and
a $7.0 million increase in professional service fees. Research and
development
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2019 to 2020     
                               2019             2020           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                     -in thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Research and    $          44,966       $  180,652                302  %  
  development                                                               
  Percentage                      5  %            12  %                     
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
Research and development expenses increased by $135.7 million, or 302%, in
2020 compared to 2019. The increase was primarily due to a $79.4 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to acquisitions, an
increase in stock-based compensation due to higher fair value of our common
stock and an increase in headcount, a $46.5 million increase in professional
services costs related to development of new games by third parties, and a
$4.6 million increase in rent and facilities costs. General and
administrative
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       2019 to 2020     
                                2019            2020           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  General and      $          31,712       $  66,431                109  %  
  administrati…                                                             
  Percentage of                    3  %            5  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
General and administrative expenses increased by $34.7 million, or 109%, in
2020 compared to 2019. The increase was primarily due to a $25.0 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily related to acquisitions and
an increase in stock-based compensation due to higher fair value of our
common stock, and a $6.7 million increase in professional service fees. 90

Extinguishments of acquisition-related contingent consideration In 2020, we
reached an agreement to amend the terms of an asset acquisition agreement to
settle the acquisition holdback and a portion of the earn-out due to the
seller 12 months following the acquisition’s closing in 2019. We agreed to
such amendment in order to provide equity ownership that would better align
the interests of the sellers with ours in light of their ongoing obligations
to us as part of a development and services agreement. We recorded an
extinguishment loss of $74.8 million in 2020 in connection with this
subsequent agreement and recognized a loss equal to the excess of the fair
value of consideration paid to the seller and the fair value of the
contingent consideration determined immediately prior to this amendment. We
agreed to settle for a combination of a cash payment of $3.4 million and
issuance of certain shares of our Class A common stock at a fair value of
$106.1 million as of the settlement date. Lease modification and abandonment
of leasehold improvements We recognized a net loss of $7.9 million in 2020
in connection with the termination of one of Machine Zone’s leases and the
write-off of leasehold improvements and other assets related to this real
estate lease. Interest expense
                                                                            
                    Year Ended                                              
                    December 31,                           2019 to 2020     
                    2019                    2020               % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                    -in                                                     
                    thousands,                                              
                    except                                                  
                    percentages                                             
  Interest       $  (73,955        )     $  (77,873  )                5  %  
  expense                                                                   
  Percentage        (7             )%       (5       )%                     
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
Interest expense increased by $3.9 million, or 5%, in 2020 compared to 2019.
This increase was primarily due to higher interest expense related to term
loans issued in 2020. Other income (expense), net
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                      2019 to 2020      
                                2019           2020       % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Other income                                                              
  (expense),       $           5,818       $  4,209       (28           )%  
  net                                                                       
  Percentage of                    1  %           0  %                      
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Other income (expense), net decreased by $1.6 million, or 28%, in 2020
compared to 2019. The change is mainly due to a $1.2 million increase in
foreign exchange loss attributable to a license asset obligation assumed as
part of the Machine Zone acquisition, a $4.6 million decrease in interest
earned, a $1.5 million increase in remeasurement losses offset by a $5.7
million increase due to a term loan embedded derivative gain. Provision for
(benefit from) income taxes
                                                                            
                        Year Ended                                          
                      December 31,                        2019 to 2020      
                              2019          2020          % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                               -in                                          
                        thousands,                                          
                            except                                          
                       percentages                                          
  Provision                                                                 
  for (benefit    $          7,194       $  (9,772  )     (236          )%  
  from) income                                                              
  taxes                                                                     
  Percentage                     1  %       (1      )%                      
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
91

The change from a $7.2 million provision for income taxes in 2019 to a $9.8
million benefit from income taxes in 2020 is primarily due to pre-tax losses
in 2020 as compared to pre-tax income in 2019. Our benefit from income taxes
in 2020 was also impacted by foreign income taxed at different rates, a
change in foreign deferred tax rates resulting from restructuring of the
Company, a reduction in foreign-derived intangible income deduction, an
increase in non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, and an increase
in non-deductible loss related to extinguishments of acquisition-related
contingent consideration. Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2018 and
2019 Revenue
                                                                            
                              Year Ended                                    
                            December 31,                  2018 to 2019      
                                    2018          2019        % Change      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          -in thousands,                                    
                                  except                                    
                             percentages                                    
  Business           $           166,259    $  397,643             139  %   
  Revenue—Apps                                                              
  Business                                                                  
  Revenue—Softwa…                262,997       198,305             (25  )%  
  Platform                                                                  
  Total Business                 429,256       595,948              39  %   
  Revenue                                                                   
  Consumer                        54,107       398,156             636  %   
  Revenue                                                                   
  Total Revenue      $           483,363    $  994,104             106  %   
                                                                            
Total revenue increased $510.7 million, or 106%, in 2019 compared to 2018
due to increases in Consumer Revenue of 636% and Business Revenue—Apps of
139% partially offset by a decrease in Business Revenue—Software Platform of
25%. Our Business Revenue increased by $166.7 million from 2018 to 2019. Our
revenue from Enterprise Clients drove the vast majority of this increase, as
revenue from Enterprise Clients represented 98% of Business Revenue in 2019.
RPEC increased from approximately $2.2 million to $3.5 million from 2018 to
2019, which more than offset the decrease in Enterprise Clients from 192 to
167 over the same period. The increase in our Business Revenue from Apps of
$231.4 million was primarily as a result of increased advertising revenue
from our existing Apps and advertising revenue from new Apps developed by
our Owned Studios and Partner Studios, which together contributed over 90%
of the increase, as well as increased advertising revenue from Apps acquired
in 2019. Our Business Revenue from Apps grew due to a 412% increase in the
volume of advertising impressions in 2019 compared to 2018, partially offset
by a 53% decrease in price per advertising impression. Our Business Revenue
from our Software Platform declined by $64.7 million from 2018 to 2019
primarily due to a 57% decrease in price per installation, partially offset
by a 72% increase in installations. Our Business Revenue from our Software
Platform was also negatively impacted by increased usage of advertising
inventory by our growing portfolio of Owned Studios and Partner Studios as
this inventory was consumed by such studios rather than being sold to third-
parties. Usage of advertising inventory by our Owned Studios and Partner
Studios represented 21% of installations in 2019. We do not recognize
Business Revenue from transactions with our Owned Studios and Partner
Studios. Our Consumer Revenue increased by $344.0 million from 2018 to 2019,
primarily due to a 576% increase in the volume of in-app purchases, as well
as a 9% increase in price per in-app purchase. Apps acquired during 2019
generated $277.0 million of the increase, with Apps that were part of our
portfolio prior to the beginning of 2019 and newly developed Apps accounting
for the remainder. 92

Cost of revenue
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2018 to 2019     
                               2018             2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Cost of          $         53,758       $  241,274                349  %  
  revenue                                                                   
  Percentage of                  11  %            24  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Cost of revenue increased $187.5 million, or 349%, in 2019 compared to 2018.
The increase was primarily due to a $105.7 million increase in third-party
payment processing fees as a result of the growth in Consumer Revenue, a
$66.7 million increase in amortization of acquired-technology driven by an
increase in acquisition activity, and a $6.9 million increase in expenses
associated with operating our network infrastructure driven by the growth in
our operations. Sales and marketing
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2018 to 2019     
                               2018             2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Sales and        $        166,799       $  481,781                189  %  
  marketing                                                                 
  Percentage of                  35  %            48  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Sales and marketing expenses increased $315.0 million, or 189%, in 2019
compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $292.2 million
increase in user acquisition costs, a $9.9 million increase in professional
service fees, a $7.1 million increase in amortization of acquired intangible
assets driven by an increase in acquisition activity, a $3.3 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, and a $2.5 million increase in other advertising and marketing
expenses. Research and development
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       2018 to 2019     
                                2018            2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Research and     $          16,270       $  44,966                176  %  
  development                                                               
  Percentage of                    3  %            5  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Research and development expenses increased $28.7 million, or 176%, in 2019
compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to an $18.9 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, and a $9.2 million increase in professional services costs
related to development of new games by third parties. General and
administrative
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       2018 to 2019     
                                2018            2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  General and      $          14,854       $  31,712                113  %  
  administrati…                                                             
  Percentage of                    3  %            3  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
93

General and administrative expenses increased by $16.9 million, or 113%, in
2019 compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $6.6 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, a $4.0 million increase in professional service fees, and a $2.0
million write-offof certain intangible game assets. Extinguishments of
acquisition-related contingent consideration In March 2018, we closed the
acquisition of PeopleFun, Inc. In December 2018, we reached an agreement
with the sellers to amend the terms of an earn-out payment to provide for a
one-time payment of cash and the issuance of shares of our Class A common
stock. We recognized a gain of $10.8 million in 2018 in connection with this
subsequent agreement, representing the difference between the carrying value
of the contingent consideration liability and the fair value of the amended
payment. As the amendment to the terms of the earn-out payment was based on
facts and circumstances that did not exist as of the acquisition date, a
modification was made to the original terms and conditions, and we
recognized the gain in the period the amendment was made rather than
recording a change to the purchase price. Interest expense and loss on
settlement of debt
                                                                            
                    Year Ended                                              
                    December 31,                          2018 to 2019      
                    2018                   2019           % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                    -in                                                     
                    thousands,                                              
                    except                                                  
                    percentages                                             
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on        $  (484,644      )     $  (73,955  )     (85           )%  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Percentage        (100          )%       (7       )%                      
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt decreased by $410.7 million,
or 85%, in 2019 compared to 2018. This decrease was primarily due to a
$422.7 million loss related to debt extinguished in 2018, partially offset
by higher interest expense related to term loans issued in 2018 and 2019.
Other income (expense), net
                                                                            
                           Year Ended                                       
                         December 31,                      2018 to 2019     
                                 2018           2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                       -in thousands,                                       
                               except                                       
                          percentages                                       
  Other income                                                              
  (expense),       $            1,940       $  5,818                200  %  
  net                                                                       
  Percentage of                     0  %           1  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Other income (expense), net increased by $3.9 million, or 200%, in 2019
compared to 2018 primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents
and higher interest rates. Provision for income taxes
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                      2018 to 2019      
                                2018           2019       % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Provision for    $          19,736       $  7,194       (64           )%  
  income taxes                                                              
  Percentage of                    4  %           1  %                      
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Provision for income taxes decreased by $12.5 million primarily due to a
reduction of a deferred tax liability resulting from restructuring of an
entity. Our income tax provision in 2019 was also impacted by foreign income
taxed at different rates, an increase in foreign-derived intangible income
deduction, and a reduction in global intangible low-taxed income. 94

Quarterly Results of Operations The following table sets forth our unaudited
quarterly consolidated results of operations for each of the quarterly
periods for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 and the nine months
ended September 30, 2021. These unaudited quarterly results of operations
have been prepared on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. In the opinion of
management, the financial information set forth in the table below reflects
all normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement of results
of operations for these periods. Our historical results are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected in the future and the results
of a particular quarter or other interim period are not necessarily
indicative of the results for a full year. You should read the following
unaudited quarterly consolidated results of operations in conjunction with
the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus.
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
95
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                             $      $      $      $      $      $      $    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                             $      $      $      $      $      $      $    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                             $      $      $      $      $      $      $    
                                                                            
                             $      $      $      $      $      $      $    
                                                                            
96

The following table sets forth the components of our unaudited quarterly
consolidated results of operations for each of the periods presented as a
percentage of revenue (1):
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      %  
                                                                            
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      %  
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      %  
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      %  
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      %  
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      %  
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      %  
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      %  
                               %      …      …      …      %      %      %  
                                                                            
                               …      …      …      …      …      …      …  
                               %      %      %      %      %      %      …  
                               …      …      …      …      …      …      …  
                               %      …      …      …      …      %      %  
                               %      …      …      …      …      %      %  
                               %      …      …      …      …      %      %  
                                                                            
                                                                       
  (1)  Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.  
                                                                       
97

The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
98

As a result of the acquisitions of SafeDK in 2019, Machine Zone in 2020, and
Adjust in
2021, our assumed deferred revenue balance was adjusted to fair value in the
amount of $101 thousand, $74 thousand, $48 thousand, $20,468 thousand,
$31,659 thousand, $9,635 thousand, $0 thousand, $531 thousand, and $668
thousand
in the nine quarterly periods ending from September 30, 2019 through
September 30, 2021, respectively.

Quarterly Trends

Revenue.Our revenue has increased sequentially in each period presented,
except for the quarter ended March 31, 2020,
through a combination of growth in our Consumer Revenue and growth in our
Business Revenue from our Apps and Software Platform. Our revenue in the
quarter ended March 31, 2020 decreased by 7% as compared to the prior
quarter, primarily due to
seasonality and other factors including testing our new AXON machine-
learning recommendation engine. Our Consumer Revenue increased by 231% from
the quarter ended March 31, 2020 to the quarter ended September 30, 2021,
primarily driven by
increased in-app purchases relating to acquired Apps as well as new Apps
developed by our Owned and Partner Studios in 2020. Our Business Revenue
from Apps increased over the same period by 57% as a result of increased
advertising revenue from
acquired Apps as well as new Apps developed by our Owned and Partner Studios
in 2020. Our Business Revenue from Software Platform increased by 316% over
the same period, primarily as a result of the launch of AXON, our machine-
learning
recommendation engine, in the quarter ended September 30, 2020.

Cost of revenue.Our quarterly cost of revenue has generally
increased sequentially in each period presented primarily due to increases
in third party payment processing fees driven by our growing Consumer
revenue, amortization of acquired-technology driven by an increase in
acquisition activity and hosting
costs associated with the launch of AXON.

Sales and marketing. Our quarterly sales and marketing expenses generally
increased sequentially from a low in the quarter ended March 31, 2020
primarily driven by the seasonal nature of our gaming business as well as
growth in our existing, newly developed and acquired Apps. Sales and
marketing expenses declined in
the quarter ended March 31, 2020 primarily due to a 5% decrease in our user
acquisition spend due to seasonality.

Research and development. Research and development costs increased
significantly in the second half of the year ended December 31, 2020 as a
result of our investments in the development of our Software Platform,
including Axon, and new Apps.
Research and development costs subsequently increased significantly in the
quarter ended September 30, 2021 as a result of development of new Apps.

General and administrative. General and administrative costs increased
throughout 2020 and 2021 as a result of headcount
expansion and increased professional services costs to support public
company readiness.

Interest expense. Interest expense,
net, did not substantially change as an increase in our indebtedness was
offset by a decrease in interest rates, with the exception of the quarter
ended March 31, 2021 which increased due to a loss on the settlement of term
loans of $16.9
million during the period.

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. On a quarterly basis, the
provision for income taxes
remained relatively consistent as a percentage of income before tax in 2019,
with the exception of the quarter ended December 31, 2019, during which the
company recognized an income tax benefit related to restructuring of the
company. On a
quarterly basis, the provision for (benefit from) income taxes fluctuated
from quarter to quarter as a percentage of income (loss) before tax in 2020
primarily due to fluctuations in income (loss) before taxes and a change in
tax status election
made in the first

99

quarter of 2020. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we recognized
an income tax benefit related to restructuring of the company. On a
quarterly basis in 2021, the provision for (benefit from) income taxes
fluctuated from quarter to quarter as a percentage of income (loss) before
tax primarily due to fluctuations in income (loss) before taxes and
establishment of valuation allowance against losses which cannot be
realized. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since inception, we financed our
operations primarily through payments received from business clients using
our Software Platform and advertising on our Apps, and from user IAPs from
our Apps, and through net proceeds we received from the sales of our
convertible preferred stock and debt borrowings, including borrowings made
under our credit agreement. As of September 30, 2021, we had cash and cash
equivalents of $1.05 billion. We believe that our existing cash and cash
equivalents would be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated working capital
and capital expenditures needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future
capital requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our
growth rate; expansion of sales and marketing activities; timing and extent
of spending to support our research and development efforts; capital
expenditures to purchase hardware and software; and our continued need to
invest in our IT infrastructure to support our growth. In addition, we may
enter into additional strategic partnerships as well as agreements to
acquire or invest in teams and technologies, including intellectual property
rights, which could increase our cash requirements. For example, in 2020, we
completed a number of asset and business acquisitions, which reduced our
year-end2020 cash balance by $674.7 million. As a result of these and other
factors, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing
sooner than we currently anticipate. If additional financing from outside
sources is required, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to
us, or at all. In particular, the recent COVID-19pandemic has caused a
disruption in the global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to
access capital and negatively affect our liquidity in the future. If we are
unable to raise additional capital when required, or if we cannot expand our
operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we
lack sufficient capital, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. The following table summarizes our
cash flows for the periods indicated:
                                                                            
                                                                   Nine     
                 Year                                            Months     
                Ended                                             Ended     
               Decem…                                           Septem…     
                  31,                                               30,     
                 2018             2019            2020             2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                  -in                                                       
               thous…                                                       
  Net                                                                       
  cash                                                                      
  provi…    $  139,0…       $  198,462       $  222,8…       $  276,836     
  by                                                                        
  opera…                                                                    
  activ…                                                                    
  Net                                                                       
  cash                                                                      
  used         (67,1…  )       (411,5…  )       (679,…  )       (1,206…  )  
  in                                                                        
  inves…                                                                    
  activ…                                                                    
  Net                                                                       
  cash                                                                      
  provi…        1,638          333,160          377,8…          1,662,…     
  by                                                                        
  finan…                                                                    
  activ…                                                                    
                                                                            
Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was $276.8
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021, primarily consisting
of $3.9 million of net income, adjusted for certain non-cash items, which
included $315.4 million of amortization, depreciation, and write-offs, $91.8
million of stock-based compensation expense, $18.2 million of change in
operating right of use asset, $16.9 million of loss on settlement of debt,
$9.3 million of net unrealized gains on fair value remeasurement of
financial instruments, and $9.0 million of amortization of debt issuance
costs and discount, partially offset by a net increase in the operating
assets and liabilities of $164.7 million. The net increase in the operating
assets and liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in accounts
receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets and decrease in
operating lease liabilities partially offset by higher accounts payable and
accrued and other liabilities. 100

Net cash provided by operating activities was $222.9 million for 2020,
primarily
consisting of a $125.9 million of net loss, adjusted for certain non-cash
items, which included $255.0 million of depreciation and amortization
expense, $62.4 million of stock-based compensation expense, $74.8 million of
loss on
extinguishments of acquisition related contingent consideration, $8.2
million of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount, and $7.9
million of lease modification and abandonment of leasehold improvement
partially offset by a
$67.0 million increase in cash consumed by working capital. The increase in
cash consumed by working capital was primarily driven by an increase in
accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets and decrease in
operating lease
liabilities partially offset by higher accounts payable and deferred
revenue.

Net cash provided by operating activities was
$198.5 million for 2019, primarily consisting of $119.0 million of net
income, adjusted for certain non-cash items, which included $92.8 million of
depreciation and amortization expense,
$10.2 million of stock-based compensation expense and $5.0 million of
amortization of debt issuance costs and discount partially offset by a $31.2
million increase in cash consumed by working capital. The increase in cash
consumed by
working capital was primarily driven by an increase in accounts receivable
and prepaid expenses and other current assets partially offset by higher
accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $139.0 million for 2018,
primarily consisting of $260.0 million of net loss,
adjusted for certain non-cash items, which included $428.2 million of
amortization of debt issuance costs and loss on settlement of debt, $16.1
million of depreciation and amortization expense, and
$5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense partially offset by a $39.9
million increase in cash consumed by working capital and a $10.8 million
gain in extinguishments of acquisition related contingent consideration. The
increase in cash consumed by working capital was primarily driven by an
increase in accounts receivable and decrease in accounts payable partially
offset by lower prepaid expenses and other current assets.

Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities was $1,206.3 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2021, primarily consisting of
$1,198.8 million related to acquisitions, $15.0 million in purchases of non-
marketable investments and other and $11.4 million in proceeds from other
investing activity.

Net cash used in investing activities was $679.9 million for 2020,
consisting of $674.7 million related to acquisitions, $3.2 million in
purchases of property and equipment, and $2.0 million in purchases of non-
marketable securities.

Net cash used in investing
activities was $411.6 million for 2019, consisting of $404.2 million related
to acquisitions, $4.0 million in purchases of non-marketable securities and
$3.4 million in purchases of
property and equipment.

Net cash used in investing activities was $67.2 million for 2018, primarily
consisting of
$65.9 million related to acquisitions.

Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing activities was $1,662.6 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2021, primarily consisting of
$1,745.2 million of proceeds from issuance of common stock in our IPO, net
of issuance costs as adjusted for cost reimbursement, $844.7 million of
proceeds from debt issuance and $25.5 million proceeds from exercise of
stock awards partially offset
by payments for the principal repayment of debt of $711.5 million, deferred
acquisition costs of $231.7 million, and finance leases of $9.7 million.

101

Net cash provided by financing activities was $377.9 million for 2020,
primarily
consisting of $481.3 million of proceeds from debt issuance and $9.3 million
proceeds from issuance of common stock partially offset by $64.3 million of
principal repayment of debt, $18.9 million payment of licensed asset
obligation, $17.6 million
of payment of deferred acquisition costs, and $9.7 million of payment under
finance leases.

Net cash provided by financing
activities was $333.2 million for 2019, primarily consisting of $388.9
million of proceeds from debt issuance partially offset by $41.5 million of
payment of deferred acquisition costs, $11.2 million of principal repayment
of
debt and $5.7 million of payment under finance leases.

Net cash provided by financing activities was $1.6 million for
2018, primarily consisting of $791.1 million of proceeds from debt issuance
and $399.6 million in proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock
partially offset by $1,183.0 million of principal repayment of debt and $5.9
million
of payment under finance leases.

Credit Agreement

On August 15, 2018, we entered into a credit agreement with the lenders
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative
agent for the lenders (the credit agreement), which provided for $820.0
million of senior secured term loans and a $50.0 million senior secured
revolving loan facility. The credit agreement was amended on April 23, 2019
to increase
the senior secured term loan facility by $400.0 million to an aggregate
principal amount of $1.22 billion. The credit agreement was further amended
on April 27, 2020 to modify certain negative covenants contained therein.
The credit
agreement was further amended on May 6, 2020 to increase the senior secured
term loan facility by $300.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of
$1.52 billion. The credit agreement was further amended on October 27, 2020
to add an
additional $541.7 million in aggregate principal amount of revolving
commitments and reduce the existing commitments by $1.7 million, increasing
the total revolving commitments to $590.0 million, reduce the interest rate
on the revolving loans, and
extend the maturity date of the revolving loans.

The credit agreement was further amended on February 12, 2021 to increase
the
senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to an aggregate
principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an additional $10.0 million in
aggregate principal amount of revolving commitments, increasing the total
revolving
commitments to $600.0 million and to reduce the interest rate on the
incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest rate
as all other term loans. On March 31, 2021, we borrowed an additional $250.0
million
under our revolving credit facility and in connection with our initial
public offering we repaid the entire amount outstanding under this facility.
On October 25, 2021, we amended the credit agreement whereby certain
additional lenders agreed to
provide incremental loans in an aggregate amount of $1.5 billion.

As of September 30, 2021, our total outstanding indebtedness
under the credit agreement was $1.78 billion, consisting of outstanding term
loans. See the section titled “Description of Certain Indebtedness” for
additional information.

102

Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes our contractual
obligations as of December 31, 2020:
                                                                            
              Payme…                                                        
              Due by                                                        
              Period                                                  More  
               Total          Less                                    than  
                 (in          than          1-3           3-5            5  
              thous…        1 Year        Years         Years        years  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long…    $  1,644…    $   15,210    $  30,420    $   30,420    $  1,568…  
  debt…                                                                     
  Conv…       40,000        40,000            —             —            —  
  secu…                                                                     
  Defe…                                                                     
  acqu…       185,2…       166,158       19,056             —            —  
  cost…                                                                     
  Oper…                                                                     
  lease       110,9…        26,123       30,153        24,889       29,783  
  comm…                                                                     
  Fina…                                                                     
  lease        6,192         3,581        2,611             —            —  
  comm…                                                                     
  Lice…                                                                     
  asset       18,760        18,760            —             —            —  
  obli…                                                                     
  Lice…        5,000         2,000        3,000             —            —  
  comm…                                                                     
  Non-…                                                                     
  purc…       131,2…        14,389       52,858        64,000            —  
  obli…                                                                     
  Total    $  2,141…    $  286,221    $  138,0…    $  119,309    $  1,598…  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of borrowings under our credit agreement. The table above   
       does not include interest payments which vary based                  
       on changes in the interest rate index. See the section titled        
  (1)  “Description of Certain Indebtedness” and Note 9 to our              
       consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this         
       prospectus for additional information regarding our                  
       long-term debt obligations.                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents a convertible security issued in connection with a        
       strategic partnership with Athena FZE. The security was              
       convertible into shares of our Class A common stock starting 61      
       days following our initial public offering. The convertible          
       security was convertible, at the option of the holder, into a        
       number of shares of our Class A Common Stock equal to                
       $40.0 million divided by a conversion price equal to (i) the 20-day  
       volume-weighted average trading price per share of Class A Common    
       Stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. If any portion of the                  
       convertible security was converted by November 12, 2021, we agreed   
       to redeem in cash such remaining portion of the convertible          
  (2)  security. If the holder did not convert the entire maximum           
       conversion amount by November 18, 2021, we were                      
       required to redeem the remaining conversion amount for cash. If our  
       initial public offering did not close on or prior to November 18,    
       2021, we were required to redeem the convertible security for $40.0  
       million in cash. The convertible                                     
       security did not entitle the holder to any voting rights or other    
       rights as a stockholder prior to conversion. The fair value of the   
       convertible security was determined to be $45 million as of the      
       issuance date. The convertible security was                          
       fully converted across two conversions in August 2021 and October    
       2021, for a total of 729,361 shares.                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Deferred acquisition costs represent part of the consideration       
  (3)  related to games acquired in asset acquisition                       
       transactions.                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of non-cancellable commitments for real estate leases and   
       lease of                                                             
  (4)  networking equipment colocation space. See Note 8 to our             
       consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this         
       prospectus for additional information.                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of payments related to finance leases of networking         
       equipment. One of the leases is under month-to-month lease           
       arrangement with renewal options. The amounts include payments       
  (5)  attributable to optional renewal periods if it is reasonably         
       certain that we will exercise                                        
       such options. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements    
       included elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (6)  Represents an obligation under a technology license agreement        
       assumed as part of Machine Zone acquisition.                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (7)  Licensor commitments include minimum guarantee royalty payments due  
       to licensors for use of their mobile game products.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The contractual commitment obligations in the table above are        
  (8)  associated with agreements that are enforceable and                  
       legally binding.                                                     
                                                                            
Several of the definitive agreements governing our acquisitions of our Owned
Studios and arrangements with Partner Studios provide for payment contingent
upon future performance metrics. The table above does not include any
amounts related to these obligations. These contingent consideration
arrangements include payouts based on a percentage of revenue or
profitability metrics, payouts of fixed amounts based on the achievement of
certain operating targets, and revenue share arrangements for specific apps,
and some of these arrangements do not have a maximum limit of contingent
consideration achievable. Because these contingent consideration
arrangements are based on the success of relevant Apps and are not
guaranteed, we do not expect our results of operations 103

would be materially and adversely effected by the payment of amounts under
any such arrangement. The table below presents a summary of the significant
contingent consideration arrangements:
                                                                            
  Relevant                              Contingent Consideration Summary    
  Transaction                                                               
                                        Future one-time earn-out payments,  
                                        based on a service agreement, of    
                                        either $60.0 million                
                                        or $30.0 million per game           
                                        depending on the nature of the new  
                                        game App developed, subject to the  
                                        achievement of a certain monthly    
                                        revenue milestone in the initial    
                                        thirty-six months following the     
                                        launch of                           
                                        a new game App. The term of the     
                                        service agreement is initially      
  Recoded asset acquisition (January    three years, after which time the   
  2019)                                 agreement is terminable by either   
                                        party upon thirty days’ written     
                                        notice. We are also required to     
                                        make future one-time earn-out       
                                        payments, based on a development    
                                        agreement during the term of six    
                                        years, of $10.0 million to each of  
                                        two additional new game Apps        
                                        developed, subject to the           
                                        achievement of the same monthly     
                                        revenue                             
                                        milestone in the initial            
                                        thirty-six months following the     
                                        launch of such game Apps.           
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
                                        the greater of (i) a predetermined  
                                        percentage of revenue or (ii) a     
                                        predetermined percentage of         
                                        earnings before interest, taxes,    
                                        depreciation and amortization       
  Samfinaco Games asset acquisition     generated by the acquired game      
  (August 2019)                         Apps over each such year. We are    
                                        also required to                    
                                        make future earn-out payments       
                                        based on performance metrics of     
                                        the newly developed game Apps       
                                        which are similar to the            
                                        performance metrics of the          
                                        initially acquired mobile game      
                                        Apps during the four years from     
                                        the date of the transaction.        
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
                                        the excess, if any, of revenue      
                                        generated by the initially          
                                        acquired game App for such year     
                                        above the sum of (i) an annual      
  Zenlife asset acquisition (June       fixed baseline revenue and (ii)     
  2020)                                 the aggregate earn-out payments     
                                        made in prior                       
                                        years. We are also required to      
                                        make future earn-out payments for   
                                        newly developed game Apps           
                                        determined under the similar        
                                        approach as for the initially       
                                        acquired mobile game Apps.          
                                        Future earn-out payments based on   
                                        a predetermined percentage of       
                                        revenue net of certain direct       
                                        costs generated by the initially    
  Other asset acquisition (March        acquired game App, or additional    
  2020)                                 game Apps developed under a         
                                        service and development agreement,  
                                        over the term of the agreement,     
                                        which is initially two years, but   
                                        which may renew for an additional   
                                        two-year term.                      
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction are                 
                                        based on (i)(a) the revenue         
                                        generated by the initially          
                                        acquired game App and any           
  Other asset acquisition (April        additional game Apps developed      
  2020)                                 under a service and development     
                                        agreement over the term of four     
                                        years in excess of (b) a baseline   
                                        revenue threshold, multiplied by    
                                        (ii) tiered revenue multiples, up   
                                        to a cumulative amount of $45.0     
                                        million.                            
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
                                        (i)(a) the revenue generated by     
  Athena acquisition (November 2020)    the initially acquired game Apps    
                                        in each such year in excess of (b)  
                                        a certain revenue threshold,        
                                        multiplied by (ii) a predetermined  
                                        revenue multiple.                   
                                                                            
For acquisitions of Owned Studios that are accounted for as business
combinations, contingent consideration is initially recognized at fair
value. For our other transactions, we generally recognize 104

contingent consideration only on the date when the related performance
metrics are achieved. See Notes 2, 6, and 19 to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this prospectus
for additional information.

As of December 31, 2020, we had recorded liabilities of $15.1 million
related to uncertain
tax positions. Due to uncertainties in the timing of potential tax audits,
the timing of the resolution of these positions is uncertain and we are
unable to make a reasonable estimate of the timing of payments in individual
years particularly beyond
12 months. As a result, this amount is not included in the table above.

In April 2020, we entered into a share purchase agreement
with Redemption Games, Inc. (Redemption Games). We purchased a majority of
the outstanding common stock of Redemption Games and entered into agreements
with the equityholders of Redemption Games that, among other things, provide
for call/put rights
whereby such holders can elect to require us to purchase all or a portion of
their vested securities on a specified date in February of each year from
2022 to 2025 and we can require such holders to sell to us all of their
remaining securities on or
after February 19, 2025, each for a purchase price per share of the then
current fair market value per share of common stock of Redemption Games.
Based on the fair market value of the common stock of Redemption Games at
December 31, 2020, the
purchase price for an exercise in full of such call options would have been
$6.7 million.

In April 2021, we completed two
separate transactions to acquire certain mobile game Apps from two foreign-
based independent mobile game developers in exchange for an aggregate
upfront cash consideration of $300.0 million and potential future earn-out
payments. With respect to the
first transaction, the potential future earn-out payments are contingent on
the revenue generated by the acquired game Apps exceeding a certain revenue
threshold, which will be measured and payable (if applicable) each year for
four years from the
date of the transaction. With respect to the second transaction, the
potential future earn-out payments will be determined in a manner similar to
the first transaction, in addition to a potential one-time earn-out payment
of $50.0 million contingent
on the achievement of a certain monthly revenue milestone within the four
years following the date of the transaction. Because these contingent
consideration arrangements are based on the success of relevant Apps and are
not guaranteed, we do not
expect our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected
by the payment of amounts under such arrangements.

In
May 2021, we amended a certain agreement with a cloud service provider to
increase the aggregate spend commitment from $130.0 million to $300.0
million through May 2026.

In June 2021, we acquired certain mobile Apps from a foreign-based
independent mobile game developer in exchange for an upfront cash
consideration of $130.0 million and future earn-out payments. The potential
future earn-out payments for the acquired mobile Apps are contingent on the
revenue and/or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and
amortization (EBITDA) generated
by the acquired Apps exceeding certain thresholds. Because these contingent
consideration arrangements are based on the success of relevant Apps and are
not guaranteed, we do not expect our results of operations would be
materially and adversely
affected by the payment of amounts under such arrangements.

In October 2021, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire from
Twitter, Inc. the MoPub business for approximately $1.05 billion in cash.
The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected
to close in early 2022.

In October 2021, we amended the Credit Agreement to increase the senior
secured term loan facility by an aggregate principal amount of
$1.50 billion.

105

With the exception of the transactions described above and except for
scheduled
payments from the ongoing business, there were no material changes in our
commitments under contractual obligations as of December 31, 2020 as
disclosed above.

Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, which
primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates.

As of September 30, 2021, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of
$1.05 billion. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates
would not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of
operations due to the short-term nature of our cash equivalents.

As of September 30, 2021, we had a debt balance of $1.78 billion. A
hypothetical 50 basis point change in interest rates as of September
30, 2021 would not have a material impact on our net income for the three
months ended September 30, 2021.

Off-BalanceSheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2020 and September 30, 2021, we did not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a
current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our
financial condition, revenue, or expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to
investors.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

We believe that the following accounting policies involve a high degree of
judgment and complexity and are critical to understanding and
evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of our
operations. An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires
judgment on a significant accounting estimate to be made based on
assumptions about matters that are
uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that
reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that
are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the
reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures in our
audited consolidated financial statements. We have based our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Although we believe that the estimates we use
are reasonable, due to the
inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results
reported in future periods could differ from those estimates.

We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more
significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for
additional information.

Revenue from Contracts with Customers

We generate revenue from two types of customers—Business and Consumer.
Business Revenue includes fees paid by mobile app advertisers
that use our Software Platform, and revenue generated from the sale of
digital advertising inventory of our Apps. Consumer Revenue consists of IAPs
made by users within our Apps.

106

Business Revenue

Our Software Platform provides the technology to match advertisers and
third-party owners of digital advertising inventory via auctions
at large scale and microsecond-level speeds. The pricing and terms for all
mobile advertising arrangements are governed by our terms and conditions and
generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days subsequent to the end of the
month. The contract is
fully cancellable at any time.

For Business Revenue generated through the placement of advertisements on
mobile game apps owned by
publishers, our performance obligation is to provide an advertiser with
access to our Software Platform which facilitates the advertiser’s purchase
of advertising inventory from publishers. We do not control the advertising
inventory prior to
its transfer to the advertiser, our customer, because we do not have the
substantive ability to direct the use of, nor obtain substantially all of
the remaining benefits from, the advertising inventory. We are not primarily
responsible for
fulfillment and do not have any inventory risk. We are an agent as it
relates to the sale of third-party advertising inventory and present revenue
on a net basis. The transaction price is the product of either the number of
completions of agreed
upon actions or advertisements displayed and the contractually agreed upon
price per advertising unit with the advertiser less consideration paid or
payable to publishers.

Advertisers also purchase the advertising inventory of our Apps either
through our Software Platform or through third-party advertising
networks. Revenue from the sale of advertising inventory through third-party
advertising networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by third-
party advertising networks as we are unable to determine the gross amount
paid by the advertisers to
the third-party advertising networks.

We recognize mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon action is
completed or when the
ad is displayed to users, depending on the agreed upon pricing mechanism
with an advertiser or third-party advertising network. The number of
advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is
determined at the end of each month,
which resolves any uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting
period.

Consumer Revenue

IAPs include fees collected from users for the purchase of virtual goods to
enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance
obligation is to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold
virtual items over the estimated period of time the virtual items are
available to the user or until the virtual item is consumed. We categorize
our virtual goods as either
consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent goods that can be
consumed by a specific player action in gameplay; accordingly, we recognize
revenue from the sale of consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed
and our performance
obligation is satisfied. Durable virtual goods represent goods that are
accessible to the user over an extended period of time; accordingly, we
recognize revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods ratably over the
period of time the goods are
available to the user and our performance obligation is satisfied, which is
generally the estimated average user life (EAUL). Payment is required at the
time of purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs
through our
distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the gross amount
charged to users because we are the principal in the transaction. IAPs fees
are non-refundable. Such payments are initially recorded to deferred
revenue.

The EAUL represents our best estimate of the expected life of paying users
for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when a user makes a
first purchase of durable virtual goods and ends when a user is determined
to be inactive. We determine the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For a newly
launched game that has limited playing data, we determine our EAUL based on
the EAUL of a game

107

that has sufficiently similar characteristics. We determine the EAUL on a
quarterly basis and apply such calculated EAUL to all bookings in the
respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is
subjective and requires management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may
differ from historical playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change
in the future. The EAULs are generally between six and nine months.

We present taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental
authorities on a net basis.

Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations

We perform an initial test to determine whether substantially all of the
fair value of the gross assets transferred are concentrated in a
single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, such
that the acquisition would not represent a business. If that test suggests
that the set of assets and activities is a business, we then perform a
second test to evaluate
whether the assets and activities transferred include inputs and substantive
processes that together, significantly contribute to the ability to create
outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of the second test
suggests that the
acquired assets and activities constitute a business, we account for the
transaction as a business combination.

For transactions
accounted for as business combinations, we allocate the fair value of
acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair
values. Acquisition consideration
includes the fair value of any promised contingent consideration. The excess
of the fair value of acquisition consideration over the fair values of
acquired identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.
Contingent consideration is
remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with changes in the fair
value of contingent consideration recorded in general and administrative
expenses. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates
and assumptions,
especially with respect to intangible assets. Management’s estimates of fair
value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are
inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may
differ from
estimates. In certain circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase
price are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to
revision when we receive final information, including appraisals and other
analyses. During the
measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, we may
record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the
corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement
period, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed
as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset
acquisitions, the cost, including certain transaction costs, is allocated to
the assets acquired on the basis of relative fair values. We generally
include contingent consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only
when the uncertainty is
resolved. We recognize contingent consideration adjustments to the cost of
the acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line method over the
remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset
acquisitions.

Services and Development Agreements

We enter into strategic agreements with Partner Studios. We have
historically allowed these Partner Studios to continue their operations
with a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, we bought Apps from
Partner Studios and entered into service and development agreements whereby
Partner Studios provide support in improving existing Apps and developing
new Apps. The substantial
majority of payments associated with service agreements for existing Apps
are expensed to research and development when the services are rendered as
the payments primarily relate to developing enhancements for the Apps.
Payments for new Apps
associated with development agreements are generally made in connection with
the development of a particular App, and therefore, we are subject to
development risk prior to the release of the App. Accordingly, payments that
are due prior to

108

completion of an App are generally expensed to research and development over
the development period as the services are incurred. Payments due after
completion of an App are generally capitalized
and expensed as cost of revenue. See Note 6 to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information.

Software Development Costs

We incur development costs related to internal-use software and the
development of Apps. We
review software development costs on a quarterly basis to determine if the
costs qualify for capitalization. As a result of an agile and iterative
development process, the preliminary project stage remains ongoing until
just prior to launch, at
which time final feature selection occurs. As such, software development
costs do not meet the criteria for capitalization and are expensed as
incurred to research and development expenses. We did not capitalize any
software development costs during
the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020.

Goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment on an
annual basis during the fourth quarter or more frequently if we
believe indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events that may indicate
impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in
customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of goodwill
or a significant
decrease in expected cash flows. When conducting quantitative annual
goodwill impairment assessments, we compare the fair value of its reporting
units to their carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, then we
record a goodwill impairment. Commencing January 1, 2019, the lesser of (i)
the entire amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds
its fair value or (ii) the carrying value of goodwill allocated to such
reporting
unit is recorded as an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31, 2018,
2019, and 2020, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.

Intangible Assets

This consists of identifiable intangible assets, primarily Apps, user base,
developed technology and intellectual property licenses
resulting from acquisitions. Acquired intangible assets are recorded at
cost, net of accumulated amortization. Intangible assets are amortized on a
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, generally 2 to 7
years. Our estimates of
useful lives of intangible assets are based on cash flow forecasts which
incorporate various assumptions, including forecasted user acquisition
costs, user attrition rates and level of user engagement.

Intangible assets also include costs of intellectual property that we
license from third parties for use of their content in our game.
The licensing agreements include license payments, which are due over the
terms of the agreements. We recognize these license payments as a license
asset and a license obligation at the fair value on the contract date, based
on a discounted cash
flow model. The amortization of the licensed asset commences when the game
with licensed content is launched and when licensed agreement is executed;
and is recorded in cost of revenue on a straight-line method over the
remaining license terms or
estimated useful life of the game with licensed content, whichever is
shorter. The classification of the license obligations between current and
long-term is based on the expected timing of the payments to the licensor.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate
an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. If such circumstances are
present, we assess the recoverability of the long-lived assets by comparing
the carrying value to the undiscounted future cash

109

flows associated with the related assets. If the future net undiscounted
cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the assets are
considered impaired and an expense equal to the amount required to reduce
the carrying value of the assets to the estimated fair value is recorded as
an impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated statements of
operations. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and
timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving those cash
flows. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful
lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of
factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends,
and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our
internal forecasts. For example, if future operating results do not meet
current forecasts, we may be required to record future impairment charges
for acquired intangible assets. Additional factors which significantly
affect future cash flows related to long-lived assets include, but are not
limited to, forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates, and
level of user engagement. Significant changes in these factors may require
us to reassess recoverability of long-lived assets and record impairment.
Impairment charges could materially decrease future net income and result in
lower asset values on our consolidated balance sheet. There were no material
impairment charges recorded for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and
2020. Stock-Based Compensation We estimate the fair value of employee stock-
based compensation awards on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model and recognize the grant date fair value as compensation
expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The
Black-Scholes option pricing model requires use of various assumptions,
including expected option life and expected stock price volatility. We
determine the expected option life as the average of the options’
contractual term and the options’ vesting period. We estimate the options’
volatility using volatilities of public companies in a comparable industry,
stage of life cycle, and size. We use the straight-line method for recording
stock-based compensation expense and recognize forfeitures as they occur.
After the adoption of the Accounting Standards Update 2018-07— Compensation-
Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based
Payment Accounting, on January 1, 2019, we account for non-employeestock-
based compensation awards similar to employee stock-based compensation
awards. Prior to 2019, options and other equity awards granted to non-
employeeswere subject to periodic remeasurement over the period during which
services were rendered based on the remaining contractual term. The
following tables summarize the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option
pricing model to determine the fair value of our stock options: The weighted
average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of employee and non-
employee stock options granted are as follows:
                                                                            
                              Year Ended December                           
                                              31,                           
                                             2018       2019       2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average                           6.50       6.05       5.94     
  expected term                                                             
  Expected volatility                          62  %      43  %      39  %  
  Risk-free interest                         2.59  %    1.91  %    0.56  %  
  rate                                                                      
  Dividend yield                                0  %       0  %       0  %  
                                                                            
Given the absence of a public trading market for our Class A common stock,
and in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held
Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, our board of directors
exercised 110

its reasonable judgment and considered numerous objective and subjective
factors to determine the best estimate of fair value of our Class A common
stock, including:
                                                                        
  •    independent third-party valuations of our Class A common stock;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       the price of sales of our Class A common stock and preferred stock   
  •    in recent secondary sales by existing stockholders to                
       investors;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                       
  •    our capital resources and financial condition;  
                                                       
                                                                            
  •    the preferences held by our preferred stock classes relative to      
       those of our Class A common stock;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the likelihood and timing of achieving a liquidity event, such as    
  •    an initial public offering or sale of the company,                   
       given prevailing market conditions;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our historical operating and financial performance as well as our    
       estimates of future financial performance;                           
                                                                            
                                            
  •    valuations of comparable companies;  
                                            
                                     
  •    the hiring of key personnel;  
                                     
                                                                            
  •    the status of our development, product introduction, and sales       
       efforts;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                               
  •    the price paid by us to repurchase outstanding shares;  
                                                               
                                                                        
  •    the relative lack of marketability of our Class A common stock;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
  •    industry information such as market growth and volume and            
       macro-economic events; and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    additional objective and subjective factors relating to our          
       business.                                                            
                                                                            
Prior to our initial public offering, in valuing our Class A common stock,
our board of directors determined the fair value of our Class A common stock
using both the income and market approach valuation methods, in addition to
giving consideration to recent secondary sales of our Class A common stock.
The income approach estimates value based on the expectation of future cash
flows that a company will generate. These future cash flows are discounted
to their present values using a discount rate based on our weighted-average
cost of capital, and is adjusted to reflect the risks inherent in our cash
flows. The market approach estimates value based on a comparison of our
company to comparable public companies in a similar line of business. From
the comparable companies, a representative market value multiple is
determined and then applied to our company’s financial forecasts to estimate
the value of the subject company. Following our initial public offering, we
no longer determine the fair value of our Class A common stock, as the
shares are traded in the public market. Income Taxes We account for income
taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition
of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements.
Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities on the
basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in
which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax
rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the
period that includes the enactment date. 111

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets are more
likely than
not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all
available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income,
tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine
that we would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess
of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the
deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision
for income taxes.

We record uncertain tax positions on
the basis of a two-step process in which determinations are made (i) whether
it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the
basis of the technical merits of the position and
(ii) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than
50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement
with a tax authority.

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on
the income tax expense line in
our consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are
included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance
sheet.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2
to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently
issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of the dates of the
statement of financial position
included in this prospectus.

112

BUSINESS Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the
success of mobile app developers. Our software solutions provide advanced
tools for mobile app developers to grow their businesses by automating and
optimizing the marketing and monetization of their apps. Since inception,
our platform has driven over eight billion mobile app installs for mobile
app developers. Our software, coupled with our deep industry knowledge and
expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale a successful and diversified
portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also accelerated our market
penetration through an active acquisition and partnership strategy. Our
scaled and integrated business model sits at the nexus of the mobile app
ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive advantage that has fueled our
clients’ success and our strong growth. Over the past two decades, mobile
apps have become integral to our lives. Mobile apps offer a wide array of
applications, such as allowing users to seamlessly share ideas, make
purchases, monitor health, and access entertainment. Based on data from IDC,
we estimate our total market opportunity to be $189 billion in 2020, growing
to $283 billion in 2024, or a 10.6% CAGR. Growth of the mobile app ecosystem
benefits mobile app users, but makes it harder for mobile app developers,
and particularly indie developers, to scale and succeed in a crowded market.
Most developers lack access to the marketing, monetization, and data
analytics tools required to stand out among the more than 4.8 million mobile
apps available on the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, according to
Statista, or attract sufficient numbers of mobile app users to create and
sustain a successful long-term business. Underscoring how difficult it is to
create a successful mobile app, SensorTower estimates that 80% of all mobile
app downloads were generated by 1% of the total developers across Apple App
Store and Google Play Store in the third quarter of 2019. The marketing and
monetization challenges faced by mobile app developers are particularly
acute for developers of mobile games, which is one of the largest and
fastest-growing segments within the mobile app ecosystem. According to IDC,
there are more than 2 billion mobile gamers worldwide—and, according to
Statista, there are more than 1.3 million mobile gaming apps on the Apple
App Store and Google Play Store. Mobile gaming accounts for 39% of worldwide
app downloads and for 72% of all app store consumer spend by value,
according to Sensor Tower. AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app
developers, in particular mobile game developers, solving key marketing and
monetization challenges. Through our technologies and scaled distribution,
developers are able to manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing
investments, and improve the monetization of their apps. The key elements of
our solutions are delivered through the AppLovin Core Technologies and
AppLovin Software Platform:
                                                                            
       AppLovin Core Technologies: Our foundational technology              
       infrastructure which powers our Software Platform and, in            
       turn, our Apps. Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON            
       machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph, and our       
       elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core Technologies are robust,      
       having processed over 5.9 petabytes of data per day on average,      
  •    as many as 4 trillion predictions per day, and up to 29.6 trillion   
       events per day in September 2021, while remaining flexible enough    
       to rapidly adjust to our clients’ evolving needs. Our App Graph      
       stores and manages anonymized data from                              
       hundreds of millions of mobile devices we reach every day, which     
       our AXON engine then leverages to better predict and match users to  
       relevant advertising content.                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppLovin Software Platform: A comprehensive suite of tools for       
  •    developers to get their mobile apps discovered and                   
       downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend,   
       and                                                                  
                                                                            
113
                                                                            
  maximize monetization of engagement. Our Software Platform reaches an     
  audience of over 478 million users every day.4 Our Software               
  Platform is comprised of four solutions:                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery, our marketing software solution, is the cornerstone    
       of our Software Platform, augmented by our rapidly                   
       growing MAX monetization solution and Compass analytics tools.       
  •    AppDiscovery is powered by AXON and provides the technology to       
       match advertiser demand with publisher supply through auctions at    
       vast scale and microsecond-level speeds, peaking at                  
       5.6 million requests processed per second in September 2021.         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Adjust is our SaaS mobile marketing platform which allows marketers  
  •    to make smarter decisions through measurement,                       
       attribution, and fraud prevention.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       MAX utilizes an advanced in-app bidding technology that optimizes    
       the value of a                                                       
  •    developer’s advertising inventory by running a real-time             
       competitive auction, driving more competition, and higher returns    
       for publishers.                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Compass is the analytics tool within MAX which gives developers the  
  •    testing capabilities, insights, and intelligence                     
       needed to stay competitive and manage profitability.                 
                                                                            
Given the performance of our Software Platform, we have rapidly grown the
number of Software Platform Enterprise Clients over the past year from 111
as of September 30, 2020 to 449 as of September 30, 2021, which generated
approximately 92% of our Business—Software Platform revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2021. Our revenue per SPEC has grown from $360
thousand to $398 thousand during the same period. Our Net Dollar-Based
Retention Rate from existing SPECs was 255% for SPECs as of September 30,
2021. 5 In 2018, given an opportunity to scale our own apps using our
Software Platform, insights, and expertise in the mobile app ecosystem, we
launched our first-party content strategy, AppLovin Apps. Today, our Apps
consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-playmobile
games across five genres, run by eighteen studios including Owned Studios
and Partner Studios. Our Apps provide data and insights as users play games,
thus improving our App Graph and AXON recommendation engine. Our studios
generally focus on low-riskdevelopment of easy to learn and play games,
which appeal to a broad range of demographics, but also develop several
games for other genres. This approach mitigates risk that traditional games
face and replaces it with a more predictable and repeatable economic model.
The combination of our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps forms
a strategic flywheel that drives growth across our business and furthers our
competitive advantages. As more developers use our Software Platform to
market and monetize their mobile apps, we gain access to more users and more
user engagement further strengthening our scaled distribution. As our
distribution grows, we gain better insights for our App Graph and AXON
recommendation engine, which then further enhances our Software Platform.
This continuously improving flywheel helps developers that use our Software
Platform to create and sustain successful businesses, growing both our own
business and the mobile app ecosystem.
                                                                            
     For the three months ended September 30, 2021. We calculate this       
     audience as the average number of unique device                        
     identities that open a mobile app (whether that mobile app our own or  
     a third party’s) which has our software development kit (SDK) on each  
     day in a period. We measure this figure through our SDK. An            
     individual who uses an app in more than one                            
     country on a particular day will be counted as more than one unique    
     device identity; however, if an individual uses more than one app in   
     the same day, such individual is only counted once. This figure does   
     not include any users who have opted out of                            
  4  allowing apps to track on their mobile phone.                          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
     We measure Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate for the three months ended  
     September 30, 2021 for our Software Platform                           
     Enterprise Clients as current period revenue divided by prior period   
     revenue. Prior period revenue is measured as revenue for the three     
     months ended September 30, 2020 from our Software Platform Enterprise  
     Clients as of September 30, 2020.                                      
     Current period revenue is revenue for the three months ended           
     September 30, 2021 from Software Platform Enterprise Clients as of     
  5  September 30, 2020.                                                    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
114

We accelerate our capabilities and enhance our strategic position in the
mobile app
ecosystem by actively pursuing acquisitions and partnerships for new
technologies and apps. Insights that we derive from our strategic position
and flywheel allow us to proactively identify attractive acquisition and
partnership opportunities across
the mobile app ecosystem. From the beginning of 2018 through September 30,
2021, we have invested over $2.5 billion across 26 strategic acquisitions
and partnerships with app studios, games, and software platforms. In the
case of new apps, we
are able to deploy our Software Platform and expertise to accelerate revenue
growth, enabling us to generate strong returns on investment. We estimate
that a year after joining our portfolio, Strategic acquisitions and
partnerships will continue to
be a part of our growth strategy going forward.

Our focus on building market-leading technology, coupled with our unique
approach
to developing and growing our Apps portfolio, has produced a business model
characterized by rapid growth and strong cash flow generation. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2021, our revenue grew 112% year-over-year, from
$941.2 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2020 to $2.0 billion in the comparative
period in 2021. We generated a net income of $3.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2021, and a net loss of $107.0 million in the
comparative period in 2020.
We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $505.5 million and $207.6 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally,
we have generated strong cash flows, with net cash provided by operating
activities of $276.8
million and $122.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2021 and
2020, respectively. This has allowed us to reinvest in our expansion and
growth and consummate strategic acquisitions and partnerships. See the
section titled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA” for a description of Adjusted
EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the
most
directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.

Industry Background

Key Trends within the Mobile App Ecosystem

The mobile app ecosystem is growing rapidly and is increasingly defining how
we interact with the world. Increasing global
penetration of smartphones, the cloud, and faster data has fueled a rapid
expansion in the mobile app ecosystem. In 2019, for the first time Americans
consumed more content on mobile devices than on TV according to eMarketer,
providing a significant
growth opportunity for the mobile app ecosystem. Mobile apps offer an
amazing array of applications, such as allowing users to seamlessly share
ideas, make purchases, monitor their health, and access entertainment. Based
on data from IDC, we
estimate that our market opportunity within the mobile app ecosystem will
grow from $189 billion in 2020 to $283 billion in 2024, or a 10.6% CAGR. In
2019, over 204 billion applications were downloaded globally, and the
average consumer spent
3.7 hours per day on mobile, according to App Annie.

The proliferation of accessible and affordable advanced development tools
has led to lower cost and shorter development times for new apps. A broad
selection of high quality, easy to use, commoditized development kits has
decreased the time, capital, and expertise required to make an app. App
stores have removed
distribution barriers by seamlessly delivering apps to billions of users.
Through live operations efforts, developers regularly update and tailor
their in-market apps to optimize engagement, usage, and
monetization.

Mobile gaming has become one of the largest and fastest-growing sectors
within the mobile app ecosystem.
Mobile gaming accounts for 39% of worldwide app downloads and for 72% of all
app store consumer spend by value, according to Sensor Tower. Improvements
in processors, displays, battery life, and connectivity have attracted users
to mobile devices
from other platforms and fueled the acceleration of growth across mobile
gaming. With the creation of new gaming genres that have a wide appeal, the
profile of gamers has broadly expanded.

115

Key Challenges for Developers

Today’s app developer journey has three key steps – make, market, and
monetize. The ‘make’ step has never been
easier, but developers still face key challenges in marketing and monetizing
their apps.

The abundance of apps today creates a discovery and marketing challenge for
mobile app developers. The ease of making apps has created a highly
fragmented market with over 2.87 million apps available through the Google
Play Store and 1.96 million apps available through the
Apple App Store, according to Statista. Of these, there are more than 1.3
million mobile games for users to choose from, according to Statista. As the
number of apps has grown, so have the number of mobile app users, creating
an incredibly
complex matching dilemma. To further amplify the problem, even after a user
downloads an app, for the average consumer in the United States, that app is
now just one of the nearly 100 apps on the average smartphone according to
App Annie, meaning
developers must compete for user engagement and screen time. As a result,
developers must overcome both a crowded marketplace and home screen to
successfully market and monetize their apps, and this is especially
difficult for indie developers.
Today, only approximately 4,000 mobile apps generate more than $1 million
annually, according to IDC.

Many developers lack access to marketing and monetization tools required to
build a successful business in the mobile app ecosystem.Most mobile apps are
free to install and many rely on in-game advertising and IAPs for
monetization. To be successful, a developer’s app must not just be
discovered but also generate user engagement to effectively sell ad
inventory or create compelling content for IAPs. To generate advertising
revenue, developers must navigate a
complicated partner ecosystem with revenue leakage at each step. Effective
marketing spend that matches a targeted ad, priced accurately and for the
right user, leads to better results. These small efficiency gains
differentiate apps in the highly
fragmented and inefficient broader mobile app ecosystem.

Our Market Opportunity

Based on data from IDC, we estimate our total market opportunity in the
mobile app ecosystem to be $189 billion. We calculated this
estimate by aggregating worldwide total in-app advertising revenue of $101
billion (including both gaming and non-gaming in-app display, video, and
other advertising, but excluding in-app search
advertising) and worldwide direct game spending of $88 billion for 2020.

Today, many of our customers come from the mobile
gaming market. We initially focused on this market because we saw a
sophisticated yet fragmented market, which would appreciate the need for
highly effective marketing spending that leads to improved customer
retention, customer lifetime value, and
return on investment. Based on data from IDC, we estimate the mobile gaming
market opportunity for developers/publishers to be $110 billion in 2020,
comprised of both direct game spending of $88 billion and mobile gaming
advertising
payouts to developers/publishers of $22 billion.

Our Software Platform can also serve the rapidly growing, broader mobile app
market. Our Software Platform is already used by several non-gaming apps and
we will continue to expand our value proposition for these apps going
forward. As such, we believe we have an attractive opportunity
to capture market share in the broader mobile advertising market.

How We Grow the Mobile App Ecosystem

We have built and invested in our Core Technologies and Software Platform,
which expand the mobile app ecosystem by solving key developer
growth challenges. We deliver value to mobile app developers by helping
scale their businesses and maximize their revenue through our marketing and
monetization technologies and expertise. Our Core Technologies and Software
Platform combine
marketing, monetization, and analytics into a single unified technology
stack.

116

AppLovin’s Integrated Approach Applovin software Platform marketing
appdiscovery monetization max analytics compass applovin core technologies
axon machine learning app graph flexible, robust, cloud infrastructure apps
Applovin apps client apps AppLovin Core Technologies Our Core Technologies
are our foundational technology infrastructure, which powers our Software
Platform and, in turn, our Apps. Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON
machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph data management layer,
and our elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core Technologies catalogue and
consolidate billions of interactions globally every day into our proprietary
App Graph. AXON receives information from our App Graph and uses its
machine-learning algorithms to match each user to relevant advertising
content, driving better engagement and monetization. Our flexible, robust
cloud infrastructure is the backbone of our Core Technologies. This
proprietary system allows us to operate at massive scale and process
significant data while maintaining a high degree of flexibility, so that we
may keep pace with the ever-evolving needs of our customers. Our Core
Technologies operate at high scale and speed, having processed over 5.9
petabytes of data per day on average, as many as 4 trillion predictions per
day, and up to 29.6 trillion events per day in September 2021. Our globally
distributed data infrastructure ensures we are able to connect with devices
worldwide and process aggregate user activity across our Software Platform.
AppLovin Software Platform Our Software Platform provides a comprehensive
suite of tools for developers, primarily indie developers, to grow their
businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of
their apps. This suite is made up of four key solutions:
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery is our marketing software solution, which matches       
       advertiser demand with publisher supply                              
       through auctions at vast scale and microsecond-level speeds,         
  •    peaking at 5.6 million requests processed per second in September    
       2021. AppDiscovery is powered by our AXON machine-learning           
       recommendation engine with predictive algorithms that                
       enable developers to match their apps to users that are more likely  
       to download them.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Adjust is an analytics platform that helps marketers grow their      
       mobile apps with solutions for measuring                             
  •    and optimizing campaigns and protecting user data. Adjust powers     
       thousands of apps with built-in intelligence and automation, backed  
       by responsive global customer support.                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of an    
       app’s advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive       
       auction, driving more competition and higher returns for             
  •    publishers. Many developers that integrate MAX have experienced a    
       measurable increase in their average revenue per daily               
       active user over traditional monetization tools and save countless   
       hours because they are able to automate manual monetization work     
       through its advanced feature set.                                    
                                                                            
117
                                                                            
       Compass is our analytics software solution which is integrated into  
       MAX, gives developers insights from                                  
       deep analytics, allowing developers to optimize ad-based             
  •    monetization, improve user engagement, and manage their return on    
       investment. Compass delivers advanced analytics such as advanced     
       reporting and                                                        
       profitability analysis to developers in an easy-to-use, integrated   
       solution.                                                            
                                                                            
When deployed together, our Software Platform helps developers better reach
and monetize a more precisely targeted and valuable user base. Our Software
Platform is delivered through an integrated and seamless user interface,
allowing developers to accelerate their revenue opportunities, reduce the
time they spend on marketing and monetization, and focus on what they do
best—developing apps. AppLovin Apps Our Apps consist of a globally
diversified portfolio of over 350 free-to-playmobile games run by eighteen
studios with a deep bench of talented developers. These Apps are accessed by
nearly 37 million users every day. 6Our diversified portfolio covers five
gaming genres, the most frequent of which is casual games, and appeals to a
broad global audience across different ages, genders, and locations. Our
Owned Studios and Partner Studios utilize our Software Platform to market
and monetize our Apps. When using our Software Platform, our Apps have an
economic advantage, which benefits our business as a whole. The strategy of
our studios is to allow developers to focus on creating great Apps, while
leveraging our Software Platform and expertise to unlock the potential of
those Apps.
                                                                            
     For the three months ended September 30, 2021. We calculate this       
     figure as the average number of unique device                          
     identities that opens one of our Apps on each day in a period. We use  
     third-party attribution partners to measure this figure. An            
     individual who opens more than one App on a particular day will be     
  6  counted as more than one user for this purpose.                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
118

Our Strategic Flywheel

The mutually reinforcing combination of our Software Platform’s scaled
distribution, our App’s first-party content, and our
Core Technologies’ recommendation engine creates a powerful flywheel effect
that enhances each component and importantly improves our overall strategic
position and capabilities. As our Software Platform improves and is able to
deliver more
effective ads to more relevant users, more developers use and integrate
their apps with our Software Platform, growing our scaled distribution. This
grows the number of users on and level of engagement with our Apps and
third-party apps. With a
larger number of users engaged with our Software Platform and our Apps, our
App Graph gains more insights and data. The enhanced App Graph feeds our
Core Technologies, including our AXON machine-learning recommendation
engine, improving its insights
and matching capabilities. As the insights generated by AXON improve, the
effectiveness of our Software Platform is enhanced in real-time.
Improvements to our Software Platform lead to more developer demand,
restarting the virtuous cycle of our
strategic flywheel.

Our Software Platform benefits from more apps and users from both our Apps
and those of third-party developers.
Through more volume and better underlying software, our Software Platform
can better match and price the supply of advertising inventory and demand
from advertisers, helping users discover the apps they love and delivering
better returns for
developers. Apps—whether third party or our own—benefit from the improved
marketing and monetization capabilities of our Software Platform, driving
growth in users and revenue. With greater scale and resources, developers
can reinvest to
create new apps, improve existing apps, and further invest in user
acquisition, thereby growing the overall mobile app ecosystem.

We derive highly strategic insights from our flywheel. As the largest user
of our Software Platform, our Apps benefit from the expertise
and cost savings of our Software Platform, leading to greater returns on
user acquisition spend. This allows our Apps to make significant investments
in user acquisition, giving us further insights into the effectiveness of
our tools and
monetization strategies across the ecosystem.

MORE USERS SERVED RELEVANT ADS Scaled Distribution First Party Content
AppDiscovery MARKETING MAX MONETIZTION APPLOVIN AppLovin Apps CONTINUOUSLY
IMPROVING SOFTWARE INCREASED INSIGHTS AND MORE DATA AXON App Graph
Infrasturcture Recommendation Engine

119

Higher monetization and more users more users served relevant ads more
likely to download more users download relevant apps more usage and data
better insights and more engagement appdiscovery marketing max monetization
applovin apps & client apps infrastructure app graph axon Our Strategic
Acquisitions and Partnerships We accelerate our technical capabilities,
strategic positioning, and growth through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. We have developed a proven and repeatable process for
acquiring highly sophisticated technology that enhances our Core
Technologies and Software Platform and for selecting and scaling our Apps
global portfolio. Our business sits at the nexus of the mobile app
ecosystem, which gives us deep insights into potential acquisitions and
partnerships. Additionally, as a first-hand participant in the mobile app
ecosystem, we have developed a strong relationship with other participants,
allowing us to more easily identify and enter into partnerships or acquire
companies and technologies. Our acquisitions and partnerships include
investments in software, such as our acquisitions of Adjust, MAX, and
SafeDK, and game studios, such as our acquisition of PeopleFun and
partnership with Belka Games. Our unique and active role in the ecosystem
allows us to make informed, data-driven decisions regarding which tools best
address developer pain points. As part of AppLovin, our strategic
acquisitions and partnerships benefit from our software and expertise,
typically achieving step-function improvements in performance. Once we have
acquired or partnered with a studio, we allow the studio to maintain its
creative autonomy and help the studio to manage its business needs by
leveraging all of the tools and capabilities of our Core Technologies and
Software Platform. Given our strategic insights and long-standing
relationships with many game studios, we are able to identify highly
attractive acquisitions and partnerships. From the beginning of 2018 through
September 30, 2021, we have invested over $2.5 billion across 26 strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. Benefits to Mobile App Developers We enable
mobile app developers to:
                                                                            
       Reach and attract users at scale. Our Software Platform reaches      
       over 478 million users per day,                                      
  •    enabling developers to target and find the right users for their     
       apps worldwide. Developers are able to set their user acquisition    
       and revenue goals to target the most relevant, highest value users.  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Maximize monetization of engagement. Developers use our Software     
       Platform to generate incremental revenue                             
  •    by maximizing the monetization of their mobile app ad inventory.     
       Our tools operate at nearly instantaneous speeds and at vast scale   
       to enhance monetization for developers while preserving the end      
       user experience.                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Leverage proprietary data and insights. Developers benefit from      
       accessing comprehensive real-time                                    
  •    insights through our customized user dashboards, helping them        
       optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their        
       return on investment.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Automate time consuming and manual processes. Our Software Platform  
  •    automates marketing and                                              
       monetization, allowing developers to focus on improving their apps   
       rather than managing complex go-to-market processes manually.        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation. Our cloud-based Core        
       Technologies and Software Platform are                               
       continuously updated as the mobile app ecosystem evolves.            
  •    Developers on our Software Platform benefit from this ongoing        
       advancement and optimization, and are able to rapidly adapt to       
       industry changes in marketing and monetization without losing        
       focus on mobile app creation.                                        
                                                                            
Our Strengths
                                                                            
       Unique and improving position. Our competitive advantages, overall   
  •    growth, and strong financial profile                                 
       are a direct result of our integrated portfolio and strategic        
       flywheel. We                                                         
                                                                            
120
                                                      
  leverage insights across our flywheel to optimize   
  our strategic position and business, in particular  
  with regard to the allocation of development        
  resources and investments.                          
                                                      
                                                                            
       Proven and optimized mobile app discovery and monetization           
       technologies. For almost a decade, we have been                      
       improving our Core Technologies and Software Platform. Powered by    
       our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine and our App Graph,   
       we leverage deep insights and technical expertise to create          
  •    powerful software platforms and a significant                        
       competitive advantage. It is built using a scalable, globally        
       distributed framework with an elastic architecture that allows us    
       to rapidly build new technologies and adapt to changing industry     
       demands. We automate marketing and monetization, freeing             
       developers to focus on what they do best—app development.            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       An advantaged approach to the mobile apps market. Our Apps leverage  
       the strength of our Core Technologies                                
       and Software Platform and expertise to achieve strong discovery and  
       monetization, leading to a differentiated approach and business      
  •    model. As part of the AppLovin flywheel, our Apps provide more       
       users and insights for our Core Technologies and                     
       Software Platform. This advantaged approach to the mobile apps       
       market provides the opportunity to expand into other mobile app      
       sectors.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Highly accretive approach to strategic acquisitions and              
       partnerships. We have a proven and repeatable                        
       playbook approach to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships.    
  •    From the beginning of 2018 through September 30, 2021, we have       
       invested over $2.5 billion across 26 strategic acquisitions and      
       partnerships with app studios, games, and                            
       software platforms. The mobile app ecosystem remains highly          
       fragmented and provides an ongoing growth opportunity for us.        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Strong business model drives rapid growth and cash flow. Based on    
       our integrated assets and scale, we have                             
  •    a strong business model that has produced rapid revenue growth and   
       an attractive margin profile. We take a capital-efficient approach   
       to growth, resulting in significant cash flow. We are able to        
       reinvest this cash flow to fuel sustainable growth.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Founder-led business, with a proven and experienced team to          
       execute.                                                             
       Our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson Adam Foroughi, leads a tenured  
       management team with significant experience in the mobile app        
  •    industry and scaling successful businesses. We believe the most      
       critical element to our success is our ability to attract and        
       retain the best talent. Our CEO and AppLovin have earned numerous    
       awards, including a Top CEO award from Glassdoor, Entrepreneur of    
       the Year Award in 2018 in Northern California from                   
       Ernst & Young, and multiple “best places to work” awards.            
                                                                            
Our Strategy for Growth We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our
growth and further enhance our market position in the mobile app ecosystem.
                                                                            
       Existing market expansion. We have an attractive market opportunity  
  •    within our growing mobile app segments                               
       and will continue to invest across our Core Technologies, Software   
       Platform, and Apps:                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Enhance and extend machine-learning platform technologies. As we     
       increase our scale and reach, we                                     
  •    benefit from compounding improvements to our AXON machine-learning   
       recommendation engine, which in turn improves the efficacy and       
       growth of our Software Platform solutions.                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Expand distribution reach and software capabilities. Improvements    
       to AXON and our App                                                  
       Graph help to accelerate AppDiscovery’s growth. We also see an       
  •    opportunity to increase market adoption of our MAX monetization      
       solution, which is relatively new, and build out the distribution    
       reach of our Software Platform by developing direct                  
       sales and partner channels.                                          
                                                                            
121
                                                                            
       Grow AppLovin Apps. We intend to grow our AppLovin Apps portfolio    
  •    by making appropriate user                                           
       acquisition investments, using live-ops to enhance engagement and    
       monetization of our Apps, and launching new titles.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       New market extensions. We believe our technology and expertise are   
  •    applicable to other                                                  
       market segments and geographies that we do not currently address:    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Expand into other mobile app segments and industries. Our long-term  
       objective is to power and                                            
       operate mobile apps across multiple verticals such as e-commerce,    
  •    entertainment, and health and wellness. We believe our deep          
       expertise and capabilities in the complex mobile gaming sector will  
       allow us to successfully apply our technology in other               
       verticals.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Geographic expansion and industry partnerships. We have a large      
       international expansion opportunity given                            
  •    only 38% of our total revenue came from outside of the United        
       States in 2020. To expand our reach, we plan to further invest in    
       our sales and marketing to increase penetration among new and        
       existing clients.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Other performance marketing and yield marketing categories. We       
  •    believe our technology and                                           
       expertise are applicable to other large and growing performance      
       marketing categories beyond mobile apps.                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Pursue accretive strategic acquisitions and partnerships. Given our  
       proven track record, long-standing                                   
       relationships with key industry players, and reputation as a         
  •    partner of choice, we have a deep pipeline of software and app       
       investment opportunities which we will continue to pursue. We have   
       successfully invested over $2.5 billion across 26                    
       strategic acquisitions and partnerships across app studios, games,   
       and software platforms.                                              
                                                                            
Our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps We solve the marketing
and monetization challenges facing mobile app developers through our Core
Technologies and Software Platform. We help grow the worldwide mobile app
ecosystem by enabling developers to scale their businesses while remaining
focused on creating and improving their apps. We scale our own Apps by fully
utilizing our Software Platform and expert insights, while continuously
improving our software for the benefit of all developers. AppLovin Core
Technologies applovin core technologies axon machine learning app graph
flexible, robust, cloud infrastructure Our Core Technologies power our
client-facing Software Platform and consist of our AXON machine-learning
recommendation engine, our App Graph, and a flexible, robust cloud
infrastructure. The underlying elastic architecture is managed through
multiple cloud providers and our own co-locateddata centers, handling
massive amounts of data while remaining flexible enough to rapidly add new
solutions and technology in response to changing market and customer needs.
Our Core Technologies process device-level data from hundreds of millions of
devices. Our App Graph stores and manages this anonymized data allowing AXON
to then leverage it to better predict and match 122

users to relevant advertising content. These insights fuel our Software
Platform, which better matches users to content and create a more
personalized experience. Our Software Platform also enables real-time
auctions that optimize the value for each impression, while simultaneously
enabling developers to attain an attractive value for each of the
impressions from their inventory. The sum total of these mutually
reinforcing software elements has created a robust and successful marketing
and monetization engine that processed over 5.9 petabytes of data per day on
average and up to 29.6 trillion events per day in September 2021. Our Core
Technologies operate at high scale and speed, processing on average over 5.6
million requests per day and as many as 4 trillion predictions per day in
September 2021. AppLovin Software Platform applovin software marketing
appdiscovery monetization max analytics compass Our comprehensive Software
Platform enables app developers to automate their mobile app marketing,
engagement, and monetization efforts in three core ways. First, we provide
marketing technology that allows developers to reach more of the most
suitable users with personalized content, in order to increase the number of
users who download and engage with their apps. Second, we provide developers
with monetization and analytics technology to maximize the value of their
inventory by obtaining a high price for each impression. Third, we provide
developers a set of capabilities to optimize their apps and help streamline
their businesses. Our key Software Platform offerings are AppDiscovery,
Adjust, MAX, and Compass, which is part of MAX. AppDiscovery AppDiscovery is
a suite of marketing solutions that enables developers to automate,
optimize, and manage their marketing efforts. AppDiscovery is powered by
machine-learning with predictive algorithms that enable developers to match
their apps to users that are more likely to download them. This form of
personalized advertising focuses on the end user, enabling the advertisers
to find the right users and delivering to users more of what they are likely
to be interested in. AppDiscovery leverages our AXON machine-learning
recommendation engine to target the right users with the right marketing
campaign, at scale. Advertisers not only attract users that download, but
also find a high volume of users that stay and engage with their apps for
greater retention and ultimately, increased opportunities for better
monetization. Revenue from AppDiscovery comprises a vast majority of revenue
from our Software Platform. With AppDiscovery, advertisers can define the
framework of their campaigns in the following ways:
                                                                            
       Reach: Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay to acquire  
  •    their target users. Our technology finds the                         
       users at that value who are most likely to download and engage with  
       the app.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Global scale: Advertisers can choose to connect with users in        
  •    different regions around the world, and our                          
       technology suggests the best locations based on their parameters.    
                                                                            
123
                                                                            
       Retain and engage: Our algorithms automatically adjust based on the  
       likelihood users will engage. Our clients can                        
  •    analyze by retention periods from initial app download onwards, so   
       that advertisers understand the effectiveness of their marketing     
       investments.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Targeted returns: Advertisers set their goals and target return on   
  •    ad sales and our algorithms adjust cost and                          
       campaign specifics to meet them.                                     
                                                                            
AppDiscovery includes the following features:
                                                                            
       Advanced campaign management: An interface to create, manage, and    
  •    automatically optimize campaigns based on                            
       return on ad sales goals.                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Real-time analytics: An interface to see results and optimize        
       against them with our ROI-based analytics environment.               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Life-Time-Value (LTV) reporting: A tool that breaks down campaign    
  •    results by source and location, allowing                             
       advertisers to make real-time, informed decisions about the value    
       and longevity of their campaigns.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       High quality and quantity creatives: Advertisers can make and test   
  •    as many creatives as needed. They also have                          
       access to our in-house creative team for expert ad creation and      
       testing strategies.                                                  
                                                                            
Adjust Adjust is our SaaS mobile marketing platform which allows clients to
better understand their users’ journey while allowing marketers to make
smarter decisions through measurement, attribution, and fraud prevention.
MAX MAX is a suite of monetization solutions thatoptimize the value of a
developer’s traffic by running a single unbiased auction in which
advertisers bid simultaneously, driving more competition and higher prices
for publishers. MAX auctions are more effective than historical tools and
approaches because MAX yields more targeted users for advertisers and
enables publishers to achieve better prices for each impression. MAX has
become the preferred in-appbidding solution for many developers worldwide,
helping drive meaningful growth and momentum for MAX. MAX includes the
following features:
                                                                            
       Advanced in-app bidding technology: MAX’s competitive auctions       
       happen in real time with the most bidding platforms in the industry  
  •    bidding simultaneously for developers’ inventory at high volume.     
       The competitive global demand helps maximize average revenue per     
       user on each impression with many developers                         
       experiencing a measurable increase when moving to MAX.               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Automated monetization: MAX saves developers time through its        
       extensive suite of APIs for automation.                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Ad quality assurance and review: MAX drives superior user            
  •    experience with exclusive features that automatically                
       flag risky content to keep developers’ brands safe.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Powerful insights: MAX helps developers better understand the LTV    
  •    for each user and increase revenue to maximize                       
       yield for each ad opportunity.                                       
                                                                            
Compass The Compass Analytics tool within MAX provides insights to manage
against key performance indicators, understand the long-term value of users,
and help manage profitability. Through advanced 124

reporting and profitability analysis, Compass allows developers to measure
their performance holistically: moving from traditional campaign-level
reports to lifetime user performance reporting, and from single app insights
to reporting across revenue streams. AppLovin Apps applovin apps final
fantasy xv word bingo Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified
portfolio of over 350 free-to-playmobile games across five genres, run by
eighteen studios located worldwide with a deep bench of talented developers.
Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios have developed and published more than
350 games across a number of genres including: casual, hypercasual, match-
three, midcore, and card/casino. Within our Apps, no single game contributed
more than 16% of our total revenue in 2020. Our Apps contribute a highly
predictable and diversified stream of revenue which we leverage to invest
into acquiring more users and driving continued growth. A diverse portfolio
allows us to reach multiple user demographics and diversify our mobile game
development across many different genres. We have a broad audience on our
Apps and this allows our Software Platform to connect users to a wide range
of content. Today, a large segment of our portfolio is casual games which
have a lower risk of development and generally have more predictable revenue
streams and return on investments. Casual games can be played a few minutes
at a time and appeal to a wide range of users across many highly attractive
demographics. Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios leverage live ops to
quickly iterate and increase in-gamemonetization by optimizing app economies
and improving in-gameconversion on items and offers. Our Software Platform
and expertise provide analytical tools, testing capabilities, and tools for
apps like distributed development, competitive insights, localizations
resources, creative services to develop and test ads and resource centers to
access design and development expertise. We also provide a set of services
that help both our Apps and third-party developers optimize their games and
leverage our expertise to better streamline their business operations.
Competition We operate in a fragmented mobile app ecosystem composed of
divisions of large, well-established companies as well as privately-held
companies. The large companies in our ecosystem may play multiple different
roles given the breadth of their businesses.
                                                                            
       Advertisers typically engage with several advertising platforms and  
       networks to purchase advertisements on mobile games                  
       and other mobile apps, looking to optimize their marketing           
  •    investments. Such advertising platform companies vary in size and    
       include players such as Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity          
       Software, as well as various private companies. Several of these     
       platforms, including Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software,   
       are also our partners and clients.                                   
                                                                            
125
                                                                            
       There are many companies that develop online and mobile games and    
       other mobile apps. The larger gaming companies in our                
       ecosystem include Activision Blizzard, Tencent, and Zynga, as well   
  •    as other public and private companies. Many of these companies are   
       also our partners and clients. We also expect new players to enter   
       the market and existing companies to allocate                        
       more resources to develop and market more mobile games and apps.     
                                                                            
We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are:
                                                                       
  •    the ability to enhance and improve technologies and offerings;  
                                                                       
                                                                          
  •    knowledge, expertise, and experience in the mobile app ecosystem;  
                                                                          
                                                                      
  •    relationships with third parties in the mobile app ecosystem;  
                                                                      
                                                                 
  •    the ability to reach and target a large number of users;  
                                                                 
                                                                       
  •    the ability to identify and execute on strategic transactions;  
                                                                       
                                                                     
  •    the ability to successfully launch and monetize mobile apps;  
                                                                     
                                                      
  •    the pricing and perceived value of offerings;  
                                                      
                                  
  •    brand and reputation; and  
                                  
                                                              
  •    ability to expand into new offerings and geographies.  
                                                              
We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. Our Values
Our AppLovin Values capture our company’s culture and guide our approach on
how we build and grow our business with all stakeholders: We seek
excellence, together.We know that our customers trust us to deliver
immersive experiences and best-in-classtools. We take this very seriously,
challenging one another to always do better. We are our toughest critics and
most loyal fans. While we value individual initiative, we collaborate to
drive forward as one team. We are tenacious, move fast, and deliver.We move
quickly and intentionally. Together we set a fast pace with high
expectations, and then move beyond. We leverage all of our resources so we
do not miss opportunities and find ways to deliver exceptional solutions. We
operate with integrity and intellectual honesty.We may move quickly and
deliver, but we do it the right way. We do what is fair and operate with
integrity because that is always the best course for customers, partners and
all other stakeholders. We foster entrepreneurship to challenge what is
next.Taking risks and embracing challenges are part of our DNA. We empower
our employees to try new things, question others, and innovate. This opens
doors to new opportunities, which leads to more successful outcomes. We
excel through our culture of equality.Diversity and inclusion are principles
that guide how we build our teams, grow our employees, and develop our
company. We celebrate different approaches, points of view, and our diverse
voices. It connects us with the players, developers, and global communities
we serve. Our employees are a key reason for our success and are essential
for our continued growth. We benefit from a distributed global workforce and
we plan to continue investing in hiring employees in our 126

many locations worldwide. Our culture, industry success, and competitive
compensation enable us to successfully retain our employees and to
effectively recruit and retain new talent. We have been
awarded multiple “best places to work” awards and our CEO was recognized as
a Top CEO by Glassdoor and Entrepreneur of the Year in Northern California
by Ernst & Young in 2019 and 2018, respectively.

In addition, following our initial public offering, we intend to use $75.0
million of our Class A common stock for charitable
purposes, which will allow us to amplify our impact in our industry and the
communities in which we work.

Research and Development

Continued investment in research and development is important to advancing
our Core Technologies, Software Platform, and Apps. These
advancements are key to attaining our strategic objectives and meeting the
evolving needs of our customers. The underlying elastic architecture of our
Core Technologies allows us to create, test, and deploy new features rapidly
while distributing
them globally. We also continue to invest in new and existing Apps.

Our research and development team is working on cutting edge
technologies, which allows us to attract top talent globally. As of
September 30, 2021, we had approximately 820 employees, or 54% of our total
headcount, involved in research and development and related activities. Our
research and development
organization is based in Palo Alto, California with additional resources
around the world.

Intellectual Property

Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual
property rights with respect to our Core Technologies, Software
Platform, and Apps, and to operate without infringing, misappropriating or
otherwise violating valid and enforceable third-party intellectual property.
We seek to accomplish that objective by establishing intellectual property
rights in and
protecting those assets through a combination of patents, patent
applications, registered and unregistered trademarks, copyrights, trade
secrets, license agreements,
confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties,
and other contractual measures. Though we rely in part upon these legal and
contractual protections, we believe
that factors, such as our unique position in the mobile app ecosystem and as
one of the largest mobile game publishers, our flywheel advantage, our
expertise and determination of our employees, and the functionality and
flexibility of our Core
Technologies and Software Platform in an ever-evolving industry, are also
key contributors to our success.

As of September 30,
2021, we owned the following patents related to the business: 107 issued
U.S. patents, 25 U.S. patent applications 28 non-U.S. issued patents, and 96
non-U.S. pending patent applications. Our issued U.S. patents, and any
patents that may issue from our pending applications, are scheduled to
expire at dates ranging between 2022 and 2039, excluding any
additional term for patent term adjustments or extensions. In addition, as
of September 30, 2021, we owned the following trademarks related to the
business: 64 registered trademarks in the United States, 15 pending
trademark applications in the
United States, as well as 648 registered trademarks in non-U.S.
jurisdictions, and 70 pending trademark applications in various non-U.S.
jurisdictions.
Finally, we have registered domain names for websites that we use in our
business, such as www.applovin.com.

We intend to pursue
additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it
would advance our business objectives and maintain our competitive position.
Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that we will
adequately protect our
intellectual property or that it will provide any competitive advantage. We
take steps to protect our proprietary information, in part, by entering into
confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, developers, and
vendors, and

127

generally limiting access to and distribution of our proprietary
information. However, we cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will
prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights.
Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights,
unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our Core Technologies,
Software Platform, or Apps or obtain and use information that we regard as
proprietary. Policing unauthorized
use of our proprietary rights is difficult and time consuming. Further, our
intellectual property rights may be invalidated, circumvented, or
challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect
our proprietary rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do
not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private
parties in the United States. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks
Related to
Intellectual Property” for more information regarding risks related to
intellectual property.

Employees and Additional Team Members

As of September 30, 2021, we had a total of 1,527 full-time employees
located in fourteen countries. As a result of our 26
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, we also have access to
approximately 2,503 additional team members, approximately 75% of whom are
research and development resources and all of whom are located outside of
the United States. Our
geographic diversification enhances our ability to retain and attract highly
skilled talent as well as manage our headcount costs. As of September 30,
2021, approximately 46% of our full-time employees were located
outside of the United States. None of our employees are represented by a
labor union. In certain countries in which we operate, we are subject to,
and comply with, local labor law requirements, which may automatically make
our employees
subject to industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We have not
experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relations with our
employees to be good. We work to identify, attract, and retain employees who
are aligned with and will help
us progress towards our mission, and we seek to provide competitive cash and
equity compensation.

Compliance with Government Regulation

We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws and
regulations that affect companies conducting business on mobile
platforms, including those relating to privacy, data protection, and the use
and protection of data from employees, users and others (including minors),
the internet, behavioral advertising, mobile apps, content, advertising and
marketing
activities, sweepstakes and giveaways, and anti-corruption. Additional laws
and regulations relating to these areas likely will be passed in the future,
and these or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted or enforced in
new or expanded
manners, each of which could result in significant limitations on ways we
can collect and process data of users, employees and others, communicate
with users, and operate our business. New and evolving laws and regulations,
and changes in their
enforcement and interpretation, may require changes to our Core
Technologies, Software Platform, Apps, or business practices, and may
significantly increase our compliance costs and otherwise adversely affect
our business and results of operations.
As our business expands to scale our Software Platform and include
additional Apps, and our operations continue to expand internationally, our
compliance requirements and costs may increase and we may be subject to
increased regulatory scrutiny.

Data Privacy and Security Laws

The data we collect and otherwise process is integral to our Core
Technologies, Software Platform and Apps, providing us with
insights to improve our developer tools, to optimize app discovery and
monetization and to improve our Apps. Our collection, use, receipt, and
other processing of data in our business subjects us to numerous U.S. state
and federal laws and
regulations, and foreign laws and regulations, addressing privacy, data
protection and the collection, storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure,
protection and processing of certain types of data. Such regulations
include, for example,

128

the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act, Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act,
and the California Consumer
Privacy Act. We work to comply with, and to help allow developers and
ecosystem partners to comply with, applicable laws and regulations relating
to privacy, data protection and information security. This helps underpin
our strategy of building
trust and providing a strong experience to ecosystem partners and clients.
See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We are
subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security,
data
protection, consumer protection, and protection of minors, and these laws
and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to
comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our business,
financial condition,
and results of operations” for additional information about our approach to
laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information
security.

Facilities

Our corporate headquarters is in
Palo Alto, California, where we currently lease approximately 72,812 square
feet under a lease agreement that expires in March 2027. We also lease and
license additional facilities in the United States in Carlsbad, Palo Alto,
San Francisco, San
Jose, and Santa Clara, California; Las Vegas, Nevada; Secaucus, New Jersey;
New York, New York; and Richardson, Texas; and internationally in San Paulo,
Brazil; Toronto, Canada; Beijing and Shanghai, China; Limassol, Cyprus;
Prague, Czech Republic;
London, England; Paris, France; Berlin, Germany; Dublin, Ireland; Herzliya
and Tel Aviv, Israel; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, South Korea; Singapore; Madrid,
Spain; and Istanbul, Turkey.

We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current needs.
However, we intend to expand our facilities and add new
facilities as we add employees and enter new geographic markets, and we
believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available as
needed to accommodate any such growth. We expect to incur additional
expenses in connection with such
new or expanded facilities.

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that
arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as
governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In
addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims against us in
the form of letters and other communications. We are not currently a party
to any legal proceedings that,
if determined adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and
our business partners and to
determine the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary
rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current
or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of
the outcome,
litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and
settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors.

129

MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors The following table provides
information regarding our executive officers and directors as of November
24, 2021:
                                                                            
  Name                         Age    Position(s)                           
  Executive Officers:                                                       
  Adam Foroughi                 41    Chief Executive Officer and           
                                      Chairperson                           
  Herald Chen                   51    President, Chief Financial Officer,   
                                      and Director                          
  Katie Jansen                  42    Chief Marketing Officer               
  Vasily (Basil) Shikin         36    Chief Technology Officer              
  Victoria Valenzuela           47    Chief Legal Officer and Corporate     
                                      Secretary                             
  Non-Employee Directors:                                                   
  Craig Billings(1)(2)          48    Director                              
  Margaret Georgiadis(1)(3)     57    Director                              
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson(3)       52    Director                              
  Edward Oberwager(1)(2)        37    Director                              
  Asha Sharma                   33    Director                              
  Eduardo Vivas(3)              36    Director                              
                                                                            
                                       
  (1)  Member of the Audit Committee.  
                                       
                                              
  (2)  Member of the Compensation Committee.  
                                              
                                                                     
  (3)  Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.  
                                                                     
Executive Officers Adam Foroughi .Mr. Foroughi is one of our co-foundersand
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of
directors since December 2011. He was designated as Chairperson of our board
of directors in March 2021. He previously co-foundedtwo advertising
technology companies, Lifestreet Media Inc. and Social Hour Inc. Mr.
Foroughi holds a B.A. in Business Administration from the University of
California, Berkeley. Mr. Foroughi was selected to serve on our board of
directors because of the perspective and experience he brings as our Chief
Executive Officer and co-founder. Herald Chen .Mr. Chen has served as our
President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2019 and as a member of
our board of directors since August 2018. Prior to joining us, he served as
the head of Technology, Media and Telecom at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.
L.P. (together with its affiliates, KKR), an investment firm that manages
multiple alternative asset classes, from 2007 to 2019, having previously
worked for the firm from 1995 to 1997. He also currently serves on the board
of directors of GoDaddy, Inc., an online solutions provider, and Internet
Brands Inc., an integrated digital media and software services company. Mr.
Chen holds a B.S. in Economics (Finance) and a B.S.E. in Mechanical
Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from the
Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Chen was selected to
serve on our board of directors because of his extensive operating and
management experience, his knowledge of technology companies and his
experience serving on the boards of directors of other public and private
technology companies. 130

Katie Jansen. Ms. Jansen has served as our Chief Marketing Officer
since October 2012. Prior to joining us, she served as Vice President of
Marketing, Marketing Director at PlayFirst, Inc., a publisher of casual
games, from October 2009 to March 2012. She holds a B.S. in Psychology from
California Polytechnic State
University, San Luis Obispo and an M.B.A. from San Francisco State
University.

Vasily (Basil) Shikin. Mr. Shikin
has served as our Chief Technology Officer since January 2020 and prior to
that served as our Vice President of Engineering since January 2012. Prior
to joining us, from May 2008 to January 2012, he served as Senior Software
Engineer at
DeviceAnywhere, Inc., a cloud-based platform for testing and monitoring
mobile websites and applications acquired by Keynote Systems, Inc. Mr.
Shikin holds a Masters in Mathematics from Saint-Petersburg State
University.

Victoria Valenzuela.Ms. Valenzuela has served as our Chief Legal Officer and
Corporate Secretary since May 2020.
Ms. Valenzuela joined us through our acquisition of Machine Zone where she
served as Chief Legal Officer from January 2015 to April 2020. From May 2004
to December 2014, she served as General Counsel, Vice President, Legal
Affairs, and
Corporate Secretary of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, a semiconductor
company acquired by Infineon Technologies AG. Prior to Cypress
Semiconductor, she was a corporate and technology attorney with Brobeck,
Phleger & Harrison, LLP and
Clifford Chance LLP. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from California
State University, Fullerton and a J.D. from Stanford University Law School.

Non-Employee Directors

Craig Billings. Mr. Billings has served as a member of our board of
directors since December 2020. Mr. Billings has
served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since March 2017 and as
President since May 2019 at Wynn Resorts, Limited, a developer and operator
of hotels and casinos. Effective February 1, 2022, Mr. Billings will become
Chief Executive Officer
and a member of the board of directors of Wynn Resorts. He has also served
as a Non-Executive Director of Wynn Macau, Limited, a majority owned
subsidiary of Wynn Resorts since August 2018. From December 2015
to January 2018, Mr. Billings served as Non-Executive Chairman of NYX Gaming
Ltd., a developer of digital gaming systems which was acquired by Scientific
Games Corporation in January 2018.
Mr. Billings has been a Certified Public Accountant since 1999. He holds a
B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and
an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School.

Mr. Billings was selected to serve on our board of directors because of his
significant operational experience as an executive and
his financial expertise.

Margaret Georgiadis. Ms. Georgiadis has served as a member of our board of
directors since January
2021. Ms. Georgiadis served as President and Chief Executive Officer of
Ancestry, a global family history and consumer genomics company, from May
2018 to December 2020. From February 2017 to May 2018, she served as Chief
Executive Officer of Mattel,
Inc., a global children’s entertainment company specializing in toys and
consumer products. She also has served as President, Americas, from 2011 to
2017 and Vice President, Global Sales Operations, from 2009 to 2011, at
Google Inc., a global
technology company. She currently serves on the board of directors of
McDonald’s Corporation and several private companies, and previously served
on the board of directors of Amyris, Inc. and Mattel, Inc. She holds an A.B.
from Harvard College
and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

Ms. Georgiadis was selected to serve on our board of directors because of
her
significant operational experience, her experience serving on the boards of
directors of other public companies, and her financial expertise.

Alyssa Harvey Dawson. Ms. Harvey Dawson has served as a member of our board
of directors since November 2021. Ms. Harvey Dawson
has served as Chief Legal Officer of Gusto, Inc., a modern

131

HR platform, since August 2020. Previously, from June 2017 to July 2020, she
served as General Counsel of Sidewalk Labs, LLC, an urban innovation
subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. From 2011 until May
2017, she was Vice President, Global Intellectual Property at Harman
International Industries, Inc., an audio and entertainment company. She is a
member of the board of directors of Make-A-Wish Connecticut. She also serves
on the Advisory Board of
Quello Center for Telecommunication Management and Law, is on the Attorney
Advisory Board of the Initiative on Gender Justice and Opportunity at
Georgetown University Law Center and was a Member of Aspen Institute’s Tech
Executive Leadership
Institute. She holds a B.A. in Journalism from Michigan State University and
a J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center.

Edward Oberwager.Mr. Oberwager has served as a member of our board of
directors since November 2019. He joined KKR
in 2008 where he is a Managing Director, Private Equity. Mr. Oberwager
currently serves on the board of directors of several privately-held
companies. Mr. Oberwager holds a B.A. in Classics from Georgetown University
and an M.B.A. from
Harvard Business School.

Mr. Oberwager was selected to serve on our board of directors because of his
extensive experience as
an investment professional and his experience serving on the boards of
directors of other technology companies.

Asha Sharma.Ms. Sharma has served as a member of our board of directors
since August 2021. Since February 2021, Ms. Sharma has served as Chief
Operating Officer of Maplebear Inc. (d/b/a Instacart), a leading provider of
online grocery services. Previously,
she served in several roles at Facebook, a global technology company,
including VP of Product for Messenger and Head of Product for Social Impact.
She also served as Chief Operating Officer from 2013 to 2017 at Porch Group,
Inc., a home services
software provider, and served in marketing and operations roles from 2011 to
2013 at Microsoft, a computer software provider. She has served on the board
of directors of Porch Group since December 2020 and previously served on the
board of directors
of HelpScout, a private company, and Virginia Mason Medical Center. She
holds a Bachelor of Science in Business from the University of Minnesota,
Carlson School of Management.

Ms. Sharma was selected to serve on our board of directors because of her
significant operational experience as an executive in the
technology industry and her experience serving on the board of directors of
another public company.

Eduardo Vivas.Mr. Vivas has served as a member of our board of directors
since August 2018. He has served as Chief Executive Officer at Deal.com,
Inc. (d/b/a Curated.com), an online outdoor sports retailer he
co-founded, since August 2017. From March 2014 to April 2017, Mr. Vivas
served as Head of Product, Talent Solutions at LinkedIn Corporation, a
business and employment-oriented online service. He joined
LinkedIn through its acquisition of Bright.com, an employment website
company he co-founded and served as Chief Product Officer from October 2011
to February 2014.

Mr. Vivas was selected to serve on our board of directors because of his
significant operational experience as an executive with
technology companies.

Family Relationships

There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers or
directors.

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Our
board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that
applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and

132

other executive and senior financial officers. The full text of our code of
business conduct and ethics will be posted on the investor relations page on
our website. We intend to disclose any amendments to our code of business
conduct and ethics, or waivers of its requirements, on our website or in
filings under the Exchange Act. Board of Directors Our business and affairs
are managed under the direction of our board of directors. Our board of
directors currently consists of eight directors. The number of directors
will be fixed by our board of directors, subject to the terms of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws.
Each of our current directors will continue to serve as a director until the
election and qualification of their successor, or until their earlier death,
resignation, or removal. KKR Board Designee We have entered into an
agreement with KKR Denali (the Director Nominations Agreement). See
“Description of Capital Stock—Director Nominations Agreement” for a
description of the Director Nominations Agreement. Pursuant to the Director
Nominations Agreement, KKR Denali has the right to designate a nominee to
our board of directors subject to the maintenance of certain ownership
requirements in us. See the section titled “Description of Capital
Stock—Director Nominations Agreement” for additional information. The
initial designee by KKR Denali is Mr. Oberwager. Director Independence and
Controlled Company Exemption Our board of directors has undertaken a review
of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each
director concerning their background, employment and affiliations, our board
of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Billings and Vivas and
Mses. Georgiadis, Harvey Dawson, and Sharma do not have a relationship that
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is
“independent” as that term is defined under the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. In making these determinations, our board of directors
considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee
director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our
board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence,
including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee
director, and the transactions involving them described in the section
titled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” The Class B
Stockholders control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding
common stock. As a result, we are considered a “controlled company” within
the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Under these
rules, a “controlled company” may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements, including the requirements:
                                                                            
  •    that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent     
       directors;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       that our board of directors have a nominating and corporate          
  •    governance committee that is composed entirely of                    
       independent directors with a written charter addressing the          
       committee’s purpose and responsibilities;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       that our board of directors have a compensation committee that is    
  •    composed entirely of independent directors with a                    
       written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and               
       responsibilities; and                                                
                                                                            
133
                                                                            
  •    for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and           
       corporate governance committee and compensation committee.           
                                                                            
We are currently utilizing and intend to continue to utilize certain of
these exemptions. As a result, we will not have a majority of independent
directors and our compensation committee will not consist entirely of
independent directors. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections
afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the
corporate governance requirements. See the section titled “Risk
Factors—Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and
Governance—We are considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of
the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, and, as a result, we qualify
for, and currently rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements.” In the event that we cease to be a “controlled company” and
our Class A common stock continues to be listed on Nasdaq, we will be
required to comply with these provisions within the applicable transaction
periods. Lead Independent Director Our board of directors has adopted
corporate governance guidelines that provide that one of our independent
directors will serve as our lead independent director. Our board of
directors has appointed Mr. Billings to serve as our lead independent
director. As lead independent director, Mr. Billings will preside over
periodic meetings of our independent directors, serve as a liaison between
the chairperson of our board of directors and the independent directors and
perform such additional duties as our board of directors may otherwise
determine and delegate. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of
directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee, and
a nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition and
responsibilities of each of the committees of our board of directors is
described below. Members will serve on these committees until their
resignation or until as otherwise determined by our board of directors.
Audit Committee Our audit committee consists of Messrs. Billings and
Oberwager and Ms. Georgiadis, with Mr. Billings serving as chairperson. Mr.
Billings and Ms. Georgiadis meet the requirements for independence under the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements and SEC rules and regulations. We
utilize the transition period under the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements and SEC rules and regulations, which provides that we must have
a fully independent audit committee within one year of listing on the Nasdaq
Global Select Market and by April 14, 2022, respectively. Each member of our
audit committee also meets the financial literacy and sophistication
requirements of the Nasdaq listing standards. In addition, our board of
directors has determined that each of Messrs. Billings and Oberwager and Ms.
Georgiadis is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item
407(d) of Regulation S-Kunder the Securities Act. Our audit committee, among
other things:
                                                                            
       selects a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered      
  •    public accounting firm to audit our financial                        
       statements;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    helps to ensure the independence and performance of the independent  
       registered public accounting firm;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       discusses the scope and results of the audit with the independent    
  •    registered public accounting firm, and reviews, with                 
       management and the independent registered public accounting firm,    
       our interim and year-end results of operations;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    develops procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously     
       about questionable accounting or audit matters;                      
                                                                            
134
                                                                     
  •    reviews our policies on risk assessment and risk management;  
                                                                     
                                                
  •    reviews related party transactions; and  
                                                
                                                                            
       approves or, as required, pre-approves, all audit and all            
  •    permissible non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit      
       services, to be performed by the independent registered public       
       accounting firm.                                                     
                                                                            
Our audit committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing
standards. Compensation Committee Our compensation committee consists of
Messrs. Oberwager and Billings, with Mr. Oberwager serving as chairperson.
Mr. Billings meets the requirements for independence under the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements. We utilize the “controlled company”
exemption from having a compensation committee composed entirely of
independent directors. Each member of our compensation committee is a non-
employeedirector, as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3promulgated under the
Exchange Act (Rule 16b-3).Our compensation committee, among other things:
                                                                            
       reviews, approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our    
  •    board of directors regarding, the compensation of our                
       executive officers;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                   
  •    administers our equity compensation plans;  
                                                   
                                                                            
       reviews and approves and makes recommendations to our board of       
  •    directors regarding incentive compensation and equity                
       compensation plans; and                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    establishes and reviews general policies relating to compensation    
       and benefits of our employees.                                       
                                                                            
Our compensation committee operates under a written charter that satisfies
the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing
standards. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Our nominating and
corporate governance committee consists of Ms. Georgiadis, Ms. Harvey
Dawson, and Mr. Vivas, with Ms. Georgiadis serving as chairperson. Each of
Ms. Georgiadis, Ms. Harvey Dawson, and Mr. Vivas meets the requirements for
independence under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Our
nominating and corporate governance committee, among other things:
                                                                            
       identifies, evaluates and selects, or makes recommendations to our   
  •    board of directors regarding, nominees for election                  
       to our board of directors and its committees;                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    evaluates the performance of our board of directors and of           
       individual directors;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       considers and makes recommendations to our board of directors        
  •    regarding the composition of our board of directors and              
       its committees;                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    reviews developments in corporate governance practices;  
                                                                
                                                                            
  •    evaluates the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and     
       reporting; and                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    develops and makes recommendations to our board of directors         
       regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters.               
                                                                            
Our nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written
charter that satisfies the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. 135

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the
members of our compensation committee is or has been an officer or employee
of our company. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the
past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation
committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any
entity that has one or more of its executive officers serving on our board
of directors or compensation committee. See the section titled “Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions” for information about related
party transactions involving members of our compensation committee or their
affiliates. Non-Employee Director Compensation Our employee directors during
2020, Adam Foroughi and Herald Chen, did not receive any compensation for
their services as directors for the year ended December 31, 2020. The
compensation received by Adam Foroughi as an employee is set forth in the
section titled “Executive Compensation—2020 Summary Compensation Table.”
Other than Craig Billings, who was granted an option award under our 2011
Plan in connection with his appointment to our board of directors in
December 2020, our non-employee directors did not receive any compensation
for their service as directors for the year ended December 31, 2020 and did
not hold any outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2020. The
following table provides information regarding the compensation of Craig
Billings for service as a director for the year ended December 31, 2020:
                                                    
  Name                     Option        Total ($)  
                    Awards ($)(1)                   
  Craig Billings          971,447  -2      971,447  
                                                    
                                                                            
       The amount reported represents the aggregate grant-date fair value   
       of the stock option, calculated in accordance with                   
       ASC 718. The assumptions used in calculating the aggregate           
       grant-date fair value of the stock option are set forth in Note 13   
  (1)  to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this  
       prospectus. Note that the amount reported in                         
       this column reflects the accounting cost for this stock option and   
       does not correspond to the actual economic value that may be         
       received by Mr. Billings from this stock option.                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       As of December 31, 2020, Mr. Billings had 21,000 shares subject to   
       this stock option award outstanding. This                            
       option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately  
       exercisable. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject   
       to Mr. Billings’ continued role as a service provider to us, as to   
  (2)  1/12th of the total shares on                                        
       January 1, 2021, with 1/12th of the total shares vesting every       
       three months thereafter; provided that 100% any unvested shares      
       covered by the option will vest immediately prior to the closing of  
       an Acquisition or Other Combination (each as                         
       defined in our 2011 Plan).                                           
                                                                            
On January 15, 2021, Craig Billings received an option to purchase 12,950
shares of our Class A common stock under our 2011 Plan. All of the shares
subject to the option were fully vested on the date of grant and the option
was exercised in full in January 2021. On January 23, 2021, Margaret
Georgiadis received options to purchase a total of 206,000 shares of our
Class A common stock under our 2011 Plan. With respect to 21,000 shares,
1/12th of the shares will vest, subject to Ms. Georgiadis’s continued role
as a service provider to us, on April 21, 2021 with 1/12th of the shares
vesting every three months thereafter; provided that 100% of any unvested
shares covered by the option will vest immediately prior to the closing of
an Acquisition or Other Combination (each as defined in our 2011 Plan). The
options to purchase 185,000 shares were fully vested on the date of grant
and such options were exercised in full in January 2021. Outside Director
Compensation Policy In February 2021, our board of directors adopted, and
our stockholders have since approved, a new outside director compensation
policy (the Director Compensation Policy) for our non-employee 136

directors that became effective on April 14, 2021. The Director Compensation
Policy was developed with input from our independent compensation
consultant, Radford (Aon plc), regarding practices and compensation levels
at comparable companies. The Director Compensation Policy is designed to
attract, retain, and reward non-employee directors. Under the Director
Compensation Policy, each non-employee director receives the cash and equity
compensation for board services described below. We also reimburse our non-
employee directors for reasonable, customary, and documented travel expenses
to meetings of our board of directors or its committee and other expenses.
Maximum Annual Compensation Limit The Director Compensation Policy includes
a maximum annual limit of $750,000 of cash compensation and equity
compensation awards that may be paid, issued, or granted to a non-employee
director in any fiscal year (increased to $1,000,000 in the non-employee
director’s initial year of service as a non-employee director). For purposes
of this limitation, the value of equity awards is based on the grant date
fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP). Any cash compensation paid
or equity compensation awards granted to a person for their service as an
employee, or for their service as a consultant (other than as a non-employee
director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit
does not reflect the intended size of any potential compensation or equity
awards to our non-employee directors. Cash Compensation Non-employee
directors are entitled to receive the following cash compensation for their
service under the Director Compensation Policy:
                                                        
  •    $50,000 per year for service as a board member;  
                                                        
                                                                  
  •    $60,000 per year for service as chairperson of the board;  
                                                                  
                                                                    
  •    $20,000 per year for service as lead director of the board;  
                                                                    
                                                                            
  •    $25,000 per year for service as chairperson of the audit committee;  
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    $10,000 per year for service as member of the audit committee;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    $20,000 per year for service as chairperson of the compensation      
       committee;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    $10,000 per year for service as member of the compensation           
       committee;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    $10,000 per year for service as chairperson of the nominating        
       committee; and                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    $5,000 per year for service as member of the nominating committee.  
                                                                           
Each non-employee director who serves as the chairperson of a committee will
receive only the annual cash fee as the chairperson of the committee, and
not the additional annual cash fee as a member of the committee. All cash
payments to non-employee directors are paid quarterly in arrears on a pro-
rated basis. Equity Compensation Initial Award Each person who first becomes
a non-employee director after the date of the effectiveness of the
registration statement relating to our initial public offering, on the first
trading date on or after the date on which such individual first becomes a
non-employee director, an initial award of RSUs (the Initial 137

Award) (and, the date the Initial Award is granted, the Grant Date). The
Initial Award will cover a number of shares of our Class A common stock
having a grant date fair value (determined in
accordance with GAAP) of $337,500, rounded to the nearest whole share (the
New Hire Award). The New Hire Award will vest in 12 equal quarterly
installments beginning on the first Quarterly Vesting Date to occur after
such individual first becomes a
non-employee director and each subsequent Quarterly Vesting Date thereafter,
subject to the non-employee director continuing to be a service provider
through the applicable vesting date. Our Quarterly Vesting Dates are
February 20, May 20,
August 20, and November 20. If the person was a member of our board of
directors and also an employee, becoming a non-employee director due to
termination of employment will not entitle them to an Initial Award.

Annual Award

Each
non-employee director will automatically receive, on the date of each annual
meeting of our stockholders following the effective date of the Director
Compensation Policy, an annual award of RSUs (an Annual Award) covering a
number of shares of our
Class A common stock having a grant date fair value (determined in
accordance with GAAP) of $225,000, rounded to the nearest whole share. The
Annual Award will vest on the earlier of (i) the one-year anniversary of the
date the Annual Award is
granted or (ii) the day prior to the date of the annual meeting next
following the date the Annual Award is granted, in each case, subject to the
non-employee director continuing to be a service provider through the
applicable vesting date.

In the event of a “change in control” (as defined in our 2021 Plan), each
non-employee director’s outstanding awards will
fully vest, provided that the non-employee director continues to be a non-
employee director through the date of the change in control.

138

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis This
Compensation Discussion and Analysis includes a discussion of compensation
for the following current executive officers during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2020, which we refer to as our named executive officers:
                                                                            
  •    Adam Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of our    
       board of directors;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    Herald Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer;  
                                                                
                                                   
  •    Katie Jansen, our Chief Marketing Officer;  
                                                   
                                                        
  •    Basil Shikin, our Chief Technology Officer; and  
                                                        
                                                      
  •    Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Legal Officer.  
                                                      
Executive Summary Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by
enabling the success of mobile app developers. Our executive compensation
program is designed to attract, retain and motivate our leadership team to
fulfill this mission and execute on the unique opportunity we have to
provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to grow their businesses by
automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of their apps
through our software solutions. We believe that our approach to executive
compensation is aligned with that of stockholder and broader stakeholder
interests. The majority of compensation for our named executive officers is
delivered in equity. Compensation Philosophy The overall objective of our
executive compensation program is to attract, retain and incentivize highly
talented individuals that embody our mission. We do this by designing
programs that tie executive compensation to individual performance, overall
company performance and the interests of our stakeholders. Our executive
compensation is designed with a mix of short-term and long-term components,
and cash and equity elements in proportions that we believe provide
appropriate incentives to retain and motivate our senior executives and
management team and help to achieve success in our business. Our future
success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain
highly skilled personnel. Our executive compensation program seeks to
achieve this objective by ensuring that we can:
                                                                            
  •    Attract top talent that will allow us to execute on our current      
       plans and scale our growing business;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Reward talented executives, who possess proven experience,           
       knowledge, skills, and leadership criteria;                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Motivate our executive officers by giving them a stake in our        
  •    growth and prosperity and encouraging the continuance of             
       their services with us; and                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Align the interests of stockholders and named executive officers     
  •    without creating an incentive for inappropriate                      
       risk-taking.                                                         
                                                                            
Executive Compensation Policies and Practices We endeavor to maintain
compensation policies and practices that are consistent with sound
governance standards. We believe it is important to provide competitive
compensation packages and a 139

high-quality work environment in order to hire, retain and motivate critical
personnel, and we seek to ensure that our executive compensation program is
consistent with our short-term and long-term goals given the nature of the
market in which we compete for key personnel. The following policies and
practices were in effect during 2020:
                                                                            
       No Special Benefits. The members of our executive team are eligible  
       to participate in broad-based                                        
  •    company-sponsored retirement, health and welfare benefits programs   
       on the same basis as our other full-time, salaried employees, and    
       we provided no special benefits to them.                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       No “Golden Parachute” Tax Reimbursements. We do not provide any tax  
       reimbursement payments (including “gross-ups”) on any tax liability  
  •    that our executive officers might owe as a result of the             
       application of Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code    
       of 1986, as amended, or the Code.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Hedging and Pledging Restrictions. Our Insider Trading Policy        
       prohibits our employees, including our executive                     
  •    officers and the members of our board of directors, from hedging     
       any company securities and from pledging more than 10% of any        
       company securities as collateral for a loan.                         
                                                                            
Our Compensation-Setting Process For 2020, our board of directors reviewed
our executive compensation program and related policies and practices. In
determining the compensation of the members of our executive team, including
our named executive officers, for 2020, we considered the compensation
arrangements, including base salary, target bonus and equity incentives of
our executive officers, as well as our overall strategic business plan and
our retention needs. In 2020, factors we considered in making our executive
compensation decisions included, but were not limited to, input from Mr.
Foroughi (except with respect to his own compensation), past individual
performance and expected future performance, vesting status and value of
existing equity incentives, and internal pay equity based on the impact of
business and performance. In 2021, to assess the competitiveness of our
executive compensation program, we engaged compensation consultants and
considered the compensation programs at similar companies; however, we did
not benchmark the compensation of any individual to any market data.
Elements of Executive Pay and 2020 Compensation Our executive compensation
program for 2020 consisted of the following principal compensation elements:
                     
  •    base salary;  
                     
                                                                            
  •    annual incentive compensation in the form of cash bonuses under our  
       executive bonus program; and                                         
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    long-term incentive compensation in the form of equity incentives.  
                                                                           
We are committed to providing appropriate cash and equity incentives to
compensate our named executive officers in a manner that our board of
directors determines is reasonable and appropriate to hire, motivate, and
retain key talent. Base Salary Base salary is a customary, fixed element of
compensation intended to attract and retain our named executive officers and
compensate them for their day-to-dayefforts. Base salaries are reviewed
periodically, including at the time of a promotion or other change in
responsibilities, and each executive officer’s performance, prior base
salary level, and breadth of role are considered along with considerations
related to internal pay equity. 140

The following table sets forth the 2020 base salary for each of our named
executive officers:
                                         
                                2020     
  Name                   Base Salary     
                                 ($)     
  Adam Foroughi              400,000     
  Herald Chen                400,000     
  Katie Jansen               400,000     
  Basil Shikin               400,000     
  Victoria Valenzuela        400,000  *  
                                         
                                                                            
     The summary compensation table reflects a pro-rated amount for the     
     portion                                                                
  *  of the year that Ms. Valenzuela was employed by us. Ms. Valenzuela     
     became our Chief Legal Officer in May 2020 in connection with our      
     acquisition of Machine Zone.                                           
                                                                            
Executive Bonus Program For 2020, each of Ms. Jansen, Mr. Shikin, and Ms.
Valenzuela were eligible for an annual cash bonus opportunity under our
Executive Bonus Program. Our Executive Bonus Program for 2020 was designed
to motivate and reward our executives to perform to the best of their
abilities and to achieve our objectives. For 2020, each executive’s target
bonus opportunity was set at $100,000 for the calendar year. In the case of
Ms. Jansen and Mr. Shikin, actual bonus amounts were determined based upon
overall company performance and each executive officer’s individual
performance, including his or her contributions to our objectives. In the
case of Ms. Valenzuela, her actual bonus amount reflects the pro-ratedamount
of her target bonus opportunity for the period of her employment by us in
2020, which we guaranteed in connection with her hire in May 2020, absent
our experiencing unexpected and significantly diminished financial
performance. The following table sets forth the 2020 target cash incentive
opportunity for each of our named executive officers:
                                                        
                         2020 Target    2020 Actual     
  Name                         Bonus          Bonus     
                         Opportunity            ($)     
                                 ($)                    
  Katie Jansen               100,000        100,000     
  Basil Shikin               100,000        100,000     
  Victoria Valenzuela        100,000         62,192  *  
                                                        
                                                                        
  *  This reflects a pro-rated amount for the portion of the year that  
     Ms. Valenzuela was employed by us.                                 
                                                                        
Equity Compensation In 2020, we used stock option awards to deliver long-
term incentive compensation opportunities to certain of our named executive
officers. Consistent with our compensation objectives, we believe this
approach helps to ensure that the interests of the members of the executive
team are aligned with those of our stockholders and that we are able to
attract and reward our top talent. Stock option awards generally vest as to
1/4th of the award on a specified date aligned with the date an individual
begins providing services to us or the date of the award is granted, and as
to 1/48th vesting monthly thereafter, subject to the executive’s continued
service as of each vesting date. Generally, we intend to grant annual equity
awards that are sized to be competitive, transparent and reflect the
performance, contribution, and criticality of roles in our company. 141

In 2020, our board of directors approved stock option awards to Ms. Jansen,
in recognition of her tenure and contributions to the company, and Ms.
Valenzuela, in connection with her hiring, as follows:
                                     
  Name                   2020 Stock  
                            Options  
  Katie Jansen              150,000  
  Victoria Valenzuela       840,000  
                                     
Our other named executive officers did not receive equity awards in 2020
because we felt that their existing unvested equity positions provided
sufficient incentive and retention. Benefits Our named executive officers
are eligible to participate in the same benefits programs offered to all
employees. We maintain a tax-qualified401(k) retirement plan that provides
eligible U.S. employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-
advantagedbasis, subject to limitations established by the tax laws. The
company matches 100% of the first 1% of employee contributions and up to 50%
on the next 5% of employee contributions, up to a maximum of 3.5% of the
employee’s annual income. Our company match is fully vested as of each
contribution date. The 401(k) plan is intended to be qualified under Code
Section 401(a) with the 401(k) plan’s related trust intended to be tax
exempt under Code Section 501(a). As a tax-qualifiedretirement plan,
contributions to the 401(k) plan and earnings on those contributions are not
taxable to the employees until distributed from the 401(k) plan.
Additionally, our named executive officers are permitted to participate in
the same health and welfare plans as other U.S. employees, including
medical, dental, and vision plans. Other Compensation Information Accounting
Considerations We take financial reporting implications into consideration
in designing compensation plans and arrangements for the members of our
executive team, other employees and members of our board of managers. These
accounting considerations include Financial Accounting Standards Board
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, or ASC Topic 718, the standard
which governs the accounting treatment of stock-based compensation awards.
Tax Considerations We have not provided any of our named executive officers
with a gross-upor other reimbursement for tax amounts the individual might
pay pursuant to Code Sections 280G, 4999 or 409A. Code Sections 280G and
4999 provide that named executive officers, directors who hold significant
stockholder interests and certain other service providers could be subject
to significant additional taxes if they receive payments or benefits in
connection with a change in control of our company that exceeds certain
limits, and that we or our successor could lose a deduction on the amounts
subject to the additional tax. Code Section 409A also imposes significant
taxes on the individual in the event that an executive officer, director or
other service provider receives “deferred compensation” that does not meet
the requirements of Code Section 409A. Under Code Section 162(m), we are
subject to limits on the deductibility of executive compensation. Deductible
compensation is limited to $1 million per year for the CEO and certain of
our current and former highly compensated executive officers (collectively
“covered employees”). While we cannot predict how the deductibility limit
may impact our compensation program in future years, we intend to maintain
an approach to executive compensation that strongly links pay to
performance. In addition, although we have not adopted a formal policy
regarding tax deductibility of compensation paid to our named executive
officers, the board of managers may consider tax deductibility under Code
Section 162(m) as a factor in its compensation decisions. 142

Hedging and Pledging Policies

We have established an Insider Trading Policy, which, among other things,
prohibits short sales, engaging in transactions in
publicly-traded options (such as puts and calls) and other derivative
securities relating to our common stock. This prohibition extends to any
hedging or similar transaction designed to decrease the risks associated
with holding our securities. In
addition, our named executive officers are prohibited from holding any of
our securities in a margin account and from pledging more than 10% of the
outstanding Class A common stock (or Class B common stock convertible into
Class A
common stock) held by such individual as collateral for a loan.

Compensation and Risk

We have undertaken a risk review of our employee compensation plans and
arrangements in which our employees (including our executive
officers) participate, to determine whether these plans and arrangements
have any features that might create undue risks or encourage unnecessary and
excessive risk-taking that could threaten our value. In our review, we
considered numerous factors
and design elements that manage and mitigate risk, and based on our review,
we concluded that any potential risks arising from our employee compensation
programs, including our executive programs, are not reasonably likely to
have a material adverse
effect on us.

143

Summary Compensation Table The amounts below represent the compensation
awarded to or earned by or paid to our named executive officers for the year
ended December 31, 2020:
                                                                            
  …                                                   N…        …           
  …        F…        S…       B…            O…        I…        …        …  
  …        Y…        (…       (…            A…        P…        …        …  
  …                                         (…        C…        …           
                                                      (…                    
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —             —         —        …        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
       2…        4…        —             —         —        9…       4…     
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —             —         —        …        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
       2…        6…        —            9…         —        3…       9…     
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —            5…        1…        …        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —             —         —        …        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
       2…        4…        —            1…        1…        9…       2…     
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        2…       6…  -6        2…         —        …        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant-date fair value   
       of the stock options calculated in accordance with                   
       ASC 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair     
       value of the stock options reported in the Option Awards column are  
  (1)  set forth in Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements        
       included elsewhere in this prospectus. Note                          
       that the amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting      
       cost for these stock options and do not correspond to the actual     
       economic value that may be received by our named executive officers  
       from the stock options.                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amounts reported represent the amounts earned based upon         
  (2)  achievement of certain performance goals under our                   
       executive bonus program.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (3)  Represents, in each case, amounts paid in connection with 401(k)     
       matching by us.                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (4)  Mr. Chen became our President and Chief Financial Officer in         
       November 2019.                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (5)  Ms. Valenzuela became our Chief Legal Officer in May 2020 in         
       connection with our acquisition of Machine Zone.                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amount of Ms. Valenzuela’s bonus for 2020 was granted in         
       connection with her employment in May 2020 and                       
       reflects the pro-rated amount of $100,000 for the period of her      
       employment by us in 2020. In connection with Ms. Valenzuela’s        
  (6)  employment, we entered into an agreement for her to participate in   
       our executive bonus program. For 2020, we                            
       guaranteed the payment of her bonus on a pro-rated basis absent our  
       experiencing unexpected and significantly diminished financial       
       performance.                                                         
                                                                            
Grant of Plan-Based Awards The following table sets forth information
regarding grants of plan-based awards under our 2011 Plan to our named
executive officers during 2020.
                                                                            
                                 Number of     Exercise or          Option  
                  Grant             Shares      Base Price      Grant Date  
  Name            Date(1)       Underlying              of      Fair Value  
                                    Option          Option          ($)(2)  
                                 Grant (#)      Awards ($)                  
  Adam            —                      —               —               —  
  Foroughi                                                                  
  Herald Chen     —                      —               —               —  
  Katie Jansen    11/18/2020         5,122           19.52       64,124.48  
                  11/18/2020       144,878           19.52    1,878,907.57  
  Basil Shikin    —                      —               —               —  
  Victoria        5/19/2020        103,416            7.45      579,769.75  
  Valenzuela                                                                
                  5/19/2020        736,584            7.45    4,245,919.88  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Each of the outstanding equity awards listed in the table above was  
       granted pursuant to our 2011 Plan.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant-date fair value of    
  (2)  stock option awards calculated in accordance with ASC                
       Topic 718.                                                           
                                                                            
144

Option Exercises and Stock Vested The following table sets forth information
regarding options exercised by and stock that vested for each named
executive officer during 2020.
                                                                            
                 Option                        Stock Awards                 
                 Awards                                                     
                 Number of      Value             Number of          Value  
                 Shares         Realized on          Shares    Realized on  
  Name           Acquired on    Exercise        Acquired on        Vesting  
                 Exercise       ($)(1)          Vesting (#)         ($)(2)  
                 (#)                                                        
  Adam           —              —                         —              —  
  Foroughi                                                                  
  Herald Chen    —              —              1,280,199.00    19,275,472…  
  Katie          —              —                210,000.00    1,513,778.…  
  Jansen                                                                    
  Basil          —              —                188,751.00    1,359,975.…  
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victoria       —              —                         —              —  
  Valenzuela                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Based on the market price of our common stock on the date of         
  (1)  exercise less the option exercise price paid for the                 
       shares, multiplied by the number of shares for which the option was  
       exercised.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Based on the market price of our common stock on the vesting date,   
  (2)  multiplied by the number of shares vested. Stock                     
       awards include early-exercised options as the repurchase right       
       lapses.                                                              
                                                                            
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Year-End The following table sets forth
information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive
officers as of December 31, 2020:
                                                                            
                          …                                     …           
                          …                                     …           
                                                                …        …  
                                                                …        …  
                          …           …                         …        …  
                          …           …                         …        …  
                          …           …       O…                …        …  
         …       V…       …           …       E…       …        …        …  
         …       C…       …           …       P…       …        …        …  
                 D…       …           …       (…       …        …        …  
                          …           …                         …        …  
                          …           …                         …        …  
                                                                …        …  
                                                                …        …  
                                                                         …  
         —       —        —           —        —       —        —        —  
         …       1…       …  -5       —       5…       …        —        —  
      …       …        —           —       —        —       1…  …    9…     
         …       1…       …  -6       —       1…       …        —        —  
      …       …        —           —       —        —       7…  …    6…     
      …       …        —           —       —        —       1…  …    1…     
      …       …        —           —       —        —       6…  …    5…     
         …       1…       …  -7       …       5…       …        —        —  
         …       5…       …  -8       —       7…       …        —        —  
      …       …        —           —       —        —       5…  …    4…     
      …       …        —           —       —        —       9…  …    7…     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Each of the outstanding equity awards listed in the table above was  
       granted pursuant to our 2011 Plan.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This column represents the option exercise price per share of our    
  (2)  Class A common stock on the grant date, as                           
       determined by our board of directors.                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amounts in this column reflect shares acquired upon the          
  (3)  early-exercise of options that remain subject to vesting             
       conditions and forfeiture.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The market price for our Class A common stock is based upon $86.13,  
  (4)  the last sale price of our Class A common                            
       stock on December 1, 2021.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is         
       immediately exercisable. The vesting conditions are                  
  (5)  satisfied, subject to Mr. Chen’s continued role as a service         
       provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on November 4, 2020  
       with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is         
       immediately exercisable. The shares underlying this stock            
  (6)  option vest, subject to Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service     
       provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on November 13,      
       2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject to Mr.         
  (7)  Shikin’s continued role as a service provider to us,                 
       as to 1/4th of the total shares on December 1, 2019 with 1/48th of   
       the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                         
                                                                            
145
                                                                            
       This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is         
       immediately exercisable. The shares underlying this stock            
  (8)  option vest, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s continued role as a         
       service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on May 19,   
       2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr. Chen’s          
  (9)  continued role as a service provider to us, as to                    
       1/4th of the total shares on November 4, 2020 with 1/48th of the     
       total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s       
  (10)  continued role as a service provider to us, as                      
        to 1/4th of the total shares on November 13, 2021 with 1/48th of    
        the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s       
  (11)  continued role as a service provider to us, as                      
        to 1/4th of the total shares on January 22, 2020 with 1/48th of     
        the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s       
  (12)  continued role as a service provider to us, as                      
        to 1/4th of the total shares on January 12, 2018 with 1/48th of     
        the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s   
  (13)  continued role as a service provider to us,                         
        as to 1/4th of the total shares on May 19, 2021 with 1/48th of the  
        total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s   
  (14)  continued role as a service provider to us,                         
        as to 100% of the total shares on May 19, 2021.                     
                                                                            
Executive Employment Agreements We have entered into employment letters
setting forth the terms and conditions of employment for each of our named
executive officers and Mr. Chen as described below. Adam Foroughi We have
entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Mr. Foroughi.
The letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides that Mr.
Foroughi is an at-willemployee. Mr. Foroughi’s current annual base salary is
$100,000. Herald Chen We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter
agreement with Mr. Chen. The letter agreement does not have a specific term
and provides that Mr. Chen is an at-will employee. Mr. Chen’s current annual
base salary is $400,000. Katie Jansen We have entered into a confirmatory
employment letter agreement with Ms. Jansen. The letter agreement does not
have a specific term and provides that Ms. Jansen is an at-willemployee. Ms.
Jansen’s current annual base salary is $400,000. Basil Shikin We have
entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Mr. Shikin. The
letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides that Mr. Shikin
is an at-will employee. Mr. Shikin current annual base salary is $400,000.
Victoria Valenzuela We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter
agreement with Ms. Valenzuela. The letter agreement does not have a specific
term and provides that Ms. Valenzuela is an at-willemployee. Ms. Valenzuela
is also eligible for a $1.0 million cash retention bonus that is earned once
she has been employed with us for one year (the Retention Bonus). Ms.
Valenzuela’s current annual base salary is $400,000. 146

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control Executive Change in
Control and Severance Plan In March 2021, our board of directors adopted an
Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan (the Executive Severance
Plan) pursuant to which our executive officers and certain other key
employees are eligible to receive severance benefits, as specified in and
subject to the employee signing a participation agreement under our
Executive Severance Plan. This Executive Severance Plan was developed with
input from Radford (Aon plc), regarding severance practices at comparable
companies. It will be designed to attract, retain, and reward senior level
employees. The Executive Severance Plan generally will be in lieu of any
other severance payments and benefits to which such key employee was
entitled prior to signing the participation agreement, except as
specifically provided under that employee’s participation agreement under
the Executive Severance Plan. Our board of directors has designated each of
our executive officers as a participant under our Executive Severance Plan
eligible for the rights to the applicable payments and benefits described
below. In the event of a “termination” of the employment of a named
executive officer by us for a reason other than “cause” or the named
executive officer’s death or “disability” (as such terms are defined in our
Executive Severance Plan), that occurs outside the change in control period
(as described below), the named executive officer will be entitled to the
following payments and benefits:
                                                                            
       a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named executive         
  •    officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months in the case               
       of Mr. Foroughi; and                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of                
       reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health         
  •    coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985   
       as amended (COBRA) for a period of 12 months, or 18 months in the    
       case of Mr. Foroughi.                                                
                                                                            
In the event of a “termination” of the employment by us for a reason other
than “cause” or the named executive officer’s death or “disability” or by
the named executive officer for “good reason” (as such terms are defined in
our Executive Severance Plan), in either case, occurring within a period
beginning three months prior to and ending 12 months following a “change in
control” (as defined in our Executive Severance Plan) (such period, the
change in control period), the named executive officer will be entitled to
the following payments and benefits:
                                                                            
       a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named executive         
  •    officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months in the case               
       of Mr. Foroughi;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of                
       reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health         
  •    coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985   
       as amended (COBRA) for a period of 18 months, 24 months in the case  
       of Mr. Foroughi; and                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards, and,      
       with respect to equity awards with performance-based                 
  •    vesting, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be     
       deemed achieved at 100% of target levels for the relevant            
       performance period(s).                                               
                                                                            
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Mr. Chen, if his employment is
involuntarily terminated without “cause“ or he resigns for “good reason”
within the twelve months following a “change of control” (as such terms are
defined in his participation agreement), then he will automatically vest in
100% of the option award granted to him on November 5, 2019. In the case of
Ms. Valenzuela, if her employment is terminated by the company without
“cause” or she resigns for “good reason” (as such terms are defined in her
participation agreement) on or prior to May 19, 2021, in addition to the
benefits described above: (A) if such termination occurs within the change
in control 147

period, then she will receive a lump sum payment of her Retention Bonus
(less applicable withholding taxes); and (B) if such termination occurs
outside of the change in control period, then she will receive the benefit
described in the preceding clause (A) and (2) she will fully vest in her
stock option covering 90,000 shares granted on May 19, 2020. In addition, in
the case of Mr. Chen, upon an “acquisition” (as such term is defined in his
participation agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of his stock option
granted to him on November 5, 2019 (the “Original Option”) will become
vested. The receipt of the payments and benefits provided for under the
Executive Severance Plan described above is conditioned on the named
executive officer signing and not revoking a separation and release of
claims agreement and such release becoming effective and irrevocable no
later than the 60th day following the named executive officer’s involuntary
termination of employment, as well as compliance with certain non-
disparagement provisions and continued compliance with any confidentiality,
proprietary information, and inventions agreement applicable to the named
executive officer. In addition, if any of the payments or benefits provided
for under the Executive Severance Plan or otherwise payable to a named
executive officer would constitute “parachute payments” within the meaning
of Section 280G of the Code and could be subject to the related excise tax,
the named executive officer will receive either full payment of such
payments and benefits or such lesser amount that would result in no portion
of the payments and benefits being subject to the excise tax, whichever
results in the greater amount of after-tax benefits to them. Except as
discussed above, the Executive Severance Plan does not require us to provide
any tax gross-up payments to the named executive officers. The following
tables sets forth the potential payments that would have been provided to
each of our named executive officers under each of the circumstances
specified below if he or she had terminated employment with us effective
December 31, 2020.
                                                                            
              Terminat…                                                     
                Outside                                                     
              of Change                                                     
                     in                                                     
                Control                                                     
                 Period                                                     
                    ($)                                                     
                                        Accelera…                           
                 Annual                        of                           
  Name             Base        COBRA      Vesting    Retention       Total  
              Salary(1)    Premiums…           of        Bonus              
                                           Equity                           
                                           Awards                           
  Adam          600,000       45,673            —            —     645,673  
  Foroughi                                                                  
  Herald        400,000       30,348    38,465,0…            —    38,895,…  
  Chen(3)                                                                   
  Katie         400,000       30,348            —            —     430,348  
  Jansen                                                                    
  Basil         400,000       22,704            —            —     422,704  
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victoria      400,000       30,348    1,761,900    1,000,000    3,192,2…  
  Valenzu…                                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Based on a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named          
  (1)  executive officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months                 
       in the case of Mr. Foroughi.                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of     
       reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued                
  (2)  health coverage under COBRA for a period of 12 months, or 18 months  
       in the case of Mr. Foroughi. Amounts in the table are based on       
       estimated premium cost of continued health coverage under COBRA for  
       the 12 or 18 months beginning January 2021.                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Upon an “acquisition” (as such term is defined in his participation  
  (3)  agreement), 50% of the unvested portion                              
       of the Original Option will become vested.                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       If Ms. Valenzuela’s employment is terminated by the company without  
       “cause” or she resigns for                                           
       “good reason” (as such terms are defined in her participation        
  (4)  agreement) on or prior to May 19, 2021, in addition to the benefits  
       described above she will receive (1) a lump sum payment of her       
       Retention Bonus (less applicable withholding                         
       taxes) and (2) fully vest in her stock option covering 90,000        
       shares granted on May 19, 2020.                                      
                                                                            
148
                                                                            
              Terminat…                                                     
                 within                                                     
              Change in                                                     
                Control                                                     
                 Period                                                     
                    ($)                                                     
                                        Accelera…                           
                 Annual                        of                           
  Name             Base        COBRA      Vesting    Retention       Total  
              Salary(1)    Premiums…           of        Bonus              
                                           Equity                           
                                        Awards(3)                           
  Adam          800,000       60,998            —            —     860,998  
  Foroughi                                                                  
  Herald        600,000       45,673    76,930,0…            —    77,575,…  
  Chen(4)                                                                   
  Katie         600,000       45,673    6,662,474            —    7,308,1…  
  Jansen                                                                    
  Basil         600,000       34,610    15,033,3…            —    15,667,…  
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victoria      600,000       45,673    16,444,4…    1,000,000    18,090,…  
  Valenzu…                                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Based on a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named          
  (1)  executive officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months                 
       in the case of Mr. Foroughi.                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of     
       reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued                
  (2)  health coverage under COBRA for a period of 18 months, 24 months in  
       the case of Mr. Foroughi. Amounts in the table are based on          
       estimated premium cost of continued health coverage under COBRA for  
       the 18 or 24 months beginning January 2021.                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Based on 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards,  
       and, with respect to equity awards with                              
  (3)  performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting    
       criteria will be deemed achieved at 100% of target levels for the    
       relevant performance period(s).                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       If Mr. Chen’s employment is involuntarily terminated without         
       “cause“ or he resigns for “good                                      
       reason” within the twelve months following a “change of control”     
       (as such terms are defined in his participation agreement), then he  
  (4)  will automatically vest in 100% of the option award granted to him   
       on November 5, 2019. In addition,                                    
       upon an “acquisition” (as such term is defined in his participation  
       agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of the Original Option will  
       become vested.                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       If Ms. Valenzuela’s employment is terminated without “cause” or she  
       resigns for “good reason”                                            
  (5)  (as such terms are defined in her participation agreement) on or     
       prior to May 19, 2021, in addition to the benefits described above   
       will receive a lump sum payment of her Retention Bonus (less         
       applicable withholding taxes).                                       
                                                                            
Employee Benefit and Stock Plans 2021 Equity Incentive Plan Our board of
directors has adopted and our stockholders have approved our 2021 Plan. Our
2021 Plan became effective on April 13, 2021. Our 2021 Plan provides for the
grant of incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), to our employees and
any parent and subsidiary companies’ employees, and for the grant of
nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs),
stock appreciation rights (SARs), performance units, and performance shares
to our employees, directors, and consultants and our parent and subsidiary
companies’ employees and consultants. Our board of directors is expected to
approve the termination of our 2011 Plan immediately prior to the
effectiveness of our 2021 Plan with respect to the grant of future awards.
Authorized Shares A total of 39,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock
were initially reserved for issuance pursuant to our 2021 Plan. In addition,
the shares reserved for issuance under our 2021 Plan also include any shares
subject to stock options, RSUs, or similar awards granted under our 2011
Plan that, after the date our board of directors approved our 2021 Plan,
expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full, are
tendered to or withheld by us for payment of an exercise price or for
satisfying tax withholding and remittance obligations, or are forfeited to
or repurchased by us due to failure to vest (provided that the maximum
number of shares that may be added to our 2021 Plan pursuant to the
foregoing is 19,840,000 shares). The number of shares available for issuance
under our 2021 Plan will also include an annual increase on the first day of
each fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2021, equal to the least of:
                           
  •    39,000,000 shares;  
                           
149
                                                                            
       five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of our    
  •    common stock as of the last day of the immediately                   
       preceding fiscal year; or                                            
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    such other amount as our board of directors may determine.  
                                                                   
If an award granted under the 2021 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable
without having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an
exchange program or, with respect to restricted stock, RSUs, performance
units, or performance shares, is forfeited or repurchased due to failure to
vest, then the unpurchased shares (or for awards other than stock options or
SARs, the forfeited or repurchased shares) will become available for future
grant or sale under the 2021 Plan. With respect to SARs, only the net shares
actually issued will cease to be available under the 2021 Plan and all
remaining shares under SARs will remain available for future grant or sale
under the 2021 Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the 2021
Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2021 Plan; provided,
however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, RSUs,
performance shares, or performance units are repurchased or forfeited, such
shares will become available for future grant under the 2021 Plan. Shares
used to pay the exercise price of an award or to satisfy the tax withholding
and remittance obligations related to an award will become available for
future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan. To the extent an award is paid out
in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in a reduction
in the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. Plan
Administration Our board of directors or one or more committees appointed by
our board of directors will administer our 2021 Plan. The compensation
committee of our board of directors is expected to administer our 2021 Plan.
In addition, if we determine it is desirable to qualify transactions under
our 2021 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3,such transactions will be
structured with the intent that they satisfy the requirements for exemption
under Rule 16b-3.Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, the
administrator has the power to administer our 2021 Plan and make all
determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the 2021
Plan, including, but not limited to, the power to determine the fair market
value of our Class A common stock, select the service providers to whom
awards may be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award,
approve forms of award agreements for use under the 2021 Plan, determine the
terms and conditions of awards (including, but not limited to, the exercise
price, the time or times at which the awards may be exercised, any vesting
acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or
limitation regarding any award or the shares relating thereto), construe and
interpret the terms of our 2021 Plan and awards granted under it, prescribe,
amend, and rescind rules, regulations, and sub-plansrelating to our 2021
Plan, and modify or amend each award, including, but not limited to, the
discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period
of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will be
extended past its original maximum term), and to allow a participant to
defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would
otherwise be due to such participant under an award. The administrator also
has the authority to allow participants the opportunity to transfer
outstanding awards to a financial institution or other person or entity
selected by the administrator and to institute an exchange program by which
outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of
the same type which may have a higher or lower exercise price and/or
different terms, awards of a different type, and/or cash, or by which the
exercise price of an outstanding award is increased or reduced. The
administrator’s decisions, interpretations, and other actions are final and
binding on all participants. Stock Options Stock options may be granted
under our 2021 Plan. The exercise price of options granted under our 2021
Plan must at least be equal to the fair market value of our Class A common
stock on the date 150

of grant. The administrator will determine the term of each option, provided
that the term of an incentive stock option may not exceed ten years. With
respect to any participant who owns more
than 10% of the voting power of all classes of our outstanding stock, the
term of an incentive stock option granted to such participant must not
exceed five years and the exercise price must equal at least 110% of the
fair market value on the grant
date. The administrator will determine the methods of payment of the
exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares, or other
property acceptable to the administrator, as well as other types of
consideration permitted by applicable law.
After the termination of service of an employee, director, or consultant, he
or she may exercise his or her option for the period of time stated in his
or her option agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an award
agreement, if termination
is due to death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12
months. In all other cases, in the absence of a specified time in an award
agreement, the option will remain exercisable for three months following the
termination of service.
An option may not be exercised later than the expiration of its term.
Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the
other terms of options.

Stock Appreciation Rights

SARs may be granted under our 2021 Plan. SARs allow the recipient to receive
the appreciation in the fair market value of our
Class A common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. SARs
may not have a term exceeding ten years. After the termination of service of
an employee, director, or consultant, he or she may exercise his or her
stock appreciation
right for the period of time stated in his or her SARs agreement. In the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, if termination is due to
death or disability, the SARs will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all
other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the SARs will remain
exercisable for three months following the termination of service. However,
in no event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the
expiration of its term.
Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the
other terms of SARs, including when such rights become exercisable and
whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of our
Class A common stock, or
a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the
shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock appreciation right
will be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of
grant.

Restricted Stock

Restricted
stock may be granted under our 2021 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants
of shares of our Class A common stock that vest in accordance with terms and
conditions established by the administrator. The administrator will
determine the number
of shares of restricted stock granted to any employee, director, or
consultant and, subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, will determine
the terms and conditions of such awards. The administrator may impose
whatever conditions to vesting it
determines to be appropriate (for example, the administrator may set
restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or
continued service to us); provided, however, that the administrator, in its
sole discretion, may accelerate
the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients of
restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with
respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting, unless the
administrator provides
otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to our
right of repurchase or forfeiture.

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs may be granted under our 2021 Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries
representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share
of our Class A common stock. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, the
administrator determines the terms and conditions of RSUs, including the
vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The administrator may
set vesting
criteria

151

based upon the achievement of company-wide, divisional, business unit, or
individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or
service), applicable federal or state securities
laws, or any other basis determined by the administrator in its discretion.
The administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned RSUs in the form
of cash, in shares of our Class A common stock, or in some combination
thereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the administrator, in its sole discretion,
may accelerate the time at which any vesting requirements will be deemed
satisfied. Participants will have no voting rights with respect to RSUs
until the date shares are
issued with respect to such RSUs. The administrator may provide that a
participant is entitled to receive dividend equivalents with respect to the
payment of cash dividends on shares having a record date prior to the date
on which the applicable
RSUs are settled or forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Plan.

Performance Units and Performance Shares

Performance units and performance shares may be granted under our 2021 Plan.
Performance units and performance shares are awards that
will result in a payment to a participant only if performance goals
established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest.
The administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting
criteria in its discretion,
which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the
number and/or the value of performance units and performance shares to be
paid out to participants. The administrator may set performance objectives
based on the achievement of
company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but
not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or
state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the administrator in
its discretion. After
the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in
its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance criteria or other
vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares.
Performance units shall have
an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the
grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial value equal to the fair
market value of our Class A common stock on the grant date. The
administrator, in its sole
discretion, may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the
form of cash, in shares, or in some combination thereof. Participants will
have no voting rights with respect to performance units and/or performance
shares until the date
shares are issued with respect to such performance units and/or performance
shares. The administrator may provide that a participation is entitled to
receive dividend equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends
on shares having a
record date prior to the date on which the applicable performance shares are
settled or forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Plan.

Non-Transferabilityof Awards

Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2021 Plan
generally will not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient
of an award may exercise an award during his or her lifetime. If the
administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such
additional terms and conditions
as the administrator deems appropriate.

Certain Adjustments

In the event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution
or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits
available under our 2021 Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and
class of shares that may be delivered under our 2021 Plan and/or the number,
class, and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the
numerical share limits set
forth in our 2021 Plan.

Dissolution or Liquidation

In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator
will notify participants as soon as practicable and all awards
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
transaction.

152

Merger or Change in Control

Our 2021 Plan provides that in the event of our merger with or into another
corporation or entity or a change in control (as defined in
our 2021 Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator
determines, including, without limitation, that (i) awards will be assumed,
or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or
succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the
number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a
participant, that the participant’s awards will terminate upon or
immediately prior to the
consummation of such merger or change in control; (iii) outstanding awards
will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions
applicable to an award will lapse, in whole or in part, prior to or upon
consummation of such
merger or change in control and, to the extent the administrator determines,
terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or
change in control; (iv) (A) the termination of an award in exchange for an
amount of cash
and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant’s rights
as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance
of doubt, if as of
the date of the occurrence of the transaction the administrator determines
in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of
such award or realization of the participant’s rights, then such award may
be terminated by us
without payment), or (B) the replacement of such award with other rights or
property selected by the administrator in its sole discretion; (v) with
respect only to an award (or portion thereof) that is unvested as of
immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger or change in control, the termination of
the award immediately prior to the effective time of the merger or change in
control with such payment to the participant (including no payment) as the
administrator
determines in its discretion; or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. The
administrator will not be obligated to treat all participants, awards, all
awards a participant holds, or all awards of the same type, similarly in the
transaction.

In the event an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or
substituted in the event of a merger or change in control, the
administrator will notify each participant in writing or electronically that
the option or stock appreciation right, as applicable, will be exercisable
for a period of time determined by the administrator in its sole discretion,
and the option or
stock appreciation right, as applicable, will terminate upon the expiration
of such period.

For awards granted to an outside
director, in the event of a change in control, the outside director will
fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding
options and SARs, all restrictions on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse
and, for awards with
performance-based vesting, unless specifically provided for in the award
agreement, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed
achieved at 100% of target levels and all other terms and conditions met.

Clawback

Awards are subject
to any clawback policy of ours, and the administrator also may specify in an
award agreement that the participant’s rights, payments, and/or benefits
with respect to an award will be subject to reduction, cancellation,
forfeiture, and/or
recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. Our board of
directors may require a participant to forfeit, return, or reimburse us all
or a portion of the award and/or shares issued under the award, any amounts
paid under the award,
and any payments or proceeds paid or provided upon disposition of the shares
issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy or
applicable laws.

Amendment and Termination

The administrator has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our 2021
Plan provided such action does not impair the existing
rights of any participant. Our 2021 Plan will continue in effect until

153

terminated by the administrator, but (i) no incentive stock options may be
granted after ten years from the date our 2021 Plan was adopted by our board
of directors and (ii) the annual
increase to the number of shares available for issuance under our 2021 Plan
will operate only until the tenth anniversary of the date our 2021 Plan was
adopted by our board of directors.

2011 Equity Incentive Plan

Our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our Amended
and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (our 2011 Plan) in
October 2011. Our 2011 Plan was most recently amended in September 2020. Our
2011 Plan allows for the grant of incentive stock options, within the
meaning of Section 422 of the Code, to employees or ours and of a parent and
subsidiary of ours,
and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, RSUs, SARs, and restricted
stock to employees, officers, directors and consultants of ours or any
parent or subsidiary of ours.

Authorized Shares

Our 2011
Plan terminated in April 2021 in connection with our initial public
offering, and accordingly, no shares are available for issuance under the
2011 Plan. Our 2011 Plan will continue to govern outstanding awards granted
thereunder.

Plan Administration

Our
board of directors or a committee created and appointed by our board of
directors, in either case the administrator, administers our 2011 Plan.
Subject to general purposes, terms and conditions of our 2011 Plan, and to
the direction of our board of
directors, the administrator has full power to implement and carry out our
2011 Plan.

The administrator may, at any time or from
time to time, authorize the company, with the consent of the respective
participants, to issue new awards in exchange for the surrender and
cancellation of any or all outstanding awards. Without prior stockholder
approval the administrator may
reprice options or SARs (and where such repricing is a reduction in the
exercise price of outstanding options or SARs, the consent of the affected
participants is not required provided written notice is provided to them).
The administrator may at
any time buy from a participant an award previously granted with payment in
cash, shares (including Restricted Stock) or other consideration, based on
such terms and conditions as the administrator and the participant may
agree.

Eligibility

Employees,
officers, directors and consultants of ours or our parent or subsidiary
companies are eligible to receive awards under our 2011 Plan, except that
only employees of ours or our parent or subsidiary companies are eligible to
receive incentive stock
options.

Options

The
administrator may grant options under our 2011 Plan to eligible persons and
will determine whether such options will be incentive stock options or
nonqualified stock options, the number of shares subject to the option, the
exercise price of the
option, the period during which the option may be exercised, and all other
terms and conditions of the option, subject to our 2011 Plan. Our 2011 Plan
provides that the exercise price of an option is determined by the
administrator when the option
is granted and generally is not less than the fair market value per share,
except that the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a
person who directly or by attribution owns more than 10% of the total
combined voting power of all
classes of stock of ours or any parent or subsidiary of ours, or a 10%

154

Stockholder, will not be less than one 110% of the fair market value of the
shares on the date of grant. Our 2011 Plan also provides that the term of a
stock option may not exceed 10 years,
and the term of an incentive stock option granted to a 10% Stockholder may
not exceed 5 years. If the employment or service of an option recipient is
terminated for any reason other than cause, then the recipient (or the
recipient’s legal
representative or authorized assignee) generally may exercise the vested
portion of his or her option within 3 months following the termination date
(or such other period determined by the administrator, provided that such
period extends at least 30
days following the termination date), except that if the termination is a
result of the recipient’s death or recipient dies within 3 months following
his or her termination date, then such period generally will be 12 months
(or such other
period determined by the administrator, provided that such period extends at
least 6 months following the termination date), subject in all cases to the
expiration date of the option. The administrator may modify, extend or renew
outstanding options
and authorize the grant of new options in substitution for outstanding
options, provided that any such action may not, without the written consent
of the recipient of an option, impair such person’s rights under any option
previously granted.
Any outstanding incentive stock option that is modified, extended, renewed
or otherwise altered will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h) of
the Code. Subject to our 2011 Plan, the administrator may reduce the
exercise price of
outstanding options without the consent of option recipients by a written
notice to them, except the exercise price may not be reduced below the fair
market value of a share on the date of reduction.

Restricted Stock

A
restricted stock award is an offer by us to sell to an eligible person
shares of our Class A common stock that are subject to certain specified
restrictions. The administrator determines to whom an offer will be made,
the number of shares the
person may purchase, the purchase price, the restrictions to which the
shares will be subject, and all other terms and conditions of the Restricted
Stock Award, subject to the terms and conditions of our 2011 Plan. Our 2011
Plan provides that
holders of restricted stock will be entitled to receive all dividends and
other distributions paid with respect to such restricted stock, unless
provided otherwise by the administrator. Shares of restricted stock that do
not vest are subject to our
right of repurchase or forfeiture.

Restricted Stock Units

Our 2011 Plan permits the grant of awards of RSUs, which may be settled in
cash, or by issuance of shares at a date in the future. No
purchase price shall apply to an RSU settled in shares. To the extent
permissible under applicable law, the administrator may permit a participant
to defer payment under an RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned,
provided that the terms of
the RSU and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the
Code (or any successor). Payment may be made in the form of cash or whole
Shares or a combination thereof, all as the administrator determines.

Transferability of Awards

Except as permitted by the administrator, awards granted under our 2011
Plan, and any interest therein, will not be transferable or
assignable by any participant, other than by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution, except that nonstatutory stock options may be transferred
by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in accordance with the
terms of our 2011
Plan.

Certain Adjustments

In the event that the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common
stock is changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization,
stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification
or other change in our capital structure affecting shares without
consideration, then in order to prevent

155

diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to
be made available under our 2011 Plan (i) the number of shares reserved for
issuance under our 2011 Plan,
(ii) the exercise prices of and number of shares subject to outstanding
options and SARs, and (iii) the purchase prices of and/or number of shares
subject to other outstanding awards will be proportionately adjusted,
subject to any
required action by our board of directors or our stockholders and compliance
with applicable securities laws. However, fractions of a share will not be
issued but will either be paid in cash at the fair market value of such
fraction of a share or
will be rounded down to the nearest whole share, as determined by the
administrator.

Corporate Transactions

Our 2011 Plan provides that, in the event that we are subject to an
acquisition or other combination, outstanding awards acquired under
our 2011 Plan will be subject to the agreement evidencing the acquisition or
other combination. The agreement need not treat all outstanding awards in an
identical matter.

Amendment; Termination

Our
board of directors may amend, suspend, or terminate our 2011 Plan at any
time, provided that such action will not affect outstanding awards
previously issued or granted without the written consent of the recipient of
such award. As noted above,
immediately prior to the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, our 2011 Plan will
be terminated and no further awards will be granted thereunder. All
outstanding awards will continue to be governed by their existing terms.

2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan

Our board of directors has adopted and our stockholders have approved our
2021 Partner Plan. Our 2021 Partner Plan became effective on
April 13, 2021. Our 2021 Partner Plan provides for the grant of nonstatutory
stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs), stock
appreciation rights (SARs), performance units, and performance shares to
individuals or entities
engaged by us or a parent or subsidiary of ours to render bona fide services
to the party engaging such individual or entity.

Authorized Shares

A total of 390,000 shares of our Class A common stock were initially
reserved for issuance pursuant to our 2021
Partner Plan.

If an award granted under the 2021 Partner Plan expires or becomes
unexercisable without having been exercised in
full, is surrendered pursuant to an exchange program or, with respect to
restricted stock, RSUs, performance units, or performance shares, is
forfeited or repurchased due to failure to vest, then the unpurchased shares
(or for awards other than
stock options or SARs, the forfeited or repurchased shares) will become
available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Partner Plan. With respect
to SARs, only the net shares actually issued will cease to be available
under the 2021 Partner Plan
and all remaining shares under SARs will remain available for future grant
or sale under the 2021 Partner Plan. Shares that have actually been issued
under the 2021 Partner Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2021
Partner Plan;
provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted
stock, RSUs, performance shares, or performance units are repurchased or
forfeited, such shares will become available for future grant under the 2021
Partner Plan. Shares used
to pay the exercise price of an award or to satisfy the tax withholding and
remittance obligations related to an award will become available for future
grant or sale under the 2021 Partner Plan. To the extent an award is paid
out in cash rather than
shares, such cash payment will not result in a reduction in the number of
shares available for issuance under the 2021 Partner Plan.

156

Plan Administration

Our board of directors or one or more committees appointed by our board of
directors may administer our 2021 Partner Plan. The
compensation committee of our board of directors administers our 2021
Partner Plan. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Partner Plan, the
administrator has the power to administer our 2021 Partner Plan and make all
determinations deemed necessary
or advisable for administering the 2021 Partner Plan, including, but not
limited to, the power to determine the fair market value of our Class A
common stock, select the service providers to whom awards may be granted,
determine the number
of shares covered by each award, approve forms of award agreements for use
under the 2021 Partner Plan, determine the terms and conditions of awards
(including, but not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times at
which the awards may
be exercised, any vesting acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions,
and any restriction or limitation regarding any award or the shares relating
thereto), construe and interpret the terms of our 2021 Partner Plan and
awards granted under
it, prescribe, amend, and rescind rules, regulations, and sub-plans relating
to our 2021 Partner Plan, and modify or amend each award, including, but not
limited to, the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination
exercisability
period of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will
be extended past its original maximum term), and to allow a participant to
defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would
otherwise be due to such
participant under an award. The administrator also has the authority to
allow participants the opportunity to transfer outstanding awards to a
financial institution or other person or entity selected by the
administrator and to institute an exchange
program by which outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled in
exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or lower
exercise price and/or different terms, awards of a different type, and/or
cash, or by which the exercise
price of an outstanding award is increased or reduced. The administrator’s
decisions, interpretations, and other actions are final and binding on all
participants.

Stock Options

Stock options
may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. The exercise price of options
granted under our 2021 Partner Plan must at least be equal to the fair
market value of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. The
administrator will determine the
term of each option. The administrator will determine the methods of payment
of the exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares, or other
property acceptable to the administrator, as well as other types of
consideration permitted by
applicable law. After the termination of service of participant, it, he or
she may exercise its, his or her option for the period of time stated in
its, his or her option agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an
award agreement, the
option will remain exercisable three months following the termination of
service. An option may not be exercised later than the expiration of its
term. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Partner Plan, the administrator
determines the other terms
of options.

Stock Appreciation Rights

SARs may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. SARs allow the recipient to
receive the appreciation in the fair market value of our
Class A common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. SARs
may not have a term exceeding ten years. After the termination of service of
a participant, it, he or she may exercise its, his or her stock appreciation
right for the
period of time stated in its, his or her SARs agreement. In the absence of a
specified time in an award agreement, the SARs will remain exercisable for
three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may
a stock appreciation
right be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the
provisions of our 2021 Partner Plan, the administrator determines the other
terms of SARs, including when such rights become exercisable and whether to
pay any increased
appreciation in cash or with shares of our Class A common stock, or a
combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the shares
to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock appreciation right will be
no less than 100% of the
fair market value per share on the date of grant.

157

Restricted Stock

Restricted stock may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. Restricted
stock awards are grants of shares of our Class A common
stock that vest in accordance with terms and conditions established by the
administrator. The administrator will determine the number of shares of
restricted stock granted to any eligible individual or entity and, subject
to the provisions of our
2021 Partner Plan, will determine the terms and conditions of such awards.
The administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to
be appropriate (for example, the administrator may set restrictions based on
the achievement of
specific performance goals or continued service to us); provided, however,
that the administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at
which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients of restricted
stock awards generally
will have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant
without regard to vesting, unless the administrator provides otherwise.
Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to our right of
repurchase or forfeiture.

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping
entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of
one share of our Class A common stock. Subject to the provisions of our 2021
Partner Plan, the administrator determines the terms and conditions of RSUs,
including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The
administrator may
set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of company-wide, divisional,
business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued
employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any
other basis
determined by the administrator in its discretion. The administrator, in its
sole discretion, may pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of our
Class A common stock, or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the
administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any
vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied. Participants will have no
voting rights with respect to RSUs until the date shares are issued with
respect to such RSUs. The
administrator may provide that a participant is entitled to receive dividend
equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on shares having a
record date prior to the date on which the applicable RSUs are settled or
forfeited in
accordance with our 2021 Partner Plan.

Performance Units and Performance Shares

Performance units and performance shares may be granted under our 2021
Partner Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards
that will result in a payment to a participant only if performance goals
established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest.
The administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting
criteria in its discretion,
which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the
number and/or the value of performance units and performance shares to be
paid out to participants. The administrator may set performance objectives
based on the achievement of
company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but
not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or
state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the administrator in
its discretion. After
the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in
its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance criteria or other
vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares.
Performance units shall have
an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the
grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial value equal to the fair
market value of our Class A common stock on the grant date. The
administrator, in its sole
discretion, may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the
form of cash, in shares, or in some combination thereof. Participants will
have no voting rights with respect to performance units and/or performance
shares until the date
shares are issued with respect to such performance units and/or performance
shares. The administrator may provide that a participation is entitled to
receive dividend equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends
on shares having a
record date prior to the date on which the applicable performance shares are
settled or forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Partner Plan.

158

Non-Transferability of Awards

Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2021 Partner Plan generally
will not allow for the transfer of awards and only the
recipient of an award may exercise an award during its, his or her lifetime.
If the administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain
such additional terms and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate.

Certain Adjustments

In the
event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution or
enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits available under our 2021
Partner Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares
that may be delivered
under our 2021 Partner Plan and/or the number, class, and price of shares
covered by each outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth
in our 2021 Partner Plan.

Dissolution or Liquidation

In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator
will notify participants as soon as practicable and all awards
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
transaction.

Merger or Change in Control

Our 2021 Partner Plan provides that in the event of our merger with or into
another corporation or entity or a change in control (as
defined in our 2021 Partner Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as
the administrator determines, including, without limitation, that (i) awards
will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by
the acquiring
or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate
adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon
written notice to a participant, that the participant’s awards will
terminate upon or immediately
prior to the consummation of such merger or change in control; (iii)
outstanding awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable,
or restrictions applicable to an award will lapse, in whole or in part,
prior to or upon
consummation of such merger or change in control and, to the extent the
administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the
effectiveness of such merger or change in control; (iv) (A) the termination
of an award in
exchange for an amount of cash and/or property, if any, equal to the amount
that would have been attained upon the exercise of such award or realization
of the participant’s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the
transaction (and, for
the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the
transaction the administrator determines in good faith that no amount would
have been attained upon the exercise of such award or realization of the
participant’s rights, then
such award may be terminated by us without payment), or (B) the replacement
of such award with other rights or property selected by the administrator in
its sole discretion; (v) with respect only to an award (or portion thereof)
that is
unvested as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger or
change in control, the termination of the award immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger or change in control with such payment to the
participant (including no
payment) as the administrator determines in its discretion; or (vi) any
combination of the foregoing. The administrator will not be obligated to
treat all participants, awards, all awards a participant holds, or all
awards of the same type,
similarly in the transaction.

In the event an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or
substituted in the event of a
merger or change in control, the administrator will notify each participant
in writing or electronically that the option or stock appreciation right, as
applicable, will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the
administrator in its sole
discretion, and the option or stock appreciation right, as applicable, will
terminate upon the expiration of such period.

159

Clawback Awards are subject to any clawback policy of ours, and the
administrator also may specify in an award agreement that the participant’s
rights, payments, and/or benefits with respect to an award will be subject
to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, and/or recoupment upon the
occurrence of certain specified events. Our board of directors may require a
participant to forfeit, return, or reimburse us all or a portion of the
award and/or shares issued under the award, any amounts paid under the
award, and any payments or proceeds paid or provided upon disposition of the
shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy
or applicable laws. Amendment and Termination The administrator has the
authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our 2021 Partner Plan provided
such action does not impair the existing rights of any participant. Our 2021
Partner Plan will continue in effect until terminated by the administrator.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan Our board of directors has adopted and our
stockholders have approved, our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (our ESPP). Our
ESPP became effective on April 13, 2021. However, no offering period or
purchase period will begin unless and until otherwise determined by our
board of directors. Authorized Shares A total of 7,800,000 shares of our
Class A common stock are available for sale under our ESPP. The number of
shares of our Class A common stock that will be available for sale under our
ESPP also includes an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year
beginning with fiscal year 2022, equal to the least of:
                          
  •    7,800,000 shares;  
                          
                                                                            
       one percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of our     
  •    common stock as of the last day of the immediately                   
       preceding fiscal year; or                                            
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    such other amount as our board of directors may determine.  
                                                                   
Plan Administration Our board of directors, or a committee appointed by our
board of directors, will administer our ESPP, and have full but non-
exclusive authority to interpret the terms of our ESPP and determine
eligibility to participate, subject to the conditions of our ESPP, as
described below. We expect our compensation committee to administer our
ESPP. The administrator has full and exclusive discretionary authority to
construe, interpret, and apply the terms of the ESPP, to delegate
ministerial duties to any of our employees, to designate separate offerings
under the ESPP, to designate our subsidiaries and affiliates as
participating in the ESPP, to determine eligibility, to adjudicate all
disputed claims filed under the ESPP, and to establish procedures that it
deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the ESPP, including,
but not limited to, adopting such procedures, sub-plans, and appendices to
the ESPP enrollment agreement as are necessary or appropriate to permit
participation in the ESPP by employees who are foreign nationals or employed
outside the U.S. The administrator’s findings, decisions, and determinations
are final and binding on all participants to the full extent permitted by
law. Eligibility Generally, all of our employees are eligible to participate
if they are customarily employed by us, or any participating subsidiary, and
unless determined otherwise by the administrator, in its 160

discretion, prior to an enrollment date for all options granted on such
enrollment date in an offering, (i) have completed at least two years of
service (or a lesser period of time determined by the administrator) since
his or her last hire date, (ii) customarily work more than 20 hours per week
(or a lesser period of time determined by the administrator), (iii)
customarily work more than five months per calendar year (or a lesser period
of time determined by the administrator), (iv) are not a highly compensated
employee within the meaning of Section 414(q) of the Code, and (v) are not a
highly compensated employee within the meaning of Section 414(q) of the Code
with compensation above a certain level or is an officer or subject to
disclosure requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. However, an
employee may not be granted rights to purchase shares of our Class A common
stock under our ESPP if such employee:
                                                                            
       immediately after the grant would own capital stock possessing 5%    
  •    or more of the total combined voting power or value of               
       all classes of our capital stock; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       hold rights to purchase shares of our Class A common stock under     
  •    all of our employee stock purchase plans that                        
       accrue at a rate that exceeds $25,000 worth of shares of our Class   
       A common stock for each calendar year.                               
                                                                            
Offering Periods Our ESPP includes a component that allows us to make
offerings intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Code and a component
that allows us to make offerings not intended to qualify under Section 423
of the Code to designated companies, as described in our ESPP. Our ESPP will
provide for consecutive, overlapping 24-month offering periods. The offering
periods will be scheduled to start on the first trading day on or after May
20 and November 20 of each year, except the first offering period will
commence on the first trading day on or after the effective date of the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and will end on
the first trading day on or before November 20, 2023, and the second
offering period will commence on the first trading day on or after November
20, 2021. Each offering period will include purchase periods, which, unless
the administrator provides otherwise, will (i) commence on the first trading
day on or after May 20 and November 20 and (ii) terminate on the last
trading day on or before November 20 of the same year and May 20 of the
following year, respectively, except that the first purchase period under
our ESPP will commence on the first trading day on or after the effective
date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and
will end on the last trading day on or before November 20, 2021.
Contributions Our ESPP permits participants to purchase shares of our Class
A common stock through contributions (in the form of payroll deductions or
otherwise to the extent permitted by the administrator) of up to 15% of
their eligible compensation. A participant may purchase a maximum of 590
shares of our Class A common stock during a purchase period. Exercise of
Purchase Right Amounts contributed and accumulated by the participant will
be used to purchase shares of our Class A common stock at the end of each
6-month purchase period. The purchase price of the shares will be 15% of the
lower of the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the first
trading day of the offering period or on the exercise date. If the fair
market value of our Class A common stock on the exercise date is less than
the fair market value on the first trading day of the offering period,
participants will be automatically withdrawn from such offering period
immediately following their purchase of shares of our Class A common stock
on the exercise date and will be automatically re- 161

enrolled in the next offering period. Participants may end their
participation at any time during an offering period and will be paid their
accrued contributions that have not yet been used to
purchase shares of our Class A common stock. Participation ends
automatically upon termination of employment with us.

Non-Transferability

A participant may not transfer rights granted under our ESPP (other than by
will, the laws of descent and distribution, or as
otherwise provided under our ESPP).

Merger or Change in Control

Our ESPP provides that in the event of a merger or change in control, as
defined under our ESPP, a successor corporation may assume or
substitute each outstanding purchase right. If the successor corporation
refuses to assume or substitute for the outstanding purchase right, the
offering period then in progress will be shortened, and a new exercise date
will be set that will be
before the date of the proposed merger or change in control. The
administrator will notify each participant that the exercise date has been
changed and that the participant’s option will be exercised automatically on
the new exercise date
unless prior to such date the participant has withdrawn from the offering
period.

Amendment; Termination

The administrator has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our
ESPP, except that, subject to certain exceptions described in our
ESPP, no such action may adversely affect any outstanding rights to purchase
shares of our Class A common stock under our ESPP. Our ESPP automatically
will terminate in 2039, unless we terminate it sooner.

Executive Incentive Compensation Plan

Our board of directors has adopted an Executive Incentive Compensation Plan
(the Bonus Plan). The Bonus Plan will be administered by a
committee appointed by our board of directors. Unless and until our board of
directors determines otherwise, our compensation committee will be the
administrator of the Bonus Plan. The Bonus Plan will allow our compensation
committee to provide
incentive awards to selected employees, including our named executive
officers, determined by our compensation committee, based upon performance
goals established by our compensation committee. Our compensation committee,
in its sole discretion, may
establish target awards for participants under the Bonus Plan.

Under the Bonus Plan, our compensation committee will determine the
performance goals applicable to awards, which goals may include, without
limitation: attainment of research and development milestones, sales goals,
business divestitures and acquisitions, cash flow, including but not limited
to unlevered free cash
flow, cash position, earnings (which may include any calculation of
earnings, including but not limited to earnings before interest and taxes,
earnings before taxes, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, and net earnings),
earnings per share, net income, net profit, net sales, operating cash flow,
operating expenses, operating income, operating margin, overhead or other
expense reduction, product defect measures, product release timelines,
productivity, profit, return
on assets, return on capital, return on equity, return on investment, return
on sales, revenue, revenue growth, sales results, sales growth, stock price,
time to market, total stockholder return, working capital, individual
objectives such as peer
reviews or other subjective or objective criteria, and attainment of
specified performance goals. As determined by our compensation committee,
the performance goals may be based on GAAP or non-GAAP results and
any actual results may be adjusted by our compensation committee for one-
time items or unbudgeted or unexpected

162

items when determining whether the performance goals have been met. The
goals may be on the basis of any factors our compensation committee
determines relevant, and may be on an individual,
divisional, business unit, segment, or company-wide basis. Any criteria used
may be measured on such basis as our compensation committee determines. The
performance goals may differ from participant to participant and from award
to award.

Our compensation committee may, in its sole discretion and at any time,
increase, reduce, or eliminate a participant’s actual
award, or increase, reduce, or eliminate the amount allocated to the bonus
pool. The actual award may be below, at, or above a participant’s target
award, in our compensation committee’s discretion. Our compensation
committee may determine
the amount of any reduction on the basis of such factors as it deems
relevant, and it will not be required to establish any allocation or
weighting with respect to the factors it considers.

Unless otherwise determined by our compensation committee, to earn an actual
award, a participant must be employed by us (or an
affiliate of us, as applicable) through the date the bonus is paid. Payment
of bonuses occurs as soon as administratively practicable after the end of
the applicable performance period, but no later than the dates set forth in
the Bonus Plan.

All awards under our Bonus Plan will be subject to reduction, cancellation,
forfeiture, or recoupment in accordance with any clawback
policy that we (or any parent or subsidiary of ours) are required to adopt
pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or
association on which our securities are listed or as is otherwise required
by the Dodd-Frank Act or
other applicable laws. In addition, our compensation committee may impose
such other clawback, recovery, or recoupment provisions with respect to an
award under the Bonus Plan as it determines necessary or appropriate,
including without limitation a
reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired cash, stock, or other
property provided with respect to an award. Recovery of compensation under a
clawback policy generally will not give the participant the right to resign
for “good
reason” or “constructive termination” (or similar term) under any agreement
with us or any parent or subsidiary of ours. Additionally, our compensation
committee may specify when providing for an award under the Bonus Plan that
the
participant’s rights, payments, and benefits with respect to the award will
be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the
occurrence of specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable
vesting or performance
conditions of the award.

Our board of directors or our compensation committee will have the authority
to amend or terminate the
Bonus Plan provided such action does not alter or impair the existing rights
of any participant with respect to any earned bonus without the
participant’s consent. The Bonus Plan will remain in effect until terminated
in accordance with the
terms of the Bonus Plan.

401(k) Plan

We maintain a tax-qualified retirement plan that provides eligible U.S.
employees with an
opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis (the 401(k)
Plan). Plan participants are able to defer eligible compensation on a pre-
tax or after tax
(Roth) basis, subject to applicable annual Code limits. The 401(k) plan is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code with the 401(k)
plan’s related trust intended to be tax exempt under Section 501(a) of the
Code. As a
tax-qualified retirement plan, pre-tax contributions to the 401(k) plan and
earnings on those contributions are not taxable to the employees until
distributed from the
401(k) plan, and earnings on Roth contributions are not taxable when
distributed from the 401(k) plan.

163

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS In addition to the
compensation arrangements, including employment, termination of employment
and change in control arrangements, discussed in the sections titled
“Management” and “Executive Compensation,” the following is a description of
each transaction since January 1, 2018 and each currently proposed
transaction in which:
                                                 
  •    we have been or are to be a participant;  
                                                 
                                                              
  •    the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000; and  
                                                              
                                                                            
       any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5%  
       of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate                   
  •    family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of       
       these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or          
       indirect material interest.                                          
                                                                            
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Financing In August 2018, we sold
109,090,908 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock to KKR Denali
Holdings L.P. (KKR Denali) for an aggregate purchase price of
$399,999,996.00. KKR Denali currently holds more than 5% of our outstanding
Class A common stock. Mr. Oberwager, a member of our board of directors, is
a Managing Director of KKR and Cathy Sun, a former member of our board of
directors, was previously affiliated with KKR as a Director of KKR. Herald
Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of
directors, was affiliated with KKR at the time of this transaction and is a
limited partner in KKR Denali as well as other entities affiliated with KKR.
Investors’ Rights Agreement We are party to our IRA, pursuant to which
certain holders of our capital stock, including KKR Denali, Adam Foroughi
and an entity affiliated with Mr. Foroughi, have the right to demand that we
file a registration statement or request that their shares of our capital
stock be covered by a registration statement that we are otherwise filing,
which rights were exercised in connection with this offering. See the
section titled “Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights” for
additional information. Mr. Oberwager, a member of our board of directors,
is affiliated with KKR. Mr. Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer
and a member of our board of directors, and Ms. Sun, a former member of our
board of directors, were previously affiliated with KKR. Mr. Chen is a
limited partner in KKR Denali. Adam Foroughi, our CEO and Chairperson, and
an entity affiliated with him are parties to our IRA. Right of First Refusal
Pursuant to our equity compensation plans and certain agreements with our
stockholders, including a right of first refusal and co-sale agreement,dated
August 15, 2018, with certain holders of our capital stock, we or our
assignees have a right to purchase shares of our capital stock which
stockholders propose to sell to other parties. This right terminated upon
the completion of our initial public offering. KKR Denali is party to the
right of first refusal and co-sale agreement.Mr. Oberwager, a member of our
board of directors, is affiliated with KKR. Mr. Chen, our President and
Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors, and Ms. Sun,
a former member of our board of directors, were previously affiliated with
KKR. Mr. Chen is a limited partner in KKR Denali. Mr. Foroughi, our Chief
Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors, and an entity
affiliated with him are parties to the right of first refusal and co-sale
agreement. Prior Voting Agreement We were a party to a voting agreement,
dated November 12, 2019 (the Prior Voting Agreement) under which certain
holders of our capital stock agreed to vote their shares of our capital
stock on 164

certain matters, including with respect to the election of directors. The
Prior Voting Agreement terminated upon the completion of our initial public
offering. Mr. Oberwager, a member of our board of directors, is affiliated
with KKR and Mr. Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer and a
member of our board of directors, and Ms. Sun, a former member of our board
of directors, were previously affiliated with KKR. Mr. Chen is a limited
partner in KKR Denali. Mr. Foroughi, our CEO and Chairperson, and an entity
affiliated with him are parties to the Prior Voting Agreement. Pursuant to
the terms of the Prior Voting Agreement, we have entered into an agreement
with KKR Denali in which we have agreed to use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause one person designated by KKR Denali to serve on and be
elected to the board of directors. See “Description of Capital
Stock—Director Nominations Agreement.” Credit Facility In August 2018, we
entered into a credit agreement, which provided for term loans in an
aggregate principal amount of $820.0 million and a revolving credit facility
of $50.0 million. The credit agreement was amended to increase the principal
amount of the term loan by an aggregate amount of $400.0 million on April
23, 2019 and amended again on April 27, 2020, May 6, 2020 and October 27,
2020. The credit agreement was further amended on February 12, 2021 to
increase the senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to an
aggregate principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an additional $10.0
million in aggregate principal amount of revolving commitments, increasing
the total revolving commitments to $600.0 million, and to reduce the
interest rate on the incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have
the same interest rate as all other term loans. In October 2021, we further
amended the credit agreement whereby certain additional lenders agreed to
provide incremental loans in an aggregate amount of $1.5 billion. KKR
Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR, acted as joint lead arranger and
joint bookrunner for the credit agreement. In 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021, we
paid $6.5 million, $2.0 million, $1.5 million, and $2.2 million,
respectively, in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC in connection with the
credit agreement. KKR Corporate Lending (CA) LLC, an affiliate of KKR, has
provided revolving credit commitments in the amount of $15.0 million under
our revolving credit facility. See the section titled “Description of
Certain Indebtedness” for additional information. Promissory Notes Former
Promissory Notes with Executive Officers The following table sets forth a
summary of promissory notes that we have entered into with certain of our
executive officers, in consideration of our advancing amounts to allow them
to early exercise their stock options. On August 7, 2020, we amended the
promissory notes with Herald Chen, Katie Jansen, and Basil Shikin to lower
the interest rate on the outstanding balance of such notes to the applicable
IRS annual mid-term rate of 0.41%. These promissory notes previously had an
interest rate of 2.59% (except with respect to our promissory note with
Herald Chen, which had an interest rate of 1.59%). Each of Messrs. Chen and
Shikin and Mses. Jansen and Valenzuela repaid their notes in February 2021.
                                                                            
  Borrower            Date           Principal Amount    Interest Rate (%)  
                                                  ($)                       
  Herald Chen         11/22/2019           12,120,000                 0.41  
  Katie Jansen        3/8/2019                503,000                 0.41  
                      3/8/2019                673,600                 0.41  
                      11/23/2020            1,464,000                 0.39  
  Basil Shikin        3/8/2019                505,200                 0.41  
                      3/8/2019                503,000                 0.41  
  Victoria            7/6/2020              4,863,343                 0.45  
  Valenzuela                                                                
                                                                            
165

Promissory Note with Related Party Additionally, on March 8, 2019, we
entered into a promissory note with Rafael Vivas, the brother of Eduardo
Vivas, a member of our board of directors, for the same purpose as the
promissory notes described above, which was also amended on August 7, 2020
to lower the interest rate on the outstanding balance of such note to the
applicable IRS annual mid-term rate of 0.41%. This note previously had an
interest rate of 2.59%. The note has a principal amount of $2,273,400 and
remains outstanding. Promissory Notes as Payment for Repurchases of Class A
Common Stock The following table sets forth a summary of promissory notes
that we have entered into with certain of our directors and executive
officers as payment for our repurchase of Class A common stock from the
applicable directors and executive officers pursuant to certain stock
repurchase agreements.
                                                                            
                                                                 Number of  
                                  Principal        Interest    Repurchased  
  Seller         Date            Amount ($)        Rate (%)        Class A  
                                                                    Common  
                                                                     Stock  
  Eduardo        12/19/2019       1,212,000            2.00        300,000  
  Vivas                                                                     
  Adam           12/20/2019       9,999,000            2.00      2,475,000  
  Foroughi                                                                  
                                                                            
Relationship with KKR We have utilized and may continue to utilize KKR
and/or its affiliates, including a team of operating professionals who work
exclusively with KKR’s investment professionals and portfolio company
management teams, and paid to KKR fees and expenses of $0.7 million in 2018.
Compensation to Related Party The Chairperson and former President of our
subsidiary, Lion Studios, LLC, Rafael Vivas, is the brother of Eduardo
Vivas, a member of our board of directors. Rafael Vivas received annual
salary and other cash compensation of $375,000, $500,000, and $266,667 in
2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively, and received a cash bonus of $25,000 in
2020. He also receives benefits consistent with other employees serving in
similar roles. In addition, we granted Rafael Vivas a stock option to
purchase 810,000 shares of our Class A common stock at a purchase price of
$2.806667 per share during the year ended December 31, 2018 and a stock
option to purchase 600,000 shares of our Class A common stock at an exercise
price of $5.05 per share during the year ended December 31, 2019. Directed
Share Program At our request, the underwriters in connection with our
initial public offering reserved up to 5% of the shares offered for sale at
the initial public offering price through a directed share program available
to directors, officers, certain employees, and their friends and family
members, as well as certain of our partners and clients. Ms. Georgiadis
purchased 3,600 shares and the spouse of Mr. Billings purchased 202 shares
through the directed share program. Executive Compensation We have granted
stock options to our executive officers. See the sections titled “Executive
Compensation—Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Year-End”for a description of
these stock options. Exchange Agreements In connection with our initial
public offering, we entered into exchange agreements with the Class B
Stockholders and certain related entities, pursuant to which immediately
following the 166

effectiveness of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
which occurred immediately prior to the completion of our initial public
offering, all outstanding shares of our Class A common stock beneficially
owned by the Class B Stockholders (after giving effect to the conversion of
our capital stock into Class A common stock in connection with such
offering) and certain related entities were automatically exchanged for an
equivalent number of shares of our Class B common stock. In addition,
pursuant to an Equity Award Exchange Agreement entered into between us and
Herald Chen, Mr. Chen has a right (but not an obligation), to require us to
exchange any shares of Class A common stock received upon the exercise of
options to purchase shares of Class A common stock for an equivalent number
of shares of Class B common stock. This Equity Award Exchange applies only
to equity awards granted to Mr. Chen prior to the effectiveness of the
filing of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in
connection with our initial public offering. There are 2,360,400 shares of
our Class A common stock subject to options held by Mr. Chen that may be
exchanged, upon exercise, for an equivalent number of shares of our Class B
common stock. Other Transactions In February 2021, we repurchased 153,541
and 60,968 shares from Mr. Chen and Ms. Valenzuela for aggregate purchase
prices of $12.3 million and $4.9 million, respectively. Cookie Monster
Capital, LLC (Cookie Monster) is a mobile game developer owned by Eduardo
Vivas, a member of our board of directors. We published an App developed by
Cookie Monster under a game assignment and revenue share agreement entered
in October 2020. In 2021, we have made payments to Cookie Monster in the
amount of $0.7 million. KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR, acted
as an underwriter in connection with our initial public offering in April
2021 and received approximately $5.9 million in underwriting discounts and
commissions in connection with such role. We have engaged KKR Capital
Markets LLC as an independent financial advisor as defined under FINRA Rule
5110(j)(9) in connection with this offering. See “Underwriters.” Other than
as described above under this section titled “Certain Relationships and
Related Party Transactions,” since January 1, 2018, we have not entered into
any transactions, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, between
us and a related party where the amount involved exceeds, or would exceed,
$120,000, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of
Officers and Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
contains provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary
damages to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation
Law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable to us or our
stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as
directors, except liability for the following:
                                                                            
  •    any breach of their duty of loyalty to our company or our            
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional   
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or      
  •    redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the                        
       Delaware General Corporation Law; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any transaction from which they derived an improper personal         
       benefit.                                                             
                                                                            
Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or
reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission or
claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the
Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further
limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the
personal liability of our directors will be further limited to the greatest
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. 167

In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify,
to the
fullest extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of
the fact that they are or were one of our directors or officers or is or was
serving at our request
as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that we
may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person who is or
was a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of
the fact that they are or were one of our employees or agents or is or was
serving at our request as an employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws also
provide that we must advance expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director
or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding,
subject to limited
exceptions.

Further, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
directors and executive officers that may be
broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained in the
Delaware General Corporation Law. These indemnification agreements require
us, among other things, to indemnify our directors and executive officers
against liabilities that may
arise by reason of their status or service. These indemnification agreements
also require us to advance all expenses incurred by the directors and
executive officers in investigating or defending any such action, suit or
proceeding. We believe that
these agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified individuals
to serve as directors and executive officers.

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions included in our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated
bylaws and in indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our
directors and executive
officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our
directors and executive officers for breach of their fiduciary duties. They
may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our
directors and executive
officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other
stockholders. Further, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against
directors and
executive officers as required by these indemnification provisions. At
present, we are not aware of any pending litigation or proceeding involving
any person who is or was one of our directors, officers, employees or other
agents or is or was
serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, for
which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened
litigation that may result in
claims for indemnification.

We have obtained insurance policies under which, subject to the limitations
of the policies, coverage
is provided to our directors and executive officers against loss arising
from claims made by reason of breach of fiduciary duty or other wrongful
acts as a director or executive officer, including claims relating to public
securities matters, and to
us with respect to payments that may be made by us to these directors and
executive officers pursuant to our indemnification obligations or otherwise
as a matter of law.

Certain of our non-employee directors may, through their relationships with
their employers, be
insured or indemnified against certain liabilities incurred in their
capacity as members of our board of directors.

The
underwriting agreement will provide for indemnification by the underwriters
of us and our officers and directors for certain liabilities arising under
the Securities Act or otherwise.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
may be permitted to directors, officers or persons
controlling our company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been
informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore
unenforceable.

168

Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions

Our audit committee has the primary responsibility for reviewing and
approving or disapproving “related party transactions,”
which are transactions between us and related persons in which the aggregate
amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed $120,000 and in which a
related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Our
policy regarding
transactions between us and related persons provides that a related person
is defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for director or greater
than 5% beneficial owner of any class of our voting securities, in each case
since the beginning
of the most recently completed year, and any of their immediate family
members. Our audit committee charter provides that our audit committee shall
review and approve or disapprove any related party transactions.

169

PRINCIPAL AND SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth certain
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our capital stock as
of September 30, 2021, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our Class A
common stock offered by the selling stockholders in this offering and
related transactions assuming no exercise and full exercise of the
underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares, for:
                                              
  •    each of our named executive officers;  
                                              
                               
  •    each of our directors;  
                               
                                                                        
  •    all of our current directors and executive officers as a group;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5%   
  •    of the outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B                 
       common stock; and                                                    
                                                                            
                                  
  •    each selling stockholder.  
                                  
We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the
SEC, and thus it represents sole or shared voting or investment power with
respect to our securities. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our
knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and
sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially
owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. The information
does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other purpose,
including for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Securities Act. We
have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership prior
to this offering on 225,833,512 shares of our Class A common stock
outstanding, 147,807,622 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding, and
no shares of our Class C common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021.
Substantially concurrently with the completion of this offering, KKR Denali
will voluntarily convert an additional number of shares of our Class B
common stock that it holds into an equivalent number of shares of Class A
common stock such that, after giving effect to this offering and such
voluntary conversion, the shares of Class A common stock and Class B common
stock held by KKR Denali will provide it with 45.0% of the voting power of
our outstanding capital stock. We have based our calculation of the
percentage of beneficial ownership and voting power after this offering on
the foregoing numbers of shares after adjusting for sales by the selling
stockholders in this offering and the KKR Denali Stock Conversion, resulting
in a total of 294,978,513 shares of our Class A common stock and 78,662,622
shares of our Class B common stock, assuming no exercise or full exercise by
the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares from KKR
Denali. We have deemed shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common
stock (after giving effect to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement) subject
to stock options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60
days of September 30, 2021 or issuable pursuant to RSUs which are subject to
vesting and settlement conditions expected to occur within 60 days of
September 30, 2021 to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the
person holding the stock option or RSU for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of that person. We did not deem these shares
outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. 170

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in
the table below is c/o AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto,
California 94304.
                                                                            
                                              %                          %  
                                              …        …                 …  
                                              …        …                 …  
                                              …        …                 …  
                                              …        …                 …  
                                              …        …                 …  
                                              …        …                 …  
                                              …        …                 …  
                                              …        …                 …  
                                              …                          …  
                                              …                          …  
                                     …        …                             
                                     A        B                             
                                     …        …                             
                                                                            
                                     …        …        —        …        …  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     …        …        …        …        …  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     —        —        —        —        —  
                                     —        —        —        —        —  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     —        *        …        —        —  
                                     …        …        …        …        …  
                                     …        …        …        …        …  
                                                                            
                                     …        …        …        …        …  
                                     —        …        …        —        …  
                                     —        …        …        —        …  
                                     —        …        …        —        …  
                                     —        …        …        —        …  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                                                            
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                     —        *        …        —        *  
                                                                            
171
                                                                       
  *  Represents beneficial ownership or voting power of less than 1%.  
                                                                       
                                                                            
       Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (collectively, with certain   
       affiliates, the Class B                                              
       Stockholders), have entered into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to   
       which two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which    
  (1)  must be Mr. Foroughi) have the authority to direct the vote of all   
       shares of Class B common                                             
       stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective          
       permitted entities and permitted transferees on all matters to be    
       voted upon by stockholders.                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 1,180,000 shares of Class A common stock held by     
       Ms. Jansen, (ii) 6,086 shares of                                     
       Class A common stock held by The Jansen Family Trust, for which Ms.  
  (2)  Jansen serves as trustee, and (iii) 75,000 shares of Class A common  
       stock subject to stock options held by Ms. Jansen that are           
       exercisable within 60 days of                                        
       September 30, 2021.                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 2,320,535 shares of Class A common stock held by     
       Mr. Shikin and (ii) 247,899 shares of                                
       Class A common stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Shikin     
  (3)  that are exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2021.           
       Subsequent to September 30, 2021, Mr. Shikin sold 233,500 shares of  
       Class A common stock, which                                          
       is not reflected in the table above.                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 591,532 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.   
       Valenzuela and (ii) 187,500 shares of                                
  (4)  Class A common stock subject to stock options held by Ms.            
       Valenzuela that are exercisable within 60 days of September 30,      
       2021.                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 7,400 shares of Class A common stock held by The     
       CSB 2012 Living Trust, for which                                     
       Mr. Billings serves as trustee, (ii) 5,550 shares of Class A common  
       stock held by The CMB 2016 Trust, for which Mr. Billings’ spouse     
  (5)  serves as trustee, (iii) 202 shares of Class A common stock held by  
       Mr. Billings’                                                        
       spouse, and (iv) 21,000 shares of Class A common stock subject to    
       stock options held by Mr. Billings that are exercisable within 60    
       days of September 30, 2021.                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 50,000 shares of Class A common stock held by The    
       Chen Family 2012 Irrevocable Trust, Herald Y.                        
       & Mei K. Chen as Trustees (The Chen Family Trust), for which Mr.     
       Chen and his spouse serve as trustees, (ii) 1,986,059 shares of      
       Class B common stock held by Mr. Chen, (ii) 300,000 shares of Class  
       B common stock held by The                                           
       Chen Family Trust, and (iii) 2,360,400 shares of Class B common      
       stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Chen that are             
  (6)  exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2021 (after giving       
       effect to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement).                      
       The Class B Stockholders have entered into the Voting Agreement,     
       pursuant to which two of the three Class B Stockholders (one of      
       which must be Mr. Foroughi) have the authority to direct the vote    
       and vote the shares of all Class B                                   
       common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective   
       permitted entities and permitted transferees on all matters to be    
       voted upon by stockholders.                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 24,600 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.    
  (7)  Georgiadis and (ii) 185,000 shares of                                
       Class A common stock held by Blue Sage Partners, LLC, for which Ms.  
       Georgiadis and her spouse share voting and dispositive power.        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Subsequent to September 30, 2021, Ms. Harvey Dawson received a       
       grant of an RSU, of which 282 shares of                              
  (8)  Class A common stock subject to such RSU are scheduled to vest       
       within 60 days of September 30, 2021. This award is not reflected    
       in the table above.                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 492 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.       
  (9)  Sharma and (ii) 492 shares of Class A                                
       common stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of     
       September 30, 2021.                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Consists of (i) 15,254,098 shares of Class A common stock and       
        30,222,966 shares of Class B common stock held                      
        by our executive officers and directors, (ii) 531,399 shares of     
        Class A common stock and 2,360,400 shares of Class B common stock   
  (10)  subject to stock options held by our executive officers and         
        directors that are exercisable within 60 days of                    
        September 30, 2021 (after giving effect to the Equity Award         
        Exchange Agreement), and (iii) 492 shares of Class A common stock   
        subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of September 30,   
        2021.                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Consists of (i) 50,000 shares of Class A common stock held by the   
        Class B Stockholders, (ii) 147,807,622                              
  (11)  shares of Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholders,    
        and (iii) 2,360,400 shares of Class B common stock subject to       
        stock options exercisable within 60 days of September 30, 2021 by   
        the Class B Stockholders.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Consists of 108,050,489 shares of Class B common stock directly     
        owned by KKR Denali. Each of KKR Denali Holdings                    
        GP LLC (as the general partner of KKR Denali); KKR Americas Fund    
        XII L.P. (as the managing member of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC);    
        KKR Associates Americas XII L.P. (as the general partner of KKR     
        Americas Fund XII L.P.); KKR Americas XII Limited (as               
        general partner of KKR Associates Americas XII L.P.); KKR Group     
        Partnership L.P. (as sole member of KKR Americas XII Limited); KKR  
        Group Holdings Corp. (as the general partner of KKR Group           
        Partnership L.P.); KKR & Co. Inc. (as the sole                      
        shareholder of KKR Group Holdings Corp.); KKR Management LLP (as    
        the Series I preferred stockholder of KKR & Co. Inc.); and Messrs.  
        Henry R. Kravis and George R. Roberts (as the founding partners of  
        KKR Management LLP) may also be deemed to                           
        be the beneficial owners having shared voting power and shared      
  (12)  investment power over the securities described in this footnote.    
        Beneficial ownership amounts after this offering also reflect       
        shares of Class B common stock converted to Class A common          
        stock in the KKR Denali Stock Conversion. The Class B Stockholders  
        have entered into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to which two of    
        Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr.    
        Foroughi) have the authority to                                     
        direct the vote and vote the shares of all Class B common stock     
        held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective permitted     
        entities and permitted transferees on all matters to be voted upon  
        by stockholders. The principal business                             
        address of each of the entities and persons identified in this      
        footnote, except Mr. Roberts, is c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.  
        L.P., 30 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. The principal      
        business address for Mr. Roberts is                                 
        c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., 2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite  
        200, Menlo Park, CA 94025.                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Consists of 26,167,242 shares of Class A common stock directly      
        owned by Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership. The                   
        general partner of Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership is Hontai    
  (13)  Capital Cayman Inc. and the controlling stockholder of Hontai       
        Capital Cayman Inc. is Yunjoy Capital Cayman Inc. Each of Hontai    
        App Fund Limited Partnership, Hontai Capital Cayman Inc.            
        and Yunjoy Capital Cayman Inc. may be deemed to have voting or      
        dispositive power with respect to the shares                        
                                                                            
172
                                                     
  and the address for each is c/o Maricorp Services  
  Ltd., P.O. Box 2075, #31 The Strand, 46 Canal      
  Point Drive, Grand Cayman KY1-1105, Cayman         
  Islands.                                           
                                                     
                                                                            
        Consists of 26,021,583 shares of Class A common stock held by       
        Angel Pride Holdings Limited, or Angel Pride. Tang                  
  (14)  Ling is the shareholder and sole director of Angel Pride. From      
        September 30, 2021 through November 22, 2021, Angel Pride has sold  
        658,808 shares of Class A common stock, which is not reflected in   
        the table above.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Subsequent to September 30, 2021, Mr. Krystynak sold 613,830        
  (15)  shares of Class A common stock, which is not reflected in           
        the table above.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Subsequent to September 30, 2021, Mr. Karam sold 688,552 shares of  
  (16)  Class A common stock, which is not reflected in the                 
        table above.                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Consists of (i) 150,000 shares of Class A common stock held by      
        Nimble Partners Fund I, LP (NP Fund I), (ii)                        
        665,271 shares of Class A common stock held by Nimble Partners      
        Opportunities, L.P.—Series 1 (NP Opp Series 1), (iii) 684,729       
        shares of Class A common stock held by Nimble Partners              
        Opportunities, L.P.—Series 2 (NP Opp Series 2                       
        and, together with NP Fund I and NP Opp Series 1, the NP Funds),    
        and (iv) 9,980,000 shares of Class A common stock held by Nimble    
  (17)  Ventures, LLC. The investment manager for the NP Funds is Nimble    
        Partners, LLC. Mr. John H. Burbank III                              
        has sole voting and investment power over Nimble Ventures, LLC.     
        The members of the investment committee of Nimble Partners, LLC,    
        are Mr. Burbank, Ken Wallace, Seth Spalding and Julie Kim, each of  
        whom disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares                    
        held by the NP Funds except to the extent of any pecuniary          
        interest therein. The address for each of these persons and         
        entities is 1 Letterman Drive, Building A, Suite 4900, San          
        Francisco, CA 94129.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Justin Holland is the trustee of the Arutyunyan Family Trust U/A/D  
  (18)  12/1/20 and has sole voting and dispositive power                   
        with respect to these shares.                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
        James Knall is the trustee of La Familia V Trust U/A/D 10/30/20     
  (19)  and has sole voting and dispositive power with respect              
        to these shares.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
        James Knall is the trustee of Vivas Family Trust U/A/D 10/26/2020   
  (20)  and has sole voting and dispositive power with                      
        respect to these shares.                                            
                                                                            
173

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK General The following description summarizes
certain important terms of our capital stock, as set forth in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws.
Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that
may be important to you. For a complete description of the matters set forth
in this section titled “Description of Capital Stock,” you should refer to
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated
bylaws, and IRA, which are included as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part, and to the applicable
provisions of Delaware law. Our authorized capital stock consists of
1,950,000,000 shares of capital stock, $0.00003 par value per share, of
which:
                                                                     
  •    1,500,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common stock;  
                                                                     
                                                                   
  •    200,000,000 shares are designated as Class B common stock;  
                                                                   
                                                                       
  •    150,000,000 shares are designated as Class C common stock; and  
                                                                       
                                                              
  •    100,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock.  
                                                              
As of September 30, 2021, there were 225,833,512 shares of our Class A
common stock outstanding, held by 72 stockholders of record, 147,807,622
shares of our Class B common stock outstanding, held by 10 stockholders of
record, no shares of our Class C common stock outstanding, and no shares of
our preferred stock outstanding. Pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority,
without stockholder approval except as required by the Nasdaq listing
standards, to issue additional shares of our Class A common stock and Class
C common stock. Until the Final Conversion Date, any issuance of additional
shares of Class B common stock, other than pursuant to agreements
outstanding as of the date of this offering, requires the approval of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Class B common
stock voting as a separate class. Common Stock We have three classes of
authorized common stock, Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and
Class C common stock. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock,
Class B common stock, and Class C common stock are identical, except with
respect to voting and conversion. Voting Rights Holders of our Class A
common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders of our Class B common stock are
entitled to 20 votes for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote
of stockholders, and holders of our Class C common stock are not entitled to
vote on any matter that is submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as
otherwise required by law. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class
B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by
law. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, approval
of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class
B common stock voting as a separate class is required to increase the number
of authorized shares of our Class B common stock. In addition, Delaware law
could require either holders of our Class A common stock, our Class B common
stock, or our Class C common stock to vote separately as a single class in
the following circumstances:
                                                                            
       if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of  
  •    incorporation to increase or decrease the par value                  
       of a class of stock, then that class would be required to vote       
       separately to approve the proposed amendment; and                    
                                                                            
174
                                                                            
       if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of  
       incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the                 
  •    powers, preferences or special rights of a class of stock in a       
       manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would    
       be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment.    
                                                                            
Until the Final Conversion Date, approval of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of our Class B common stock voting as a separate class
will be required to amend or modify any provision of the amended and
restated certificate of incorporation inconsistent with, or otherwise alter,
any provision of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to
modify the voting, conversion, or other rights, powers, preferences,
privileges, or restrictions of our Class B common stock. Dividend Rights
Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock
outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock are entitled to
receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors,
in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times
and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. See the
section titled “Dividend Policy” for additional information. No Preemptive
or Similar Rights Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and
is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions If we become subject to a liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up,the assets legally available for distribution to
our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our
common stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time,
subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and
the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if
any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Conversion of Class B
Common Stock Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time
at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. Shares
of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A
common stock upon sale or transfer except for certain transfers described in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, including transfers
for estate planning, transfers among KKR Denali and its affiliates, or other
transfers among the Class B Stockholders. Withdrawal from the Voting
Agreement constitutes a transfer. Each share of Class B common stock will
convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon the date
fixed by our board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more
than 180 days following the date on which (i) the Voting Agreement is
terminated or (ii) Adam Foroughi is no longer involved with us as a member
of our board of directors or as an executive officer. Conversion of Class C
Common Stock After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of
our Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock, all
outstanding shares of Class C common stock will convert automatically into
Class A common stock, on a share-for-share basis, on the date or time
specified by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A
common stock, voting as a separate class. 175

Fully Paid and Non-Assessable

In connection with this offering, our legal counsel will opine that the
shares of our Class A common stock to be issued in this offering
will be fully paid and non-assessable.

Preferred Stock

No shares of our preferred stock are outstanding. Pursuant to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of
directors has the authority, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware
law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time
to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the
designation, powers,
preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its
qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without further
vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase
or decrease the number of
shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares
of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by our
stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred
stock with voting or
conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other
rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock,
while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and
other corporate purposes,
could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change in control of our company and might adversely affect the
market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the
holders of our common stock. We
have no current plan to issue any shares of preferred stock.

Options

As of September 30, 2021, we had outstanding options to purchase an
aggregate of 16,689,042 shares of our Class A common stock, with
a weighted-average exercise price of approximately $6.55 per share, which
includes outstanding options of held by the Mr. Chen subject to the Equity
Award Exchange. There are 2,360,400 shares of our Class A common stock
subject to options held
by Mr. Chen that may be exchanged, upon exercise and pursuant to the Equity
Award Exchange, for an equivalent number of shares of our Class B common
stock following this offering.

RSUs

As of September 30, 2021, we had
outstanding restricted stock units covering an aggregate of 7,222,536 shares
of our Class A common stock.

Warrant

As of September 30, 2021, we had outstanding a warrant to purchase 195,000
shares of our Class A common stock, with an exercise
price of approximately $26.67 per share.

Voting Agreement

The Class B Stockholders have entered into the Voting Agreement, which will
cover an aggregate of up to 87.5% of the voting power of our
outstanding capital stock following this offering and related transactions.

The Voting Agreement provides that all shares of
Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective
permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by
two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (the Key Holders) (one of
which
must be Mr. Foroughi). In the event that Mr. Chen or KKR Denali is no longer
party to the Voting Agreement, all shares of Class B common stock subject to
the Voting Agreement will be voted by the mutual decision of

176

the remaining parties, or, if the parties disagree, the shares of Class B
common stock will be voted by each party in their own discretion. If Mr.
Chen is no longer party to the Voting
Agreement, Mr. Foroughi and KKR Denali may, upon mutual agreement, permit a
then-member of management become a party to the Voting Agreement.

The Voting Agreement will terminate upon the earliest of (i) the Final
Conversion Date, (ii) the liquidation, winding up, or
dissolution of the company, (iii) the consent of a majority of the Key
Holders then party to the Voting Agreement (one of which must be Mr.
Foroughi), (iv) the date that Mr. Foroughi is no longer a member of
management or the
board of directors, or (v) the date that Mr. Foroughi withdraws from the
Voting Agreement.

Director Nominations Agreement

We have entered into the Director Nominations Agreement with KKR Denali. The
Director Nominations Agreement grants KKR Denali the right
to nominate to our board of directors one designee as long as KKR Denali and
its affiliates collectively beneficially own at least 25% of the shares of
the Class B common stock that KKR Denali held immediately prior to our
initial public
offering. In addition, in the event a vacancy on the board of directors is
created by the death, disability, retirement or resignation of a KKR Denali
director designee, KKR Denali shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
have the right to
have the vacancy filled by a new KKR Denali director-designee.

Further, for so long as KKR Denali and its affiliates hold at least
5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, one of the candidates
selected by the nominating and corporate governance committee for nomination
to our board of directors shall be subject to the approval of KKR Denali
prior to the nomination of
such candidate for election by our stockholders.

Registration Rights

The holders of certain shares of our Class A common stock (including shares
issuable upon conversion of shares of our Class B
common stock and the exercise of certain warrants), or certain transferees,
are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares
under the Securities Act. We refer to such parties as holders in this
subsection. These registration
rights are contained in our IRA and the demand registration rights described
below were exercised in connection with this offering. We and certain
holders of our capital stock are parties to our IRA. The registration rights
set forth in our IRA
shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) with respect to any
particular holder, when such holder is able to sell without any restriction
on volume or manner of sale in any three month period all of its shares
pursuant to Rule 144
under the Securities Act or (ii) upon the consummation of a sale of the
company. We will pay the registration expenses (other than underwriting
discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes) of the holders of
the shares registered
pursuant to the registrations described below, including the reasonable fees
and disbursements of one counsel chosen by the holders of the shares
included in such registrations. In an underwritten offering, the managing
underwriters, if any, have
the right, subject to specified conditions, to limit the number of shares
such holders may include.

Demand Registration Rights

The holders will be entitled to certain demand registration rights. The
holders of shares then registrable under our IRA can request that
we register the offer and sale of any of their shares in an underwritten
offering, if the anticipated aggregate offering price, net of underwriting
discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes, would exceed $50
million. Following
this offering, we will be obligated to effect only one such registration. If
we determine that it would be materially detrimental to our stockholders to
effect such a demand registration, we have the right to defer such
registration, not

177

more than once in any twelve month period, for a period of up to 90 days.
Additionally, we will not be required to effect a demand registration during
the period beginning 60 days prior to our
good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and ending up to 180 days
following the effectiveness of, a registration statement relating to the
public offering of our Class A common stock or if such holders propose to
dispose of shares
that may be immediately registered on Form S-3 as described below.

Piggyback Registration Rights

If we propose to register the offer and sale of our Class A common stock
under the Securities Act, in connection with
the public offering of such Class A common stock the holders will be
entitled to certain “piggyback” registration rights allowing the holders to
include their shares in such registration, subject to certain marketing and
other
limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a registration
statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to (i) a
registration relating to the sale of securities to employees of the company
or a subsidiary pursuant to an
equity incentive, stock option, stock purchase or similar plan, (ii) a
registration related to any employee benefit plan or a corporate
reorganization or other transaction covered by Rule 145 promulgated under
the Securities Act,
(iii) a registration on any registration form which does not include
substantially the same information as would be required to be included in a
registration statement covering the sale of the shares of our Class A common
stock or
(iv) a registration in which the only Class A common stock being registered
is Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of debt securities that are
also being registered, the holders of these shares are entitled to notice of
the
registration and have the right, subject to certain limitations, to include
their shares in the registration.

S-3Registration Rights

The holders will be entitled to certain Form S-3 registration rights. The
holders
of these shares can make a request that we register any of their shares then
registrable under our IRA on Form S-3 if we are qualified to file a
registration statement on Form S-3 and if the reasonably anticipated
aggregate gross proceeds of the shares offered would equal or exceed $10
million. We will not be required to effect a registration on Form S-3 during
the period beginning 30 days prior to our good faith estimate of the date of
the filing of, and ending up to 90 days following the effectiveness of, a
registration statement relating to the public
offering of our Class A common stock. Additionally, we will not be required
to effect more than two registrations on Form S-3 within any 12-month
period; provided, that if at any time we are eligible to file an automatic
shelf registration statement and we do not have an effective automatic shelf
registration statement for the
benefit of KKR Denali, this sentence shall not limit the rights of KKR
Denali to demand the filing of an automatic shelf registration statement.

Anti-Takeover Provisions

Certain provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and our amended and
restated bylaws, which are summarized below, may have the effect of
delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of
us. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire
control of us to negotiate
first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased
protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or
unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal
to acquire us because
negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their
terms.

178

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated
Bylaw Provisions

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and
restated bylaws include a number of provisions
that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of
our board of directors or management team, including the following:

Multi-Class Stock

As
described above in “—Common Stock—Voting Rights,” our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides for a multi-class common stock
structure, as a result of which the Class B Stockholders will collectively
hold
87.5% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following this
offering and related transactions. The Class B Stockholders have entered
into a voting agreement whereby all Class B common stock held by the Class B
Stockholders and
their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted
as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which
must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Class B Stockholders will
collectively be able to
determine or significantly influence any action requiring the approval of
our stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the
adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and
the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other
major corporate transaction.

Separate Class B Vote for Certain Transactions

Until the Final Conversion Date, our Class B common stock will have the
right to vote as a separate class on
amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that
affect the rights of our Class B common stock. See the section titled
“—Common Stock—Voting Rights.”

Board of Directors Vacancies

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws authorize only our board of directors to fill
vacant directorships, including newly created seats. In addition, the number
of directors constituting our board of directors may be set only by a
resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire board of directors.
These provisions would prevent
a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and then
gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies
with its own nominees. This will make it more difficult to change the
composition of our board of
directors and will promote continuity of management.

Stockholder Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that until
the Voting Threshold Date, our stockholders may only take
action by written consent if such action is first recommended or approved by
our board of directors. After the Voting Threshold Date, our stockholders
will not be able to take action by written consent for any matter and will
only be able to take
action at annual or special meetings. As a result, following the Voting
Threshold Date, a holder or holders controlling a majority of our capital
stock would not be able to amend our amended and restated bylaws or remove
directors without holding a
meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our amended and
restated bylaws. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that
special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our
board of directors, the
chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our
President, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting.
These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force
consideration of a proposal or
for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any
action, including the removal of directors.

179

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director
Nominations

Our amended and restated bylaws provide advance notice procedures for
stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of
stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our
annual meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws also specify
certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s
notice. These provisions
might preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual
meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our
annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We
expect that these provisions
may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a
solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or
otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.

No Cumulative Voting

The
Delaware General Corporation Law provides that stockholders are not entitled
to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation’s
certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated
certificate of
incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting.

Amendment of Charter and Bylaws Provisions

Amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation require
the approval of the holders of at least a majority of the
voting power of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class
B common stock. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the approval of
the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the outstanding
shares of our Class A
common stock and Class B common voting together as a single class is
required for stockholders to amend or adopt any provision of our bylaws.

Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock

Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our
stockholders, to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights,
designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence of
authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock would enable our board of
directors to render more
difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a
merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means.

Exclusive Forum

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole
and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on
our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty
owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or our
stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director or
officer of the company arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or
determine the
validity of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended
and restated bylaws, or (v) any other action asserting a claim that is
governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court
located within the
State of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court’s having jurisdiction
over indispensable parties named as defendants. Nothing in our amended and
restated bylaws precludes stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange
Act from bringing
such claims in federal court, subject to applicable law Our amended and
restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United
States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint
asserting a course of
action under the Securities Act.

180

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our
securities
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. We note
that stockholders cannot waive compliance (or consent to non-compliance)
with the federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder.

Conflicts of Interest

Delaware law permits corporations to adopt provisions renouncing any
interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented
to the corporation or its directors or stockholders. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, to the maximum extent permitted from
time to time by Delaware law, renounces any interest or expectancy that we
have in, or right to be
offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities
that are from time to time presented to our directors or stockholders or
their respective affiliates, other than those directors who are our
employees. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, none of KKR Denali, any of its affiliates, or any director
who is not employed by us or his or her affiliates will have any duty to
refrain from
(1) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of
business in which we or our affiliates now engage or propose to engage or
(2) otherwise competing with us or our affiliates. In addition, to the
fullest extent
permitted by law, in the event that any of KKR Denali or any of its
affiliates, or any director who is not employed by us or his or her
affiliates acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business
opportunity which may be a corporate
opportunity for itself or himself or its or his affiliates or for us or our
affiliates, such person will have no duty to communicate or offer such
transaction or business opportunity to us or any of our affiliates and they
may take any such
opportunity for themselves or offer it to another person or entity. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not renounce our
interest in any business opportunity that is expressly offered to a non-
employee director solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of us. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, no business opportunity will be deemed to be a potential
corporate opportunity for us unless we would be permitted to legally and
contractually undertake the
opportunity, we have sufficient financial resources to undertake the
opportunity and the opportunity would be in line with our business.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common stock is
Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer
agent and registrar’s address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts
02021.

Limitations of Liability and Indemnification

See the section titled “Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions—Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of
Officers and Directors.”

Listing

Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under
the symbol “APP”.

181

DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS

Credit Agreement

General

On August 15, 2018, we entered into a credit agreement with the lenders
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative
agent for the lenders (the Credit Agreement; as amended, the Amended Credit
Agreement), which provided for $820.0 million of senior secured term loans
(the Closing Term Loans) and a $50.0 million senior secured revolving loan
facility. The
Credit Agreement was amended on April 23, 2019 to increase the senior
secured term loan facility by $400.0 million (the First Amendment Term
Loans) to an aggregate principal amount of $1.22 billion. The Credit
Agreement was further amended
on May 6, 2020 to increase the senior secured term loan facility by $300.0
million (the Third Amendment Term Loans) to an aggregate principal amount of
$1.52 billion. The Credit Agreement was further amended on October 27, 2020
to,
among other things, add an additional $541.7 million in aggregate principal
amount of revolving commitments and reduce the existing revolving
commitments by $1.7 million, increasing the total revolving commitments to
$590.0 million, reduce the
interest rate on the revolving loans, and extend the maturity date of the
revolving loans. As of October 27, 2020, the aggregate principal amount of
the senior term loan facility under the Amended Credit Agreement was $1.52
billion and the
aggregate principal amount of the revolving loan commitments under the
Credit Agreement was $590.0 million. The revolving loan facility has a $50.0
million letter of credit sublimit. The Credit Agreement was further amended
on
February 12, 2021 to, among other things, increase the senior secured term
loan facility by $300.0 million (the Fifth Amendment Term Loans, and
together with the Closing Term Loans, the First Amendment Term Loans and
Third Amendment Term
Loans, the Initial Term Loans) to an aggregate principal amount of $1.82
billion, to add an additional $10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
revolving commitments, increasing the total revolving commitments to $600.0
million
(the Revolving Credit Facility), and to reduce the interest rate on the
Third Amendment Term Loans to have the same interest rate as the Initial
Term Loans. On March 31, 2021, we borrowed an additional $250.0 million
under our revolving credit
facility and in connection with our initial public offering we repaid the
full amount outstanding under this facility. The Credit Agreement was
further amended on October 25, 2021 (the Sixth Amendment) to, among other
things, increase the
senior secured term loan facility by $1.5 billion (the Sixth Amendment Term
Loans, and together with the Initial Term Loans, the Term Loans) to an
aggregate principal amount of $3.32 billion.

As of September 30, 2021, our total outstanding indebtedness under the
Amended Credit Agreement was $1.78 billion, consisting of
outstanding term loans. After giving effect to the Sixth Amendment, our
total outstanding indebtedness under the Amended Credit Agreement was $3.28
billion, consisting of outstanding term loans.

The Amended Credit Agreement provides us with the right to request
additional commitments for new incremental term loans and revolving
loans, in an aggregate principal amount that can be incurred without causing
(x) if such indebtedness is secured by a lien on an equal priority basis
with the liens securing the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement
(1) the
consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after
giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma basis, to exceed 4.50 to 1.00 or (2) if such
indebtedness is incurred
to consummate a permitted acquisition or other permitted investment, the
consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after
giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma
basis, to exceed the greater of (A) 4.50 to 1.00 or (B) the consolidated
first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio immediately prior to
the consummation of such permitted acquisition or other permitted
investment; (y) if such
indebtedness is secured by a lien on a junior priority basis with the liens
securing the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement either (1) (A)
the consolidated senior secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio,

182

after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of
proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to exceed 6.25 to 1.00 or (B) if
such indebtedness is incurred to consummate
a permitted acquisition or other permitted investment, the consolidated
senior secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after giving effect to the
incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro
forma basis, to exceed the
greater of (I) 6.25 to 1.00 or (II) the consolidated senior secured debt to
consolidated EBITDA ratio immediately prior to the consummation of such
permitted acquisition or other permitted investment or (2) either (A) the
fixed charge
coverage ratio after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness
and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to be less than 2.00
to 1.00 or (B) if such indebtedness is incurred to consummate a permitted
acquisition or other
permitted investment, the fixed charge coverage ratio, after giving effect
to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a
pro forma basis, to be less than the lesser of (I) 2.00 to 1.00 or (II) the
fixed charge
coverage ratio immediately prior to the consummation of such permitted
acquisition or other permitted investment; or (z) if such indebtedness is
unsecured either (1) either (A) the consolidated total debt to consolidated
EBITDA ratio,
after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of
proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis to exceed 6.25 to 1.00 or (B) if such
indebtedness is incurred to consummate a permitted acquisition or other
permitted investment,
the consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after giving
effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma basis, to exceed the greater of (I) 6.25 to 1.00 or
(II) the consolidated total
debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio immediately prior to the consummation of
such permitted acquisition or other permitted investment or (2) either (A)
the fixed charge coverage ratio after giving effect to the incurrence of
such indebtedness and
the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to be less than 2.00 to
1.00 or (B) if such indebtedness is incurred to consummate a permitted
acquisition or other permitted investment, the fixed charge coverage ratio,
after giving effect to
the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a
pro forma basis, to be less than the lesser of (I) 2.00 to 1.00 or (II) the
fixed charge coverage ratio immediately prior to the consummation of such
permitted
acquisition or other permitted investment; plus, the sum of (x) the greater
of (i) $180 million and (ii) consolidated EBITDA on a pro forma basis for
the most recently ended period of four fiscal quarters for which
financial statements are available prior to such date of determination and
(y) the aggregate amount of voluntary prepayments of loans. Certain debt
obligations outside of the Amended Credit Agreement are counted against the
availability amount
for incremental loans. Such incremental loans are uncommitted and subject to
certain minimum amount requirements.

The Revolving
Credit Facility will mature on February 15, 2025, the Initial Term Loans
will mature on August 15, 2025, and the Sixth Amendment Term Loans will
mature on October 25, 2028.

Amortization, Interest Rates, and Fees

After giving effect to the Sixth Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement
requires equal quarterly repayments of (i) with respect to
the Initial Term Loans, $4.6 million and (ii) with respect to the Sixth
Amendment Term Loans, commencing with the fiscal quarter ending on June 30,
2022, 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Sixth Amendment Term
Loans made
on the effective date of the Sixth Amendment.

The borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a
floating rate
which can be, at our option, either (i) an adjusted LIBOR rate for a
specified interest period plus an applicable margin of 2.25% or (ii) a base
rate plus an applicable margin of 1.25%. The applicable margins for LIBOR
rate and base rate
borrowings are subject to reductions to 2.00% and 1.00%, respectively, based
on our consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio.
The LIBOR rate applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a
“floor” of
0.00%.

The Initial Term Loans bear interest at a floating rate which can be, at our
option, either (i) an adjusted LIBOR rate
for a specified interest period plus an applicable margin of 3.50% or (ii) a
base

183

rate plus an applicable margin of 2.50%. The applicable margins for LIBOR
rate and base rate borrowings are subject to reductions to 3.25% and 2.25%,
respectively, based on our consolidated first lien secured debt to
consolidated EBITDA ratio. The LIBOR rate applicable to the Initial Term
Loans is subject to a “floor” of 0.00%. The Sixth Amendment Term Loans bear
interest at a rate which can be, at our option, either (i) an adjusted LIBOR
rate for a specified interest period plus an applicable margin of 3.00% or
(ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of 2.00%. The LIBOR rate
applicable to the Sixth Amendment Term Loans is subject to a “floor” of
0.50%. The base rate for any day is a fluctuating rate per annum equal to
the highest of (i) the federal funds effective rate in effect on such day,
plus 0.50%, (ii) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly
announced by the administrative agent as its “prime rate,” and (iii) the
adjusted LIBOR rate for a one-month interestperiod, plus 1.00%. In addition
to paying interest on loans outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility
and the Term Loans, we are required to pay a commitment fee of 0.50% per
annum of unused commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. The
commitment fee is subject to reductions to 0.375% per annum and 0.25% per
annum based on our consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated
EBITDA ratio. We are also required to pay letter of credit fees on the
maximum amount available to be drawn under all outstanding letters of credit
in an amount equal to the applicable margin for LIBOR loans under the
Revolving Credit Facility on a per annum basis. We are also required to pay
customary fronting fees and other customary documentary fees in connection
with the issuance of letters of credit. Voluntary Prepayments We are
permitted to voluntarily prepay or repay outstanding loans under the
Revolving Credit Facility or Term Loans at any time, in whole or in part,
subject to prior written notice, minimum amount requirements, and customary
“breakage” costs with respect to LIBOR loans. Amounts prepaid under the
Revolving Credit Facility may subsequently be reborrowed. We are permitted
to reduce commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time, in
whole or in part, subject to minimum amounts. Mandatory Prepayments The
Amended Credit Agreement requires us to prepay, subject to certain
exceptions, the Term Loans with:
                                                                            
       100% of net cash proceeds above a threshold amount of certain asset  
       sales, certain debt incurrences and casualty events,                 
       subject to, in the case of asset sales, casualty events, and sale    
       leasebacks, (i) step-downs to (x) 50% if our consolidated first      
  •    lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or       
       equal to 3.50 to 1.00, but greater than 2.50 to                      
       1.00 and (y) 0% if our consolidated first lien secured debt to       
       consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 and  
       (ii) reinvestment rights and certain other exceptions;               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       50% of annual excess cash flow above a threshold amount, subject to  
       (i) a step-down to 25% if our consolidated                           
       first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than    
       or equal to 4.00 to 1.00, but greater than 3.50 to 1.00, and (ii) a  
       step-down to 0% if our first lien net leverage ratio is less than    
  •    or equal to 3.50 to 1.00; provided that such                         
       a prepayment is required only in the amount (if any) by which such   
       prepayment exceeds $10 million in such fiscal year. The amount of    
       excess cash flow is subject to certain deductions and exceptions,    
       including a dollar-for-dollar reduction based on the amount of       
       voluntary prepayments of Term                                        
                                                                            
184
                                                      
  Loans and loans under the Revolving Credit          
  Facility (to the extent accompanied by a permanent  
  commitment reduction); and                          
                                                      
                                                                         
  •    100% of the net cash proceeds of certain other debt incurrences.  
                                                                         
Guarantees Subject to certain exceptions, all obligations under the Amended
Credit Agreement, including certain hedging and cash management
arrangements, are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally,
guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of our existing and future
direct and indirect subsidiaries (other than unrestricted subsidiaries,
foreign subsidiaries, foreign subsidiary holding companies, subsidiaries
prohibited by applicable law from becoming guarantors, immaterial
subsidiaries, and certain other exempted subsidiaries). Security Our
obligations and the obligations of the guarantors of our obligations under
the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by perfected first priority pledges
of and security interests in (i) substantially all of the existing and
future equity interests of our and each guarantor’s subsidiaries, subject to
certain limitations and exceptions and (ii) substantially all of our and
each guarantor’s tangible and intangible assets, in each case, subject to
certain exceptions. Certain Covenants The Amended Credit Agreement contains
a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain
exceptions, our ability and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to:
                                       
  •    incur additional indebtedness;  
                                       
                               
  •    create or incur liens;  
                               
                                                                            
  •    engage in consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, liquidations,      
       dissolutions or dispositions;                                        
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of assets;  
                                                        
                                                                            
       pay dividends and distributions on, or purchase, redeem, defease,    
  •    or otherwise acquire or retire for value, capital                    
       stock;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    make acquisitions, investments, loans (including guarantees),        
       advances, or capital contributions; and                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    create negative pledges or restrictions on the payment of            
       dividends.                                                           
                                                                            
In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement includes a springing financial
covenant solely with respect to the revolving credit facility which requires
that for so long, as of the last day of the applicable test period, (i) the
aggregate principal amount of all outstanding revolving credit loans plus
(ii) the aggregate principal amount of all undrawn letters of credit in
excess of $15 million then outstanding, exceeds 35.0% of the amount of the
Revolving Credit Facility as of such date (the Revolving Credit Facility
Test Condition), our consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated
EBITDA ratio cannot exceed 6.75 to 1.00, tested quarterly on the last day of
any test period for which the Revolving Credit Facility Test Condition is
applicable. 185

Events of Default

The Amended Credit Agreement includes certain customary events of default,
including, among others, failure to pay principal, interest,
or other amounts (subject to grace periods); material inaccuracy of
representations and warranties; violation of covenants; specified cross-
default and cross-acceleration to other material indebtedness; certain
bankruptcy and insolvency events;
invalidity of guarantees or grants of security interest; certain
undischarged judgments; and change of control.

Acquisition of Adjust

In April 2021, we acquired all the outstanding shares of Adjust for an
estimated purchase price of approximately $1.0 billion,
consisting of, among other consideration, the assumption of up to $40.0
million in the aggregate of debt, accrued interest, and fees of Adjust, in
each case upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the share purchase
agreement. The share
purchase agreement is attached as an exhibit to the registration statement
of which this prospectus forms a part.

186

SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE

Future sales of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the
availability of such shares for sale in the public market, could
adversely affect market prices prevailing from time to time. Sales of our
Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that those
sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price at such
time and our ability to
raise equity capital in the future.

Following the completion of this offering and related transactions, based on
the number of
shares of our capital stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021, we will
have a total of 294,978,513 shares of our Class A common stock, 78,662,622
shares of our Class B common stock, and no shares of our Class C common
stock
outstanding.

Lock-Up and Market Standoff Agreements

We, all of our directors and executive officers, and the selling
stockholders have entered into lock-up agreements with the underwriters
prior to the commencement of this offering pursuant to which each of these
persons or entities, with limited exceptions, during a period ending 60 days
after the date of this prospectus, may not, without the prior written
consent of
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell
any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell,
grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer
or dispose
of, directly or indirectly, any shares of our common stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our common stock
(including, without limitation, common stock or such other securities which
may be deemed to be
beneficially owned by such directors, executive officers and stockholders in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and securities which
may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant); (ii) file any
registration
statement with the SEC relating to the offering of any shares of common
stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
common stock; (iii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers
to another, in whole
or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the common
stock whether any such transaction described above is to be settled by
delivery of Class A common stock or such other securities, in cash, or
otherwise; or (iv) or publicly
disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. See the section titled
“Underwriters” for additional information.

Rule 144

In general, Rule 144 provides that a person who is not deemed to have been
one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at
any time during the 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned
the shares of our Class A common stock proposed to be sold for at least six
months is entitled to sell those shares without complying with the manner of
sale, volume
limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject to compliance with the
public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has
beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year,
including the holding period of
any prior owner other than our affiliates, then that person would be
entitled to sell those shares without complying with any of the requirements
of Rule 144.

Sales of our Class A common stock made in reliance upon Rule 144 by our
affiliates or persons selling shares of our Class A common stock
on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale
provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public
information about us.

Rule 701

Rule 701 generally allows a
stockholder who purchased shares of our capital stock pursuant to a written
compensatory plan or contract and who is not deemed to have been an
affiliate of our company

187

during the immediately preceding 90 days to sell these shares in reliance
upon Rule 144, but without being required to comply with the public
information, holding period, volume limitation or
notice provisions of Rule 144. Rule 701 also permits affiliates of our
company to sell their Rule 701 shares under Rule 144 without complying with
the holding period requirements of Rule 144. All holders of Rule 701 shares,
however, are
required to wait until 90 days after the date of this prospectus before
selling those shares pursuant to Rule 701.

Registration Rights

Pursuant to our IRA, the holders of certain shares of our Class A common
stock (including shares issuable upon conversion of shares
of our Class B common stock and the exercise of certain warrants), or
certain transferees, are entitled to certain rights with respect to the
registration of the offer and sale of those shares under the Securities Act.
See the section titled
“Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights” for a description of
these registration rights. If the offer and sale of these shares of our
Class A common stock are registered, such as in this offering, the shares
will be
freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, subject to the
Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates, and a large number of shares
may be sold into the public market.

Registration Statements

We have filed
registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register
shares of our Class A common stock subject to options outstanding, as well
as reserved for future issuance, under our equity
compensation plans, and to register shares of our Class A common stock in
connection with the early release of lock-up agreements in connection with
our initial public offering. These registration statements on Form
S-8 became effective immediately upon filing, and shares of our Class A
common stock covered by the registration statements then became eligible for
sale in the public market, subject to the Rule 144
limitations applicable to affiliates, vesting restrictions and any
applicable agreements. See the section titled “Executive
Compensation—Employee Benefit and Stock Plans” for a description of our
equity compensation plans.

188

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S.HOLDERS OF OUR
CLASS A COMMON STOCK The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal
income tax consequences to “non-U.S.holders” (as defined below) of the
purchase, ownership and disposition of our Class A common stock issued
pursuant to this offering. This discussion does not purport to be a complete
analysis of all the potential tax considerations relating thereto. This
summary is based on the provisions of the Code, the Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and judicial decisions, all
as of the date hereof. These authorities are subject to differing
interpretations and may change, possibly retroactively, which may result in
U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those set forth below.
We have not requested a ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
with respect to the statements made and the conclusions reached in the
following summary, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court
will agree with such statements and conclusions. This summary does not
address the tax considerations arising under the laws of any state, local or
non-U.S.jurisdiction, or under U.S. federal gift and estate tax laws. In
addition, this discussion does not address tax considerations applicable to
a non-U.S.holder’s particular circumstances or non-U.S.holders that may be
subject to special rules under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including,
without limitation:
                                                                            
       banks, insurance companies or other financial institutions (except   
  •    to the extent specifically set forth below),                         
       regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts;     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    persons subject to the alternative minimum tax or Medicare           
       contribution tax on net investment income;                           
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations;  
                                                                
                                                      
  •    pension plans or tax-exempt retirement plans;  
                                                      
                                                                            
       controlled foreign corporations (as defined in Section 957 of the    
  •    Code), passive foreign investment companies (as                      
       defined in Section 1297 of the Code) and corporations that           
       accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax;                
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    brokers or dealers in securities or currencies;  
                                                        
                                                                            
       traders in securities or other persons that elect to use a           
  •    mark-to-market method of accounting for their holdings in our        
       stock;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons that own, or are deemed to own, more than five percent of    
  •    our capital stock (except to the extent specifically                 
       set forth below);                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the   
       United States;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       partnerships, or entities or arrangements treated as partnerships    
  •    for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or other                       
       pass-through entities (and investors therein);                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons who hold our Class A common stock as a position in a         
  •    hedging transaction, “straddle,” “conversion                         
       transaction” or other risk reduction transaction or integrated       
       investment;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons who hold or receive our Class A common stock pursuant to     
  •    the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise               
       as compensation;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any   
  •    item of gross income with respect to our Class A                     
       common stock being taken into account in an “applicable financial    
       statement” (as defined in Section 451(b) of the Code);               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons who do not hold our Class A common stock as a capital asset  
  •    within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code;                      
       or                                                                   
                                                                            
189
                                                                            
  •    persons deemed to sell our Class A common stock under the            
       constructive sale provisions of the Code.                            
                                                                            
In addition, if a partnership or other entity or arrangement treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our Class A common
stock, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership generally will
depend on the status of the partner and on the activities of the
partnership. Accordingly, partnerships, or other entities or arrangements
treated as partnerships, that hold our Class A common stock, and partners in
such partnerships, should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax
consequences of the ownership and disposition of our Class A common stock.
This discussion is for informational purposes only and is not tax advice.
You are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the application of
the U.S. federal income tax laws to your particular situation, as well as
any tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our Class
A common stock arising under the U.S. federal gift or estate tax laws or
under the laws of any U.S. state or local, non-U.S.or other taxing
jurisdiction or under any applicable tax treaty. Non-U.S.Holder Defined For
purposes of this discussion, you are a “non-U.S.holder” if you are any
holder that is not a partnership (or entity or arrangement treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and are not, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, any of the following:
                                                                         
  •    an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;  
                                                                         
                                                                            
       a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for      
  •    U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized               
       in the United States or under the laws of the United States, any     
       state thereof or the District of Columbia;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax         
       regardless of its source; or                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a trust (x) whose administration is subject to the primary           
       supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more                
       “United States persons” (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the    
  •    Code) who have the authority to control all substantial decisions    
       of the trust or (y) which has made a valid election to be treated    
       as a U.S. person under the                                           
       applicable Treasury Regulations.                                     
                                                                            
Distributions We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our capital stock
in the foreseeable future. However, if we do make distributions on our Class
A common stock, those payments will constitute dividends for U.S. federal
income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated
earnings and profits, if any, as determined under U.S. federal income tax
principles. To the extent those distributions exceed both our current and
our accumulated earnings and profits, they will constitute a return of
capital and will first reduce your basis in our Class A common stock, but
not below zero, and then will be treated as gain from the sale or other
disposition of property as described below under “—Gain on Disposition of
Our Class A Common Stock.” Except as otherwise described below in the
paragraph on effectively connected income and the sections titled “—Backup
Withholding and Information Reporting” and “—FATCA,” any dividend paid to
you generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax either at a rate of
30% of the gross amount of the dividend or such lower rate as may be
specified by an applicable income tax treaty between the U.S. and your
country of residence. If we or another withholding agent over-withhold or if
a non-U.S.holder does not timely provide us with the required documentation,
but that qualifies for a reduced treaty rate, the non-U.S.holder may be
entitled to a refund or credit of any excess tax withheld by timely filing
an appropriate claim with the IRS. 190

In order to receive a reduced treaty rate, you must timely provide the
applicable withholding agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN,IRS Form W-8BEN-Eor
other appropriate version of IRS Form W-8,including any required attachments
and your taxpayer identification number, certifying qualification for the
reduced rate. In addition, you will be required to update such forms and
certifications from time to time as required by law. If you are eligible for
a reduced rate of U.S. withholding tax pursuant to an income tax treaty, you
may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an
appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. If you hold our stock through a
financial institution or other agent acting on your behalf, you will be
required to provide appropriate documentation to the agent, which then will
be required to provide certification to us or our paying agent, either
directly or through other intermediaries. You should consult your tax
advisor regarding entitlement to benefits under any applicable income tax
treaties. Dividends received by you that are effectively connected with your
conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and, if required by an applicable
income tax treaty, attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base
maintained by you in the United States) are generally exempt from such
withholding tax, subject to the discussions below on backup withholding and
FATCA withholding. In order to obtain this exemption, you must provide us
with an IRS Form W-8ECIor other applicable IRS Form W-8,including any
required attachments and your taxpayer identification number, certifying
qualification for the reduced rate. In addition, you will be required to
update such forms and certifications from time to time as required by law.
Such effectively connected dividends, although not subject to U.S. federal
withholding tax, are includable on your U.S. federal income tax return and
taxed to you at the same graduated rates applicable to U.S. persons, net of
certain deductions and credits. If you are a corporate non-U.S.holder,
dividends you receive that are effectively connected with your conduct of a
U.S. trade or business may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate
of 30%, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax
treaty between the United States and your country of residence. You should
consult your tax advisor regarding any applicable tax treaties that may
provide for different rules. Gain on Disposition of Our Class A Common Stock
Except as otherwise described below in the sections titled “—Backup
Withholding and Information Reporting,” and “—FATCA,” a non-U.S.holder
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain
realized on the sale or other disposition of our Class A common stock
unless:
                                                                            
       the gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade  
       or business (and, if required by an applicable                       
  •    income tax treaty, the gain is attributable to a permanent           
       establishment or fixed base maintained by you in the United          
       States);                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       you are a non-resident alien individual who is present in the        
       United States for                                                    
  •    a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the          
       calendar year in which the sale or other disposition occurs and      
       other conditions are met; or                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our Class A common stock constitutes a United States real property   
       interest by reason of our status as a                                
       “United States real property holding corporation,” or USRPHC, for    
       U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time within the shorter of   
       the five-year period preceding your disposition of, or your holding  
       period for, our Class A common                                       
       stock, and, in the case where shares of our Class A common stock     
       are regularly traded on an established securities market, you own,   
       or are treated as owning, more than 5% of our Class A common stock   
  •    at any time during the foregoing period.                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
In general, a corporation is a USRPHC if the fair market value of its U.S.
real property interests equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of the fair market
value of its worldwide property interests and its other assets used or held
for use in a trade or business (all as determined for U.S. federal income
tax 191

purposes). We believe, and this discussion assumes, that we currently are
not, and will not become, a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
However, because the determination of whether we
are a USRPHC depends on the fair market value of our U.S. real property
interests relative to the fair market value of our other business assets,
there can be no assurance that we will not become a USRPHC at some point in
the future. Even if we
become a USRPHC, however, as long as our Class A common stock is regularly
traded on an established securities market, such Class A common stock will
be treated as U.S. real property interests only if you actually or
constructively hold more than
five percent of such regularly traded Class A common stock at any time
during the shorter of the five-year period preceding your disposition of, or
your holding period for, our Class A common stock.

If you are a non-U.S. holder described in the first bullet above, you will
generally be required
to pay tax on the net gain derived from the sale under regular graduated
U.S. federal income tax rates (and a corporate non-U.S. holder described in
the first bullet above also may be subject to the branch
profits tax at a 30% rate), unless otherwise provided by an applicable
income tax treaty between the United States and your country of residence.
If you are a non-U.S. holder described in the second bullet
above, you will generally be required to pay a 30% tax (or such lower rate
specified by an applicable income tax treaty between the United States and
your country of residence) on the gain derived from the sale or other
disposition of our stock,
which gain may be offset by certain U.S. source capital losses (provided you
have timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such
losses). You should consult your tax advisor regarding any applicable income
tax treaty that may
provide for different rules.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

Generally, we must report annually to the IRS the amount of dividends paid
to you, your name and address and the amount of tax withheld,
if any. A similar report will be sent to you. Pursuant to applicable income
tax treaties or other agreements, the IRS may make these reports available
to tax authorities in your country of residence.

Payments of dividends or of proceeds on the sale or other disposition of
stock made to you may be subject to information reporting and
backup withholding unless you establish an exemption, for example, by
properly certifying your non-U.S. status on an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form
W-8BEN-E or another appropriate version of IRS Form W-8. Any documentation
provided to an applicable withholding agent may need to be
updated in certain circumstances.

Information reporting and backup withholding generally will apply to the
proceeds of a sale or
other disposition of our Class A common stock by a non-U.S. holder effected
by or through the U.S. office of any broker, U.S. or foreign, unless the
holder certifies its status as a non-U.S. holder and satisfies certain other
requirements, or otherwise establishes an exemption. Generally, information
reporting and backup withholding will not apply to a payment of the proceeds
from a sale or
other disposition of our stock to a non-U.S. holder where the transaction is
effected outside the United States through a foreign broker. However, for
information reporting purposes, sales or other
dispositions effected through a non-U.S. office of a broker with substantial
U.S. ownership or operations generally will be treated in a manner similar
to sales or other dispositions effected through a U.S.
office of a broker. Notwithstanding the foregoing, backup withholding and
information reporting may apply if either we or our paying agent has actual
knowledge, or reason to know, that you are a U.S. person.
Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the
application of the information reporting and backup withholding rules to
them.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the U.S. federal income
tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding
generally will be reduced by the amount withheld. If withholding results in
an overpayment of taxes, a refund or credit may generally be obtained from
the IRS, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS in a
timely manner.

192

FATCA

The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) as reflected in Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and
administrative guidance issued thereunder, generally imposes U.S. federal
withholding tax at a rate of 30% on dividends on and the gross proceeds from
a sale or other disposition of our Class A common stock if paid to a
“foreign financial
institution” (as defined in the Code), unless otherwise provided by the
Treasury Secretary or such institution enters into an agreement with the
U.S. government to withhold on certain payments and to collect and provide
to the U.S. tax
authorities substantial information regarding the U.S. account holders of
such institution (which includes certain equity and debt holders of such
institution, as well as certain account holders that are
non-U.S. entities with U.S. owners) or otherwise establishes an exemption.
FATCA also generally imposes a U.S. federal withholding tax of 30% on
dividends paid on and the gross proceeds from a sale or other
disposition of our Class A common stock if paid to a “non-financial foreign
entity” (as defined in the Code) unless otherwise provided by the Treasury
Secretary or such entity provides the
withholding agent with a certification identifying, and information with
respect to, certain direct and indirect “substantial United States owners”
(as defined in the Code), or substantial U.S. owners, of the entity,
certifies that it does
not have any such substantial U.S. owners or otherwise establishes and
certifies to an exemption. The withholding provisions under FATCA generally
apply to dividends on our Class A common stock. The U.S. Treasury Department
has issued proposed
regulations providing that the withholding provisions under FATCA do not
apply with respect to the gross proceeds from a sale or other disposition of
our Class A common stock. In its preamble to such proposed regulations, the
U.S. Treasury
Department stated that taxpayers may generally rely on the proposed
regulations until final regulations are issued. An intergovernmental
agreement between the United States and your country of tax residence may
modify the requirements described in
this paragraph. Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors
regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in our
Class A common stock.

Each prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the
particular U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S.tax consequences of
purchasing, holding and disposing of our Class A common stock, including the
consequences of any proposed change in applicable laws.

193

UNDERWRITERS Under the terms and subject to the conditions in an
underwriting agreement to be dated the date of this prospectus, the
underwriters named below, for whom J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA
Securities, Inc., and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. are acting as
representatives, have severally agreed to purchase, and the selling
stockholders have agreed to sell to them, severally, the number of shares of
Class A common stock indicated below:
                                                         
  Name                                        Number of  
                                                 Shares  
  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC                  2,234,444  
  BofA Securities, Inc.                       1,407,903  
  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.               1,407,903  
  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC                      633,556  
  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC            492,766  
  UBS Securities LLC                            492,766  
  Goldman Sachs & Co. Inc.                      351,976  
  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.                        105,592  
  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated      105,592  
  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.               105,592  
  LionTree Advisors LLC                          35,198  
  LUMA Securities LLC                            35,198  
  Raine Securities LLC                           35,198  
  Blaylock Van, LLC                              14,079  
  Guzman & Company                               14,079  
  Roberts & Ryan Investments, Inc.               14,079  
  R. Seelaus & Co., LLC                          14,079  
  Total:                                      7,500,000  
                                                         
The underwriters and the representatives are collectively referred to as the
“underwriters” and the “representatives,” respectively. The underwriters are
offering the shares of Class A common stock subject to their acceptance of
the shares from the selling stockholders and subject to prior sale. The
underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the several
underwriters to pay for and accept delivery of the shares of Class A common
stock offered by this prospectus are subject to the approval of certain
legal matters by their counsel and to certain other conditions. The
underwriters are obligated to take and pay for all of the shares of Class A
common stock offered by this prospectus if any such shares are taken.
However, the underwriters are not required to take or pay for the shares
covered by the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares described
below. The underwriters initially propose to offer part of the shares of
Class A common stock directly to the public at the offering price listed on
the cover page of this prospectus and part to certain dealers. After the
initial offering of the shares of Class A common stock, the offering price
and other selling terms may from time to time be varied by the
representatives. KKR Denali has granted to the underwriters an option,
exercisable for 30 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to
1,125,000 additional shares of Class A common stock at the public offering
price listed on the cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting
discounts and commissions. To the extent the option is exercised, each
underwriter will become obligated, subject to certain conditions, to
purchase about the same percentage of the additional shares of Class A
common stock as the number listed next to the underwriter’s name in the
preceding table bears to the total number of shares of Class A common stock
listed next to the names of all underwriters in the preceding table. The
following table shows the per share and total public offering price,
underwriting discounts and commissions, and proceeds, before expenses, to
the selling stockholders. These amounts are shown 194

assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to
purchase up to an additional 1,125,000 shares of Class A common stock from
KKR Denali.
                                                                            
                                                 Total                      
                           Per Share       No Exercise       Full Exercise  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Public offering       $      83.00    $  622,500,000    $    715,875,000  
  price                                                                     
  Underwriting                                                              
  discounts and                                                             
  commissions           $       2.49    $   18,675,000    $     21,476,250  
  to be paid by the                                                         
  selling                                                                   
  stockholders                                                              
  Proceeds, before                                                          
  expenses, to          $      80.51    $  603,825,000    $    694,398,750  
  selling                                                                   
  stockholders                                                              
                                                                            
The estimated offering expenses, exclusive of the underwriting discounts and
commissions, are approximately $1.5 million. We have engaged KKR Capital
Markets LLC as an independent financial advisor as defined under FINRA Rule
5110(j)(9) in connection with this offering. The underwriters have agreed to
reimburse us for certain expenses incurred by us in connection with this
offering upon closing of this offering, including the financial advisory
fees payable by us to KKR Capital Markets LLC. We have agreed to reimburse
the underwriters for expenses relating to clearance of this offering with
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority up to $25,000. The underwriters
have informed us that they do not intend sales to discretionary accounts to
exceed 5% of the total number of shares of Class A common stock offered by
them. Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
under the trading symbol “APP”. We, all of our directors and executive
officers, and the selling stockholders have agreed that, without the prior
written consent of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC on behalf of the underwriters
and subject to certain exceptions, we and they will not, and will not
publicly disclose an intention to, during the period ending 60 days after
the date of this prospectus:
                                                                            
       offer, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to        
       purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant             
       any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise         
       transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of our    
       common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or    
  •    exchangeable for our common stock (including, without                
       limitation, common stock or such other securities which may be       
       deemed to be beneficially owned by such directors, executive         
       officers and stockholders in accordance with the rules and           
       regulations of the SEC and securities which may be issued upon       
       exercise of a stock option or warrant);                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       file any registration statement with the SEC relating to the         
  •    offering of any shares of common stock or any securities             
       convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock;    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another,  
       in whole or in part, any of the economic                             
  •    consequences of ownership of the common stock whether any such       
       transaction described above is to be settled by delivery of Class A  
       common stock or such other securities, in cash, or otherwise; or     
                                                                            
                                                                    
  •    publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing.  
                                                                    
In addition, we and each such person agrees that, without the prior written
consent of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC on behalf of the underwriters and
subject to certain exceptions, we or such other person will not, during the
lock-up period, make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to,
the registration of any shares of common stock or any security convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock. 195

The restrictions described above do not apply in certain cases, including:
                                                                            
         to transactions relating to shares of Class A common stock or      
         other securities in open market transactions after                 
         the completion of this offering, provided that no filing under     
  (i)    Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other public announcement is  
         required or voluntarily made during the lock-up period in          
         connection with                                                    
         subsequent sales of Class A common stock or other securities       
         acquired in such open market transactions;                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
          to transfers of shares of common stock or any security            
          convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock  
          (1) upon death or by will, testamentary document or intestate     
          succession, (2) as a bona fide gift, charitable contribution or   
          for bona fide estate planning purposes, (3) to an immediate       
  (ii)    family member of the lock-up signatory or to any trust for the    
          direct or indirect benefit of the lock-up signatory or the        
          immediate family of the lock-up                                   
          signatory, or (4) if the lock-up signatory is a trust, to a       
          trustor or beneficiary of the trust or to the estate of a         
          beneficiary of such trust;                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
         if the lock-up signatory is a corporation, partnership, limited    
         liability                                                          
         company, trust or other business entity, to (1) distributions of   
         shares of common stock or any security convertible into or         
         exercisable or exchangeable for common stock to its partners       
         (general or limited), members, managers, stockholders or           
         holders of similar equity interests in the lock-up signatory (or   
         in each case, its nominee or custodian), or (2) transfers of       
  (iii)  shares of common stock or any security convertible into or         
         exercisable or                                                     
         exchangeable for common stock to another corporation,              
         partnership, limited liability company, trust, or other business   
         entity (or in each case, its nominee or custodian) that is an      
         affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the            
         Securities                                                         
         Act) of the lock-up signatory, or to any investment fund or other  
         entity controlled or managed by the lock-up signatory;             
                                                                            
                                                                            
        to transfers of common stock or any security convertible into or    
        exercisable or exchangeable for common stock that                   
        occurs by operation of law pursuant to a qualified domestic order   
        or in connection with a divorce settlement; provided that any       
  (iv)  filing required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act will clearly   
        indicate in the footnotes thereto that such                         
        transfer is being made pursuant to the circumstances described in   
        this clause (iv); provided further that no other public             
        announcement or filing is required or voluntarily made during the   
        lock-up period;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
         to (1) the receipt by the lock-up signatory from us of shares of   
         common                                                             
         stock upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of options,         
         restricted stock units or other equity awards granted under an     
         equity incentive plan or other equity award arrangement described  
         in this prospectus, or the exercise or conversion of               
         warrants, convertible securities or other shares of convertible    
         capital stock, or (2) transfers of shares of common stock or any   
         security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for       
         common stock upon a vesting or settlement event or                 
         upon the exercise of options, restricted stock units, warrants or  
         other rights, on a “net exercise” or “cashless” basis, in each     
         case, equity awards or warrants, and only in an amount necessary   
         to cover the applicable exercise                                   
         price or tax withholding obligations, including estimated taxes,   
         of the lock-up signatory in connection with the vesting, to the    
  (v)    extent permitted by the instruments representing such securities,  
         options,                                                           
         restricted stock units or warrants (and any transfer necessary in  
         respect of such amount needed for the payment of taxes, including  
         estimated taxes, due as a result of such vesting, settlement or    
         exercise whether by means of a “net                                
         settlement” or otherwise) so long as such “cashless” exercise or   
         “net exercise” is effected solely by the surrender of outstanding  
         securities, options, restricted stock units or warrants (or the    
         common stock issuable upon                                         
         the exercise thereof) to us or our cancellation of all or a        
         portion thereof to pay the exercise price and/or withholding tax   
         and remittance obligations; provided that, (A) in the case of      
         either (1) or (2), any shares of common stock                      
         received upon exercise, vesting or settlement of the security,     
         option, restricted stock unit or warrant are subject to the terms  
         of the lock-up agreements and (B) that in the                      
                                                                            
196
                                                                            
  case of either (1) or (2), any filing under Section 16(a) of the          
  Exchange Act during the lock-up period will clearly indicate in the       
  footnotes                                                                 
  thereto that (i) such transfer relates to the circumstances described in  
  this clause (v) and (ii) no shares were sold by the reporting person;     
  and (3) the shares of common stock received upon such vesting,            
  settlement or exercise are                                                
  subject to the terms of the lock-up agreements;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
        to transfers to us of shares of common stock or any security        
        convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for                 
        common stock in connection with the repurchase by us from the       
        lock-up signatory of shares of common stock or any security         
        convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock    
        at the lower of cost                                                
  (vi)  or fair market value pursuant to a repurchase right arising in      
        connection with the termination of the lock-up signatory’s          
        employment with or provision of services to us; provided that any   
        public                                                              
        announcement or filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act      
        will clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that such transfer   
        is being made pursuant to the circumstances described in this       
        clause (vi);                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
         to transfers of shares of common stock or any security             
         convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common         
         stock in connection with a bona fide third-party tender offer,     
         merger, consolidation or other similar transaction after the       
  (vii)  offering that is approved by our board of directors and made to    
         all holders of common stock; provided that in the event the        
         transaction is not completed, the common stock or securities       
         convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock   
         held by the lock-up signatory will remain subject to the lock-up   
         agreements;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
          to any conversion, reclassification, exchange or swap of Class B  
          common stock for Class A common stock, as                         
          permitted by our certificate of incorporation (which, for the     
          avoidance of doubt, shall include the KKR Denali Stock            
  (viii)  Conversion), provided that (A) such shares of Class A common      
          stock received upon conversion will remain subject to the         
          terms of the lock-up agreements and (B) any filing required by    
          Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act will clearly indicate in the    
          footnotes thereto that such transfer is being made pursuant to    
          the circumstances described in this clause (viii);                
                                                                            
                                                                            
        to sales made pursuant to a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1    
        under the Exchange Act established prior to this                    
        offering for the transfer of shares of common stock, provided that  
  (ix)  any filing required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act will       
        clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that such transfer is     
        being made pursuant to the circumstances described in               
        this clause (ix);                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
         to the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1     
  (x)    under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of               
         common stock provided that such 10b5-1 plan does not provide for   
         the transfer of common stock during the lock-up period;            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (xi)  to the sales of shares of common stock pursuant to the              
        underwriting agreement; or                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
         in connection with the creation of any charge, lien, mortgage,     
         pledge, or other security interest on, or posting as               
         collateral of any shares of common stock in connection with a      
         bona fide loan transaction; provided that the shares of common     
         stock subject to the creation of any such charge, lien, mortgage,  
  (xii)  pledge or other security interest on, or posting of the            
         shares of common stock as collateral, in connection with a bona    
         fide transaction remain subject to the terms of the lock-up        
         agreement and, except in the case of KKR Denali, the number of     
         shares of common stock pledged or otherwise encumbered             
         pursuant to this clause (xii) shall not exceed 10% of the total    
         number of shares of common stock held by the lock-up signatory;    
                                                                            
provided that (A) in the case of any transfer or distribution pursuant to
clauses (ii)-(iv), each donee, distributee, transferee or acquirer will sign
and deliver a lock-upagreement and (B) in the case of any transfer or
distribution pursuant to clauses (ii)-(iii), (1) no filing under Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act 197

or other public announcement, reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership
of shares of common stock, will be required or will be voluntarily made
during the
lock-up period and (2) such transfer or disposition will not involve a
disposition for value.

The lockup restrictions described above do not apply to us with respect to
certain transactions including (i) the sale of shares of
Class A common stock to the underwriters pursuant to the underwriting
agreement, (ii) the issuance by us of shares of common stock upon the
exercise of an option or warrant or the conversion of a security, in each
case outstanding on or
prior to the execution of the underwriting agreement and described in this
prospectus, (iii) grants of equity awards and the issuance of securities
(whether upon the exercise of stock options or otherwise) to our employees,
officers, directors,
advisors, or consultants pursuant to the terms of an employee benefit plan
in effect as of the execution of the underwriting agreement and described in
this prospectus, (iv) the filing by us with the SEC of a registration
statement on Form S-8
relating to the issuance, vesting, exercise, or settlement of equity awards
granted or to be granted pursuant to any of our employee benefit plans in
effect on or prior to the execution of the underwriting agreement and
disclosed in this prospectus,
(v) the establishment of a trading plan on behalf of our stockholders,
officers, or directors pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act for
the transfer of shares of common stock, provided that (a) such plan does not
provide for
the transfer of common stock during the lock-up period and (b) to the extent
a public announcement or filing under the Exchange Act, if any, is required
of or voluntarily made by us regarding the establishment of such plan, such
announcement or
filing shall include a statement to the effect that no transfer of common
stock may be made under such plan during the lock-up period, or (vi) the
sale or issuance of or entry into an agreement to sell or issue, common
stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock in
connection with one or more mergers; acquisition of securities, businesses,
property or other assets, products or technologies; joint ventures;
commercial relationships or other
strategic corporate transactions or alliances, provided that the aggregate
number of shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for common stock (on an as-converted, as-
exercised, or as-exchanged basis)
that we may sell or issue pursuant to this clause (vi) shall not exceed 10%
of the aggregate number of shares of our common stock issued and outstanding
immediately following the completion of this offering and related
transactions determined
on a fully-diluted basis.

Electronic Distribution

A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on websites
maintained by one or more underwriters, or selling group members, if
any, participating in this offering. The representatives may agree to
allocate a number of shares of Class A common stock to underwriters for sale
to their online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions will be
allocated by the
representatives to underwriters that may make internet distributions on the
same basis as other allocations.

In order to facilitate
the offering of the Class A common stock, the underwriters may engage in
transactions that stabilize, maintain, or otherwise affect the price of the
Class A common stock. Specifically, the underwriters may sell more shares
than they are obligated to
purchase under the underwriting agreement, creating a short position. A
short sale is covered if the short position is no greater than the number of
shares available for purchase by the underwriters under the option to
purchase additional shares.
The underwriters can close out a covered short sale by exercising the option
to purchase additional shares or purchasing shares in the open market. In
determining the source of shares to close out a covered short sale, the
underwriters will
consider, among other things, the open market price of shares compared to
the price available under the option to purchase additional shares. The
underwriters may also sell shares in excess of the option to purchase
additional shares, creating a
naked short position. The underwriters must close out any naked short
position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short position is
more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may
be downward pressure on the
price of the Class A common stock in the open market after

198

pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering.
As an additional means of facilitating this offering, the underwriters may
bid for, and purchase, shares of Class A common stock in the open market to
stabilize the price of the Class A common stock. These activities may raise
or maintain the market price of the Class A common stock above independent
market levels or prevent or retard a decline in the market price of the
Class A common stock. The underwriters are not required to engage in these
activities and may end any of these activities at any time. We, the selling
stockholders, and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify each other
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on websites
maintained by one or more underwriters, or selling group members, if any,
participating in this offering. The representatives may agree to allocate a
number of shares of Class A common stock to underwriters for sale to their
online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions will be allocated
by the representatives to underwriters that may make internet distributions
on the same basis as other allocations. Other Relationships The underwriters
and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions
engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading,
commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment
management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing,
and brokerage activities. Certain of the underwriters and their respective
affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future
perform, various financial advisory and investment banking services for us,
for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. In
addition, affiliates of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc.,
Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Credit Suisse
Securities (USA) LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC act as
bookrunners and as lenders under certain of our credit facilities. See the
sections titled and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions”
and “Description of Certain Indebtedness” for additional information. In
addition, in the ordinary course of their various business activities, the
underwriters and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array
of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for
their own account and for the accounts of their customers and may at any
time hold long and short positions in such securities and instruments. Such
investment and securities activities may involve our securities and
instruments. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make
investment recommendations or publish or express independent research views
in respect of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or
recommend to clients that they acquire, long or short positions in such
securities and instruments. Selling Restrictions European Economic Area In
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area and the United
Kingdom (each, a Relevant State), no securities have been offered or will be
offered pursuant to the offering to the public in that Relevant State prior
to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the Class A common stock
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State
or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to
the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in accordance with the
Prospectus Regulation, except that offers of the Class A common stock may be
made to the public in that Relevant State at any time under the following
exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
                                                                            
  (a)  to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under   
       the Prospectus Regulation;                                           
                                                                            
199
                                                                            
       to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified     
  (b)  investors as defined under the Prospectus                            
       Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the           
       representatives; or                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (c)  in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the        
       Prospectus Regulation,                                               
                                                                            
provided that no such offer of shares shall require us or any of our
representatives to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of
the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the
expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any shares in any
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase any shares, and
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as
amended). United Kingdom Each underwriter has represented and agreed that:
                                                                            
       it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only  
       communicate or cause to be communicated an                           
       invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within    
  (a)  the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act  
       2000 (FSMA)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of  
       the shares of Class A common stock in                                
       circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to   
       us; and                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of    
  (b)  the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in                      
       relation to the shares of Class A common stock in, from or           
       otherwise involving the United Kingdom.                              
                                                                            
Japan No registration pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended)
(FIEL) has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the
application for the acquisition of the shares of Class A common stock.
Accordingly, the shares of Class A common stock have not been, directly or
indirectly, offered or sold and will not be, directly or indirectly, offered
or sold in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any
corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others
for re-offeringor re-sale,directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the
benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the
registration requirements, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and
the other applicable laws and regulations of Japan. For Qualified
Institutional Investors (QII) Please note that the solicitation for newly-
issued or secondary securities (each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4
of the FIEL) in relation to the shares of Class A common stock constitutes
either a “QII only private placement” or a “QII only secondary distribution”
(each as described in Paragraph 1, Article 23-13of the FIEL). Disclosure
regarding any such solicitation, as is otherwise prescribed in Paragraph 1,
Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been made in relation to the shares of Class
A common stock. The shares of Class A common stock may only be transferred
to QIIs. For Non-QIIInvestors Please note that the solicitation for newly-
issued or secondary securities (each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4
of the FIEL) in relation to the shares of Class A common stock constitutes
either 200

a “small number private placement” or a “small number private secondary
distribution” (each as is described in Paragraph 4, Article 23-13of the
FIEL). Disclosure regarding any such solicitation, as is otherwise
prescribed in Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been made in
relation to the shares of Class A common stock. The shares of Class A common
stock may only be transferred en bloc without subdivision to a single
investor. Canada The shares of Class A common stock may be sold only to
purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106Prospectus
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are
permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103Registration
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of
the shares of Class A common stock must be made in accordance with an
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in
certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with
remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any
amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time
limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province
or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to
section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105Underwriting Conflicts (NI
33-105),the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure
requirements of NI 33-105regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in
connection with this offering. Switzerland The shares of Class A common
stock may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on
the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIX) or on any other stock exchange or regulated
trading facility in Switzerland. This document does not constitute a
prospectus within the meaning of, and has been prepared without regard to
the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art.
1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for
listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the
listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in
Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing
material relating to the shares of Class A common stock or the offering may
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating
to the offering, us, or the shares of Class A common stock have been or will
be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular,
this document will not be filed with, and the offer of the shares of Class A
common stock will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market
Supervisory Authority FINMA, and the offer of the shares of Class A common
stock has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on
Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). The investor protection afforded to
acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does
not extend to acquirers of the shares of Class A common stock. Australia
This prospectus:
                                                                            
       does not constitute a disclosure document or a prospectus under      
  •    Chapter 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the                 
       Corporations Act);                                                   
                                                                            
201
                                                                            
       has not been, and will not be, lodged with the Australian            
       Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), as a disclosure        
  •    document for the purposes of the Corporations Act and does not       
       purport to include the information required of a disclosure          
       document for the purposes of the Corporations Act; and               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       may only be provided in Australia to select investors who are able   
  •    to demonstrate that they fall within one or more of                  
       the categories of investors, available under section 708 of the      
       Corporations Act (Exempt Investors).                                 
                                                                            
The shares of Class A common stock may not be directly or indirectly offered
for subscription or purchased or sold, and no invitations to subscribe for
or buy the shares of Class A common stock may be issued, and no draft or
definitive offering memorandum, advertisement, or other offering material
relating to any shares of Class A common stock may be distributed in
Australia, except where disclosure to investors is not required under
Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act or is otherwise in compliance with all
applicable Australian laws and regulations. By submitting an application for
the shares of Class A common stock, you represent and warrant to us that you
are an Exempt Investor. As any offer of shares of Class A common stock under
this document will be made without disclosure in Australia under Chapter
6D.2 of the Corporations Act, the offer of those securities for resale in
Australia within 12 months may, under section 707 of the Corporations Act,
require disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D.2 if none of the exemptions
in section 708 applies to that resale. By applying for the shares of Class A
common stock you undertake to us that you will not, for a period of 12
months from the date of issue of the shares of Class A common stock, offer,
transfer, assign, or otherwise alienate those shares of Class A common stock
to investors in Australia except in circumstances where disclosure to
investors is not required under Chapter 6D.2 of the Corporations Act or
where a compliant disclosure document is prepared and lodged with ASIC. Hong
Kong The shares of Class A common stock have not been offered or sold and
will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other
than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (SFO) of Hong Kong and
any rules made thereunder; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result
in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up
and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong) (CO) or
which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the CO.
No advertisement, invitation, or document relating to the shares of Class A
common stock has been or may be issued or has been or may be in the
possession of any person for the purposes of issuance, whether in Hong Kong
or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to
be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do
so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the
shares of Class A common stock which are or are intended to be disposed of
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as
defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder. Singapore Each
representative has acknowledged that this prospectus has not been registered
as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each
representative has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold
any shares of Class A common stock or caused the shares of Class A common
stock to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase
and will not offer or sell any shares of Class A common stock or cause the
shares of Class A common stock to be made the subject of an invitation for
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it
circulate or distribute, this prospectus or any other document or 202

material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for
subscription or purchase, of the shares of Class A common stock, whether
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:
                                                                            
       to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the        
  (a)  Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of                          
       Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)        
       pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA)       
  (b)  pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any                        
       person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance     
       with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (c)  otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of,     
       any other applicable provision of the SFA.                           
                                                                            
Where the shares of Class A common stock are subscribed or purchased under
Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
                                                                            
       a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in    
       Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of                         
  (d)  which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which   
       is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited   
       investor; or                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose      
  (e)  sole purpose is to hold investments and each                         
       beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited       
       investor,                                                            
                                                                            
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined
in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights
and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the
shares of Class A common stock pursuant to an offer made under Section 275
of the SFA except:
                                                                            
       to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any      
  (i)  person arising from an offer referred to in                          
       Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;                  
                                                                            
                                                                      
  (ii)  where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
                                                                      
                                                     
  (iii)  where the transfer is by operation of law;  
                                                     
                                                       
  (iv)  as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
                                                       
                                                                            
       as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures         
  (v)  (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based             
       Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.                             
                                                                            
Solely for purposes of the notification requirements under Section
309B(1)(c) of the SFA, Chapter 289 of Singapore, the shares are “prescribed
capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:Notice on the Sale of Investment Products
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Noticeon Recommendations on Investment Products).
China This prospectus will not be circulated or distributed in the People’s
Republic of China (PRC) and the shares of Class A common stock will not be
offered or sold, and will not be offered or sold to any person for re-
offeringor resale directly or indirectly to any residents of the PRC except
pursuant to any applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. Neither this
prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be
distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will
result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 203

Korea

The shares of Class A common stock have not been and will not be registered
under the Financial Investments Services and Capital Markets
Act of Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder (FSCMA) and the
shares of Class A common stock have been and will be offered in Korea as a
private placement under the FSCMA. None of the shares of Class A common
stock may be offered, sold or
delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of
Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations
of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of
Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder (FETL). The shares of Class
A common stock have not been listed on any securities exchange in the world
including, without
limitation, the Korea Exchange in Korea. Furthermore, the purchaser of the
shares of Class A common stock shall comply with all applicable regulatory
requirements (including but not limited to requirements under the FETL) in
connection with the
purchase of the shares of Class A common stock. By the purchase of the
shares of Class A common stock, the relevant holder thereof will be deemed
to represent and warrant that if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea,
it purchased the shares
of Class A common stock pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of
Korea.

Malaysia

No prospectus or other offering material or document in connection with the
offer and sale of the shares of Class A common stock has been
or will be registered with the Securities Commission of Malaysia (as used in
this paragraph, the Commission) for the Commission’s approval pursuant to
the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007. Accordingly, this prospectus and
any other
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for
subscription or purchase, of the shares of Class A common stock may not be
circulated or distributed, nor may the shares of Class A common stock be
offered or sold, or be
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether
directly or indirectly, to persons in Malaysia other than (i) a closed end
fund approved by the Commission; (ii) a holder of a Capital Markets Services
Licence;
(iii) a person who acquires the shares of Class A common stock, as
principal, if the offer is on terms that the shares of Class A common stock
may only be acquired at a consideration of not less than RM250,000 (or its
equivalent in foreign
currencies) for each transaction; (iv) an individual whose total net
personal assets or total net joint assets with his or her spouse exceeds RM3
million (or its equivalent in foreign currencies), excluding the value of
the primary
residence of the individual; (v) an individual who has a gross annual income
exceeding RM300,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies) per annum in
the preceding twelve months; (vi) an individual who, jointly with his or her
spouse,
has a gross annual income of RM400,000 (or its equivalent in foreign
currencies), per annum in the preceding twelve months; (vii) a corporation
with total net assets exceeding RM10 million (or its equivalent in a foreign
currencies) based
on the last audited accounts; (viii) a partnership with total net assets
exceeding RM10 million (or its equivalent in foreign currencies); (ix) a
bank licensee or insurance licensee as defined in the Labuan Financial
Services and
Securities Act 2010; (x) an Islamic bank licensee or takaful licensee as
defined in the Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act 2010; and (xi)
any other person as may be specified by the Commission; provided that, in
the each of the
preceding categories (i) to (xi), the distribution of the shares of Class A
common stock is made by a holder of a Capital Markets Services Licence who
carries on the business of dealing in securities. The distribution in
Malaysia of this
prospectus is subject to Malaysian laws. This prospectus does not constitute
and may not be used for the purpose of public offering or an issue, offer
for subscription or purchase, invitation to subscribe for or purchase any
securities requiring the
registration of a prospectus with the Commission under the Capital Markets
and Services Act 2007.

Taiwan

The shares of Class A common stock have not been and will not be registered
with the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan pursuant
to relevant securities laws and regulations and may not

204

be sold, issued, or offered within Taiwan through a public offering or in
circumstances which constitutes an offer within the meaning of the
Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan that requires a
registration or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan.
No person or entity in Taiwan has been authorized to offer, sell, give
advice regarding, or otherwise intermediate the offering and sale of the
shares of Class A common
stock in Taiwan.

Saudi Arabia

This prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except
to such persons as are permitted under the Offers of
Securities Regulations as issued by the board of the Saudi Arabian Capital
Market Authority (the CMA) pursuant to resolution number 2-11-2004 dated 4
October 2004
as amended by resolution number 1-28-2008, as amended (the CMA Regulations).
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness
of this
prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss
arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this prospectus.
Prospective purchasers of the shares of Class A common stock offered hereby
should conduct their own
due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the shares of
Class A common stock. If you do not understand the contents of this
prospectus, you should consult an authorized financial adviser.

Dubai International Financial Centre

This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Markets
Rules 2012 of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the
DFSA). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a
type specified in the Markets Rules 2012 of the DFSA. It must not be
delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no
responsibility for reviewing or verifying
any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved
this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein
and has no responsibility for this prospectus. The securities to which this
prospectus relates may
be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective
purchasers of the shares of Class A common stock offered should conduct
their own due diligence on the Class A common stock. If you do not
understand the contents of this
prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor.

In relation to its use in the DIFC, this prospectus is strictly
private and confidential and is being distributed to a limited number of
investors and must not be provided to any person other than the original
recipient, and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. The
interests in the shares of
Class A common stock may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to
the public in the DIFC.

United Arab Emirates

The shares of Class A common stock have not been, and are not being,
publicly offered, sold, promoted, or advertised in the United Arab
Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) other than in
compliance with the laws of the United Arab Emirates (and the Dubai
International Financial Centre) governing the issue, offering, and sale of
securities. Further, this
prospectus does not constitute a public offer of securities in the United
Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) and is
not intended to be a public offer. This prospectus has not been approved by
or filed with the Central
Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Securities and Commodities Authority,
or the Dubai Financial Services Authority.

Bermuda

Shares of Class A common stock may be offered or sold in Bermuda only in
compliance with the provisions of the Investment Business Act of
2003 of Bermuda which regulates the sale of securities in

205

Bermuda. Additionally, non-Bermudianpersons (including companies) may not
carry on or engage in any trade or business in Bermuda unless such persons
are permitted to do so under applicable Bermuda legislation. British Virgin
Islands The shares of Class A common stock are not being, and may not be
offered to the public or to any person in the British Virgin Islands for
purchase or subscription by or on behalf of us. The shares of Class A common
stock may be offered to companies incorporated under the BVI Business
Companies Act, 2004 (British Virgin Islands), BVI Companies, but only where
the offer will be made to, and received by, the relevant BVI Company
entirely outside of the British Virgin Islands. South Africa Due to
restrictions under the securities laws of South Africa, no “ offer to the
public” (as such term is defined in the South African Companies Act, No. 71
of 2008 (as amended or re-enacted)(the South African Companies Act)) is
being made in connection with the issue of the shares of Class A common
stock in South Africa. Accordingly, this document does not, nor is it
intended to, constitute a “ registered prospectus” (as that term is defined
in the South African Companies Act) prepared and registered under the South
African Companies Act and has not been approved by, and/or filed with, the
South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission or any other
regulatory authority in South Africa. The shares of Class A common stock are
not offered, and the offer shall not be transferred, sold, renounced, or
delivered, in South Africa or to a person with an address in South Africa,
unless one or other of the following exemptions stipulated in section 96 (1)
applies:
                                                                      
  (i)    the offer, transfer, sale, renunciation, or delivery is to:  
                                                                      
                                                                            
  (a)  persons whose ordinary business, or part of whose ordinary           
       business, is to deal in securities, as principal or agent;           
                                                                            
                                                         
  (b)  the South African Public Investment Corporation;  
                                                         
                                                                           
  (c)  persons or entities regulated by the Reserve Bank of South Africa;  
                                                                           
                                                                        
  (d)  authorised financial service providers under South African law;  
                                                                        
                                                                           
  (e)  financial institutions recognised as such under South African law;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       a wholly-owned subsidiary of any person or entity contemplated in    
       (c), (d) or (e), acting as agent in the capacity of                  
  (f)  an authorised portfolio manager for a pension fund, or as manager    
       for a collective investment scheme (in each case duly registered as  
       such under South African law); or                                    
                                                                            
                                                        
  (g)  any combination of the person in (a) to (f); or  
                                                        
                                                                            
          the total contemplated acquisition cost of the securities, for    
          any single addressee acting as principal is equal to or           
  (ii)    greater than ZAR1,000,000 or such higher amount as may be         
          promulgated by notice in the Government Gazette of South Africa   
          pursuant to section 96(2)(a) of the South African Companies Act.  
                                                                            
Information made available in this prospectus should not be considered as “
advice” as defined in the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary
Services Act, 2002. Chile These shares of Class A common stock are privately
offered in Chile pursuant to the provisions of law 18,045, the Securities
Market Law of Chile, and Norma de Carácter General No. 336 (Rule 336), 206

dated June 27, 2012, issued by the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de
Chile (the SVS), the securities regulator of Chile, to resident qualified
investors that are listed in Rule 336 and further defined in rule 216 of
June 12, 2008 issued by the SVS. Pursuant to Rule 336 the following
information is provided in Chile to prospective resident investors in the
offered securities:
                                                 
  1.    The initiation of the offer in Chile is  
        , 2021.                                  
                                                 
                                                                            
        The offer is subject to NCG 336 of June 27, 2012 issued by the      
        Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile                      
  2.    (Superintendency of Securities and Insurance of Chile).             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The offer refers to securities that are not registered in the       
  3.    Registro de Valores (securities registry) or the Registro           
        de Valores Extranjeros (foreign securities registry) of the SVS     
        and therefore:                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                       
  a.  The securities are not subject to the oversight of the SVS; and  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  b.  There issuer thereof is not subject to reporting obligation with      
      respect to itself or the offered securities.                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The securities may not be publicly offered in Chile unless and      
  4.    until they are registered in the Securities Registry of             
        the SVS.                                                            
                                                                            
Brazil No securities may be offered or sold in Brazil, except in
circumstances that do not constitute a public offering or unauthorized
distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. The shares of Class A
common stock have not been, and will not be, registered with the Comissão de
Valores Mobiliários. 207

LEGAL MATTERS

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., Palo Alto, California, which has
acted as our counsel in connection with this offering,
will pass upon the validity of the shares of our Class A common stock being
offered by this prospectus. The underwriters have been represented by
Fenwick & West LLP, Mountain View, California. An investment fund associated
with
Fenwick & West LLP owns less than 1% of our outstanding capital stock as of
September 30, 2021.

EXPERTS

The financial statements of AppLovin Corporation and subsidiaries included
in this Prospectus have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as
stated in their report appearing herein. Such financial statements are
included in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority
as experts in
accounting and auditing.

The financial statements of adjust GmbH as of December 31, 2020 and 2019,
and for each of the two years in
the period ended December 31, 2020, included in this prospectus have been
audited by Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprufungsgesellschaft, independent
auditors, as stated in their report appearing herein. Such financial
statements are included in reliance
upon the report of such firm given their authority as experts in accounting
and auditing.

The consolidated financial statements of
Machine Zone, Inc. as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 and for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2019, have been included
herein and in the registration statement in reliance upon the report of KPMG
LLP (KPMG),
independent auditors, appearing elsewhere herein and upon the authority of
said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

AppLovin has agreed to indemnify and hold KPMG harmless against and from any
and all legal costs and expenses incurred by KPMG in
successful defense of any legal action or proceeding that arises as a result
of KPMG’s consent to the inclusion of its audit report on Machine Zone,
Inc.’s past financial statements included in this registration statement.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We have submitted with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under
the Securities Act
with respect to the shares of our Class A common stock offered by this
prospectus. This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration
statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the
registration statement, some of
which is contained in exhibits to the registration statement as permitted by
the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information with respect
to us and our Class A common stock, we refer you to the registration
statement, including the
exhibits filed as a part of the registration statement. Statements contained
in this prospectus concerning the contents of any contract or any other
document are not necessarily complete. If a contract or document has been
filed as an exhibit to the
registration statement, please see the copy of the contract or document that
has been filed. Each statement in this prospectus relating to a contract or
document filed as an exhibit is qualified in all respects by the filed
exhibit. The SEC
maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy statements, and
other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the
SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov.

We file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the
SEC. We also maintain a website at www.applovin.com. You may
access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable
after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC.
Information contained on our website is not a part of this prospectus and
the inclusion of our website
address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only.

208

APPLOVIN CORPORATION INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            
  AppLovin Corporation and Subsidiaries                                     
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of               
  September 30, 2021 and for the Three and Nine                             
  Months Ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021             Page   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated                        F-3    
  Balance Sheets                                                            
  AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated                        F-4    
  Statements of Operations                                                  
  AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of                 
  Comprehensive                                                      F-5    
  Loss                                                                      
  AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of                 
  Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest                                 F-7    
  and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)                                        
  AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated                        F-8    
  Statements of Cash Flows                                                  
  AppLovin Corporation Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial     F-10   
  Statements                                                                
  Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for                           
  the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2020                                
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting                 F-36   
  Firm                                                                      
  AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets                   F-37   
  AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-38   
  Operations                                                                
  AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-39   
  Comprehensive Income (Loss)                                               
  AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Redeemable                
  Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders’                          F-40   
  Deficit                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-42   
  Cash Flows                                                                
  AppLovin Corporation Notes to Consolidated                         F-44   
  Financial Statements                                                      
  Adjust GmbH Berlin and Subsidiaries                                       
  Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for                           
  the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2020                                
  Independent Auditor’s Report                                       F-89   
  Adjust GmbH. Berlin Consolidated Statement of                      F-90   
  Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income                             
  Adjust GmbH. Berlin Consolidated Statement of                      F-91   
  Financial Position                                                        
  Adjust GmbH. Berlin Consolidated Statement of                      F-92   
  Change in Equity                                                          
  Adjust GmbH. Berlin Consolidated Statement of Cash                 F-93   
  Flows                                                                     
  Adjust GmbH. Berlin Notes to the Consolidated                      F-94   
  Financial Statements                                                      
  Machine Zone, Inc. and Subsidiaries                                       
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of               
  March 31, 2020 and for the Three Months                                   
  Ended March 31, 2019 and 2020                                             
  Machine Zone, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance                  F-129  
  Sheets                                                                    
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements            
  of                                                                 F-130  
  Operations                                                                
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed                             F-131  
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit                          
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements            
  of Cash                                                            F-132  
  Flows                                                                     
  Machine Zone, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated              
  Financial                                                          F-133  
  Statements                                                                
  Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for                           
  the Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2019                                
  Independent Auditor’s Report                                       F-146  
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets                     F-147  
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of                      F-148  
  Operations                                                                
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’        F-149  
  Deficit                                                                   
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash                 F-150  
  Flows                                                                     
  Machine Zone, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial                 F-151  
  Statements                                                                
  AppLovin Corporation and Subsidiaries                                     
  Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement                          
  of Operations                                                             
  AppLovin Corporation Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined               
  Statement of                                                       F-188  
  Operations                                                                
  AppLovin Corporation Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma                  F-191  
  Condensed Combined Statement of Operations                                
                                                                            
APPLOVIN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2020 AND SEPTEMBER 30, 2021

F-2

AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands,
except for share and per share data)
                                                                            
                                    December 31,          September 30,     
                                            2020                   2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             -unaudited     
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                                           
  Cash and cash equivalents      $       317,235       $      1,049,617     
  Accounts receivable, net               296,964                412,884     
  Prepaid expenses and other                                                
  current                                 48,795                163,864     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current assets                   662,994              1,626,365     
  Property and equipment, net             28,587                 62,910     
  Operating lease                         84,336                 77,435     
  right-of-use assets                                                       
  Goodwill                               249,773                997,661     
  Intangible assets, net               1,086,332              1,758,796     
  Other assets                            42,571                 44,593     
  Total assets                   $     2,154,593       $      4,567,760     
  Liabilities, redeemable                                                   
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest, and stockholders’                                               
  equity                                                                    
  (deficit)                                                                 
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts payable               $       147,275       $        208,539     
  Accrued liabilities                     95,057                131,877     
  Licensed asset obligation               18,760                 17,808     
  Short-term debt                         15,210                 18,310     
  Deferred revenue                        86,886                 84,884     
  Operating lease liabilities             22,206                 21,278     
  Deferred acquisition costs,            212,658                 87,072     
  current                                                                   
  Total current liabilities              598,052                569,768     
  Non-current liabilities:                                                  
  Long-term debt                       1,583,990              1,731,020     
  Operating lease                         71,755                 65,705     
  liabilities, non-current                                                  
  Other non-current                       59,032                152,048     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total liabilities                    2,312,829              2,518,541     
  Commitments and                                                           
  Contingencies (Note 5)                                                    
  Redeemable noncontrolling                  309                    160     
  interest                                                                  
  Stockholders’ equity                                                      
  (deficit):                                                                
  Convertible preferred                                                     
  stock, 109,090,908 and                                                    
  100,000,000 shares                                                        
  authorized, 109,090,908 and                                               
  nil shares                             399,589                      —     
  issued and outstanding as                                                 
  of December 31, 2020 and                                                  
  September 30, 2021,                                                       
  respectively                                                              
  Class A, Class B and Class                                                
  F common stock, $0.00003                                                  
  par value— 429,600,000                                                    
  (Class A                                                                  
  386,400,000, Class B nil,                                                 
  Class F 43,200,000) and                                                   
  1,700,000,000 (Class A                                                    
  1,500,000,000, Class B                                                    
  200,000,000, Class F nil)                                                 
  shares authorized,                           7                     11     
  226,364,401 (Class A                                                      
  183,800,251, Class B nil,                                                 
  Class F 42,564,150) and                                                   
  373,641,135                                                               
  (Class A 225,833,513, Class                                               
  B 147,807,622, Class F nil)                                               
  shares issued and                                                         
  outstanding as of December                                                
  31, 2020 and September 30,                                                
  2021, respectively                                                        
  Additional paid-in capital             453,655              3,084,928     
  Accumulated other                                                         
  comprehensive income                       604                (27,560  )  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Accumulated deficit                 (1,012,400  )          (1,008,320  )  
  Total stockholders’ equity            (158,545  )           2,049,059     
  (deficit)                                                                 
  Total liabilities,                                                        
  redeemable                                                                
  noncontrolling interest,       $     2,154,593       $      4,567,760     
  and                                                                       
  stockholders’ equity                                                      
  (deficit)                                                                 
                                                                            
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
financial statements. F-3

AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in
thousands, except for per share data) (unaudited)
                                                                            
                 Three                             Nine                     
                Months                           Months                     
                 Ended                            Ended                     
               Septem…                          Septem…                     
                   30,                              30,                     
                  2020            2021             2020            2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Reven…    $  381,740       $  726,9…       $  941,249       $  1,999…     
  Costs                                                                     
  and                                                                       
  expen…                                                                    
  Cost                                                                      
  of           163,060          254,0…          357,564          722,9…     
  reven…                                                                    
  Sales                                                                     
  and          153,014          285,2…          417,000          816,2…     
  marke…                                                                    
  Resea…                                                                    
  and           51,136          108,5…           99,950          246,8…     
  devel…                                                                    
  Gener…                                                                    
  and           15,276          34,104           41,256          122,1…     
  admin…                                                                    
  Lease                                                                     
  modif…                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  aband…             —               —            7,851               —     
  of                                                                        
  lease…                                                                    
  impro…                                                                    
  Extin…                                                                    
  of                                                                        
  acqui…        74,712               —           74,712               —     
  conti…                                                                    
  consi…                                                                    
  Total                                                                     
  costs        457,198          681,9…          998,333          1,908…     
  and                                                                       
  expen…                                                                    
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)       (75,458  )       45,048          (57,084  )       91,491     
  from                                                                      
  opera…                                                                    
  Other                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  (expe…                                                                    
  Inter…                                                                    
  expen…                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  loss         (20,110  )       (18,7…  )       (57,548  )       (72,7…  )  
  on                                                                        
  settl…                                                                    
  of                                                                        
  debt                                                                      
  Other                                                                     
  income         1,169          (9,217  )         5,347            (997  )  
  (expe…                                                                    
  net                                                                       
  Total                                                                     
  other        (18,941  )       (27,9…  )       (52,201  )       (73,7…  )  
  expen…                                                                    
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  before       (94,399  )       17,075          (109,2…  )       17,698     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Provi…                                                                    
  for                                                                       
  (bene…        (4,485  )       16,933           (2,324  )       13,767     
  from)                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net                                                                       
  income       (89,914  )          142          (106,9…  )        3,931     
  (loss)                                                                    
  Add:                                                                      
  Net                                                                       
  loss                                                                      
  attri…           226              36              546             149     
  to                                                                        
  nonco…                                                                    
  inter…                                                                    
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)       (89,688  )          178          (106,4…  )        4,080     
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  AppLo…                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  attri…             —              (1  )             —            (568  )  
  to                                                                        
  parti…                                                                    
  secur…                                                                    
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  attri…       (89,688  )          177          (106,4…  )        3,512     
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock…                                                                    
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  attri…    $  (89,688  )    $     177       $  (106,4…  )    $   3,539     
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock…                                                                    
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share                                                                     
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock…                                                                    
  Basic     $    (0.42  )    $    0.00       $    (0.50  )    $    0.01     
  Dilut…    $    (0.42  )    $    0.00       $    (0.50  )    $    0.01     
  Weigh…                                                                    
  avera…                                                                    
  common                                                                    
  shares                                                                    
  used                                                                      
  to                                                                        
  compu…                                                                    
  net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share                                                                     
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock…                                                                    
  Basic        214,63…          368,4…          212,99…          309,3…     
  Dilut…       214,63…          384,3…          212,99…          327,4…     
                                                                            
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
financial statements. F-4

AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss
(in thousands) (unaudited)
                                                                            
                 Three                             Nine                     
                Months                           Months                     
                 Ended                            Ended                     
               Septem…                          Septem…                     
                   30,                              30,                     
                  2020            2021             2020            2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net                                                                       
  income    $  (89,914  )    $     142       $  (106,9…  )    $   3,931     
  (loss)                                                                    
  Other                                                                     
  compr…                                                                    
  income                                                                    
  (loss…                                                                    
  net                                                                       
  of                                                                        
  tax:                                                                      
                                                                            
  Forei…                                                                    
  curre…                                                                    
  trans…                                                                    
  gain                                                                      
  (loss…                                                                    
  net of                                                                    
  tax                                                                       
  effect                                                                    
  of                                                                        
  $5.4                                                                      
  milli…                                                                    
  and              218          (18,2…  )           278          (28,1…  )  
  $8.0                                                                      
  milli…                                                                    
  for                                                                       
  the                                                                       
  three                                                                     
  and                                                                       
  nine                                                                      
  months                                                                    
  ended                                                                     
  Septe…                                                                    
  30,                                                                       
  2021                                                                      
  Inter…                                                                    
  rate                                                                      
  swap                                                                      
  gain,                                                                     
  net of                                                                    
  tax                                                                       
  effect                                                                    
  of                                                                        
  $1.5                                                                      
  milli…                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  $2.5           4,338               —            4,926               —     
  milli…                                                                    
  for                                                                       
  the                                                                       
  three                                                                     
  and                                                                       
  nine                                                                      
  months                                                                    
  ended                                                                     
  Septe…                                                                    
  30,                                                                       
  2020                                                                      
  Total                                                                     
  other                                                                     
  compr…         4,556          (18,2…  )         5,204          (28,1…  )  
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  Add:                                                                      
  Net                                                                       
  loss                                                                      
  attri…           226              36              546             149     
  to                                                                        
  nonco…                                                                    
  inter…                                                                    
  Total                                                                     
  compr…                                                                    
  loss      $  (85,132  )    $  (18,0…  )    $  (101,2…  )    $  (24,0…  )  
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  AppLo…                                                                    
                                                                            
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
financial statements. F-5

AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable
Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) (in thousands,
except share data) (unaudited)
                                                                            
                          …                                                 
                          …                                                 
                          …                                                 
                          B                                                 
                          …                                                 
                          …                         …                       
                          F                         …                  …    
                          …                         …                  …    
                          …                         …                  …    
                          …                         …                  …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
     $             $      …      $      $           …      $    )      …    
                          …                         —                  …    
                          …                         —                  —    
                          …                  )      —                  …    
                          —                         —                  …    
                          —                         …                  …    
                          —                         —                  …    
                          …                         …           )      …    
                          …                         —                  …    
                          …                  )      —                  …    
                          —                         —                  …    
                          —                         —                  …    
                          —                         —                  —    
                          —                         —                  …    
                          —                         …                  …    
          )               —                         —           )      …    
                          …                         …           )      …    
                          …                         —                  …    
                          …                         —                  …    
                          —                         —                  …    
                          —                         …                  …    
          )               —                         —           )      …    
     $             $      …      $      $           …      $    )      …    
                                                                            
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
financial statements. F-6

AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable
Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) (in thousands,
except share data) (unaudited)
                                                                            
                                                    …                       
                                                    …                  …    
                                             …      …                  …    
                                             …      …                  …    
                                             …      …                  …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   $                  7      …      …      $    )      …    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                               )      —      —      —                  —    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                                      —      —      …                  …    
                                      —      —      —           )      …    
                                      7      …      …           )      …    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                                      —      —      —                  —    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                                      —      —      —                  —    
                                      1      …      —                  …    
                        )             3      …      —                  —    
                               )      —      —      —                  —    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                                      —      —      …                  …    
                                      —      —      —                  …    
                                      …      …      …           )      …    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                                      —      …      —                  …    
                                      —      —      …                  …    
                                      —      —      —                  …    
                   $                  …      …      …      $    )      …    
                                                                            
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
financial statements F-7

AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in
thousands) (unaudited)
                                                                            
                                  Nine Months Ended                         
                                      September 30,                         
  Operating Activities                         2020                2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)            $           (106,961  )    $       3,931     
  Adjustments to reconcile                                                  
  net income                                                                
  (loss) to operating                                                       
  activities:                                                               
  Amortization,                                                             
  depreciation and                          157,223             315,409     
  write-offs                                                                
  Amortization of debt                                                      
  issuance costs and                          5,753               8,980     
  discount                                                                  
  Stock-based compensation                   19,362              91,828     
  Change in operating                         4,375              18,199     
  right-of-use asset                                                        
  Lease modification and                                                    
  abandonment of                              7,851                   —     
  leasehold improvements                                                    
  Loss on extinguishments                                                   
  of acquisition                             74,712                   —     
  related contingent                                                        
  consideration                                                             
  Change in fair value of                                                   
  contingent                                      —                (230  )  
  consideration                                                             
  Loss on settlement of                           —              16,852     
  debt                                                                      
  Net unrealized gains on                                                   
  fair value                                 (4,400  )           (9,305  )  
  remeasurement of                                                          
  financial instruments                                                     
  Net (gain) loss on                                                        
  foreign currency                            1,304              (4,080  )  
  remeasurement                                                             
  Changes in operating                                                      
  assets and                                                                
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts receivable                       (27,062  )          (99,999  )  
  Prepaid expenses and                                                      
  other current                             (32,515  )         (107,461  )  
  assets                                                                    
  Other assets                                2,572               7,729     
  Accounts payable                           (4,205  )           49,345     
  Operating lease                            (3,674  )          (18,270  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Accrued and other                          (2,389  )           11,211     
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred revenue                           30,780              (7,303  )  
  Net cash provided by                                                      
  operating                                 122,726             276,836     
  activities                                                                
  Investing Activities                                                      
  Purchase of property and                   (2,842  )             (962  )  
  equipment                                                                 
  Acquisitions, net of cash                (559,080  )       (1,198,789  )  
  acquired                                                                  
  Purchase of                                                               
  non-marketable                             (1,500  )          (15,000  )  
  investments                                                               
  and other                                                                 
  Proceeds from other                             —              11,358     
  investing activities                                                      
  Capitalized software                            —              (2,859  )  
  development costs                                                         
  Net cash used in                         (563,422  )       (1,206,252  )  
  investing activities                                                      
  Financing Activities                                                      
  Proceeds from issuance of                                                 
  common stock in initial                                                   
  public offering, net of                         —           1,745,228     
  issuance costs as                                                         
  adjusted for                                                              
  cost reimbursement                                                        
  Proceeds from debt                                                        
  issuance, net of                          331,346             844,729     
  issuance costs                                                            
  Payments of debt                          (60,493  )         (711,482  )  
  principal                                                                 
  Payments of finance                        (7,342  )           (9,690  )  
  leases                                                                    
  Proceeds from exercise of                   1,104              25,486     
  stock options                                                             
  Payments of deferred                      (14,442  )         (231,664  )  
  acquisition costs                                                         
  Repurchases of common                      (1,766  )                —     
  stock                                                                     
  Payments of deferred IPO                     (220  )                —     
  costs                                                                     
  Net cash provided by                                                      
  financing                                 248,187           1,662,607     
  activities                                                                
  Effect of foreign                                                         
  exchange rate on cash                          65                (809  )  
  and cash equivalents                                                      
  Net increase (decrease)                                                   
  in cash and cash                         (192,444  )          732,382     
  equivalents                                                               
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                 
  at beginning                              396,247             317,235     
  of the period                                                             
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                 
  at end of the                $            203,803       $   1,049,617     
  period                                                                    
                                                                            
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
financial statements. F-8

AppLovin Corporation Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(continued) (in thousands) (unaudited)
                                                                            
  Supplemental non-cash investing          Nine Months Ended                
  and financing activities                     September 30,                
  disclosures:                                          2020          2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Issuance of convertible security                                          
  related                               $                  —    $  342,170  
  to acquisitions                                                           
  Acquisitions not yet paid             $             16,073    $   74,347  
  Settlement of convertible security    $                  —    $   25,000  
  through issuance of common stock                                          
  Assets acquired under finance         $              5,459    $   12,584  
  leases                                                                    
  Right of use assets acquired under    $              6,937    $    3,508  
  operating leases                                                          
  Settlement of bonus compensation                                          
  through                               $                  —    $    2,503  
  issuance of common stock                                                  
  Acquisitions of business through                                          
  issuance of common stock and          $             38,167    $        —  
  common                                                                    
  stock warrants                                                            
  Settlement of contingent                                                  
  consideration                         $             31,422    $        —  
  through issuance of common stock                                          
  Deferred IPO costs not yet paid       $                530    $        —  
  Supplemental disclosure of cash                                           
  flow                                                                      
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for income taxes            $             12,362    $   72,182  
  Cash paid for interest on debt        $             44,687    $   47,021  
                                                                            
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated
financial statements. F-9

AppLovin Corporation

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

(unaudited)

1. Description of Business and Principles of Consolidation

Description of Business

AppLovin Corporation (the “Company” or “AppLovin”) was incorporated in the
state
of Delaware on July 18, 2011. The Company is a leader in the mobile app
industry with a focus on building a software-based platform for mobile app
developers to improve the marketing and monetization of their apps. The
Company
also has a globally diversified portfolio of apps—free-to-play mobile games
that it operates through its own or partner studios.

The Company’s operations are headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has
several operating locations in the U.S. as well as
various international office locations in North America, Asia and Europe.

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”) and applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) for interim financial reporting.
Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or
omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Therefore, the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the audited
consolidated financial statements and notes included in the Company’s final
prospectus related to its initial public offering (“IPO”) dated April 14,
2021 and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act
of
1933, as amended. The condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2020 was derived from the audited consolidated financial
statements at that date but does not include all disclosures required by
GAAP. The accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that are, in
the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the
Company’s financial position,
results of operations, cash flows and stockholders’ equity for the interim
periods presented. The results of operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2021 shown in this report are not necessarily indicative
of the
results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2021 or any
other period.

Principles of Consolidation

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the
accounts of AppLovin Corporation and its subsidiaries in which the
Company has a controlling financial interest. In accordance with the
provisions of Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810, Consolidation,
the Company consolidates any variable interest entity (“VIE”) of which the
Company
is the primary beneficiary. The Company engages in business relationships
with certain entities in the ordinary course of business to develop game
Apps. The typical condition for a controlling financial interest ownership
is holding a majority of
the voting interests of an entity; however, a controlling financial interest
may also exist in entities, such as VIEs, through arrangements that do not
involve controlling voting interests. ASC 810 requires a variable interest
holder to consolidate
a VIE if that party has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that
most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and the obligation
to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE
or the right to
receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the
VIE. The Company does not

F-10

consolidate a VIE in which it has a majority ownership interest when the
Company is not considered the primary beneficiary. The Company evaluates its
relationships with all VIEs on an ongoing
basis. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon
consolidation.

Initial Public Offering and Capital Structure Change

The Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 (the
“IPO Registration Statement”) related to its IPO was declared effective on
April 14, 2021, and the Company’s Class A common stock began trading on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market on April 15, 2021. On April 19,
2021, the Company completed its IPO, in which the Company sold 22,500,000
shares of Class A common stock at price to the public of $80.00 per share.
The Company received aggregate net proceeds of $1.75 billion after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $47.2 million and
offering expenses of $7.9 million subject to certain cost reimbursements.
KKR Capital Markets LLC was an underwriter for the IPO and is an
affiliate of KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”), who is a principal
stockholder of the Company. The Company used $400.0 million of the net
proceeds from the IPO to repay the entire outstanding amount under the
revolving credit
facility (See Note 8). KKR Capital Markets LLC is a lender under the
revolving credit facility and an affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal
stockholder of the Company.

Following the effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement, the Company
filed its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
which became effective immediately prior to the closing of the IPO (the “IPO
Certificate”). The IPO Certificate authorizes a total of 1,500,000,000
shares of Class A common stock, 200,000,000 shares of Class B
common stock, 150,000,000 shares of Class C common stock, and 100,000,000
shares of preferred stock. Upon the filing and effectiveness of the IPO
Certificate, all shares of Class F common
stock and Series A convertible preferred stock then outstanding
automatically converted into the equivalent number of shares of Class A
common stock, respectively (the “Capital Stock Conversions”). Following the
Capital
Stock Conversions and immediately prior to the completion of the IPO, a
total of 150,307,622 shares of Class A common stock held by Adam Foroughi,
the Company’s co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, the Company’s
President and Chief Financial Officer, and a member of the Company’s board
of directors; and KKR
Denali (collectively with certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders) were
exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock
pursuant to the terms of certain exchange agreements. Following the closing
of the IPO,
the Company had two classes of outstanding common stock: Class A common
stock and Class B common stock. No shares of the Company’s Class C common
stock or preferred stock were issued and outstanding as of September 30,
2021.

The rights of the holders of all classes of stock pursuant to the IPO
Certificate are as follows:

Common Stock

The rights of the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and
Class C common stock (referred to together as
the “common stock”) are identical, except with respect to voting and
conversion.

Voting Rights

Holders of the Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders,
holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to 20 votes for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, and holders of the
Class C common stock are not entitled to vote on any matter that is
submitted to a vote
of stockholders, except as otherwise required by law. The holders of the
Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single
class, unless otherwise required by law. Under the IPO Certificate, approval

F-11

of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of the Class
B common stock voting as a separate class will be required to increase the
number of authorized shares of the Class B common stock. In addition,
Delaware law could require either holders of the Class A common stock, the
Class B common stock, or the Class C common stock to vote separately as a
single class in the following circumstances:
                                                                            
       if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate to          
  •    increase or decrease the par value of a class of stock, then         
       that class would be required to vote separately to approve the       
       proposed amendment; and                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate in a        
       manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or             
  •    special rights of a class of stock in a manner that affected its     
       holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote         
       separately to approve the proposed amendment.                        
                                                                            
Until the date on which the final conversion of all outstanding shares of
Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of the IPO Certificate occurs,
approval of at least two-thirds ofthe outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock voting as a separate class will be required to amend or
modify any provision of the IPO Certificate inconsistent with, or otherwise
alter, any provision of the IPO Certificate to modify the voting,
conversion, or other rights, powers, preferences, privileges, or
restrictions of the Company’s Class B common stock. Upon the closing of the
IPO, the Class B Stockholders held all of the issued and outstanding shares
of the Company’s Class B common stock. The Class B Stockholders have entered
into a voting agreement (the “Voting Agreement”) whereby all Class B common
stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective permitted
entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr.
Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi).
Dividend Rights Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of
preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of the Company’s common
stock will be entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available
if the Company’s board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue
dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the Company’s
board of directors may determine. No Preemptive or Similar Rights The
Company’s common stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights, and is not
subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Right to
Receive Liquidation Distributions If the Company becomes subject to a
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, theassets legally available for
distribution to the Company’s stockholders would be distributable ratably
among the holders of the Company’s common stock and any participating
preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of
all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the
payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of
preferred stock. Conversion of Class B Common Stock Each share of Class B
common stock will be convertible at any time at the option of the holder
into one share of Class A common stock. Following the closing of the IPO,
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of
Class A common stock upon sale or transfer except for F-12

certain transfers described in the IPO Certificate, including transfers for
estate planning, transfers among KKR Denali and its affiliates, or other
transfers among the Class B Stockholders.
Withdrawal from the Voting Agreement constitutes a transfer.

Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically
into one share of Class A common stock upon the date fixed by the Company’s
board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more than 180 days
following the date on which (i) the Voting Agreement is terminated or (ii)
Adam
Foroughi is no longer involved with the Company as a member of the board of
directors or as an executive officer.

Conversion of Class C Common Stock

After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock into
shares of Class A common stock, all outstanding shares of Class C common
stock will convert automatically into Class A common stock, on
a share-for-share basis, on the date or time specified by the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, voting as a
separate class.

Preferred Stock

The Company’s IPO Certificate also authorizes the issuance of undesignated
preferred stock with rights and preferences, including
voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of directors.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Revenue from Contracts with Customers

The Company generates Business and Consumer revenue. Business Revenue
includes fees paid by mobile app advertisers that use the
Company’s software platform (“Software Platform”), and revenue generated
from the sale of digital advertising inventory of the Company’s apps
(“Apps”). Consumer Revenue consists of
mobile in-app purchases (“IAPs”) made by users within Apps.

Business Revenue

The Software Platform provides the technology to match advertisers and
third-party owners of digital advertising inventory
(“Publishers”) via auctions at large scale and microsecond-level speeds. The
pricing and terms for all mobile advertising arrangements are governed by
the Company’s terms and conditions and generally stipulate payment terms of
30 days
subsequent to the end of the month. The contract is fully cancellable at any
time.

For Business Revenue generated through placement
of advertisements on mobile applications owned by Publishers, the Company’s
performance obligation is to provide an advertiser with access to the
Software Platform which facilitates the advertiser’s purchase of advertising
inventory from
Publishers. The Company does not control the advertising inventory prior to
its transfer to the advertiser, the Company’s customer, because the Company
does not have the substantive ability to direct the use of, nor obtain
substantially all of
the remaining benefits from the advertising inventory. The Company is not
primarily responsible for fulfillment and does not have any inventory risk.
The Company is an agent as it relates to the sale of third-party advertising
inventory and presents
revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the product of either the
number of completions of agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed and
the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser
less consideration
paid or payable to Publishers.

F-13

Advertisers purchase Apps advertising inventory either through the Software
Platform
or through third-party advertising networks (“Ad Networks”). Revenue from
the sale of advertising inventory through Ad Networks is recognized net of
the amounts retained by Ad Networks as the Company is unable to determine
the gross amount
paid by the advertisers to Ad Networks.

The Company recognizes mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon
action is completed
or when the ad is displayed to users, depending on the agreed upon pricing
mechanism with an advertiser or Ad Network. The number of advertisements
delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is determined at the end of
each month, which
resolves any uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting
period.

Consumer Revenue

IAPs include fees collected from users for the purchase of virtual goods to
enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance
obligation is to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold
virtual items over the estimated period of time the virtual items are
available to the user or until the virtual item is consumed. The Company
categorizes its virtual goods as
either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent goods that
can be consumed by a specific player action in gameplay; accordingly, the
Company recognizes revenue from the sale of consumable virtual goods as the
goods are consumed and
the Company’s performance obligation is satisfied. Durable virtual goods
represent goods that are accessible to the user over an extended period of
time; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable
virtual goods ratably
over the period of time the goods are available to the user and the
Company’s performance obligation is satisfied, which is generally the
estimated average user life (“EAUL”). Payment is required at the time of
purchase and the
purchase price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs through the Company’s
distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the gross amount
charged to users because the Company is the principal in the transaction.
IAPs fees are non-refundable. Such payments are initially recorded to
deferred revenue.

The EAUL
represents the Company’s best estimate of the expected life of paying users
for the applicable game. The EAUL begins when a user makes a first purchase
of durable virtual goods and ends when a user is determined to be inactive.
The Company
determines the EAUL on a game-by-game basis. For a newly launched game that
has limited playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the EAUL
of a
game that has sufficiently similar characteristics. The Company determines
the EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such calculated EAUL to all
bookings in the respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is subjective and
requires management’s
judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical playing
patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future. The EAULs are
generally between six and nine months.

The Company presents taxes collected from customers and remitted to
governmental authorities on a net basis.

Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations

The Company performs an initial test to determine whether substantially all
of the fair value of the gross assets transferred are
concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar
identifiable assets, such that the acquisition would not represent a
business. If that test suggests that the set of assets and activities is a
business, the Company then performs a
second test to evaluate whether the assets and activities transferred
include inputs and substantive processes that together, significantly
contribute to the ability to create outputs, which would constitute a
business. If the result of the second
test suggests that the acquired assets and activities constitute a business,
the Company accounts for the transaction as a business combination.

F-14

For transactions accounted for as business combinations, the Company
allocates the
fair value of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired,
liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated
fair values. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of any
promised contingent
consideration. The excess of the fair value of acquisition consideration
over the fair value of acquired identifiable assets and liabilities is
recorded as goodwill. Contingent consideration is remeasured to its fair
value each reporting period with
changes in the fair value of contingent consideration recorded in general
and administrative expenses. Such valuations require management to make
significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible
assets. Management’s
estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a
result, actual results may differ from estimates. In certain circumstances,
the allocations of the excess
purchase price are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and
subject to revision when the Company receives final information, including
appraisals and other analyses. During the measurement period, which is one
year from the acquisition
date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the
conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are
recorded to earnings.
Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired on the basis
of relative fair values. The Company generally includes contingent
consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only when the uncertainty
is resolved. The Company
recognizes contingent consideration adjustments to the cost of the acquired
assets prospectively using the straight-line method over the remaining
useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset acquisitions.

Services and Development Agreements

The Company enters into strategic agreements with mobile gaming studios
(“Partner Studios”). The Company has historically
allowed these Partner Studios to continue their operations with a
significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, the Company bought Apps from
Partner Studios and entered into service and development agreements whereby
Partner Studios provide support
in improving existing Apps and developing new Apps. The substantial majority
of payments associated with service agreements for existing Apps are
expensed to research and development when the services are rendered as the
payments primarily relate to
developing enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps associated with
development agreements are generally made in connection with the development
of a particular App, and therefore, the Company is subject to development
risk prior to the
release of the App. Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion
of an App are generally expensed to research and development over the
development period as the services are incurred. Payments due after
completion of an App are generally
capitalized and expensed as cost of revenue. See Note 6, “Acquisitions” for
additional information.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted)

In August 2020, the FASB
issued ASU 2020-06,Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in
an Entity’s Own Equity, to simplify the accounting for certain financial
instruments with
characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments
and contracts on an entity’s own equity. The standard eliminates beneficial
conversion feature and cash conversion models resulting in more convertible
instruments
being accounted for as a single unit; and simplifies classification of debt
on the balance sheet and earnings per share calculation. These changes will
become effective for the Company on January 1, 2022. The Company is
currently evaluating the
potential impact of these changes.

F-15

In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Issuer’s Accounting for Certain
Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call
Option.The ASU requires the issuers to account for modifications or
exchanges of freestanding equity-classified written call options that remain
equity classified after the modification or exchange based on the economic
substance of the modification or exchange. Under the guidance, an issuer
determines the accounting for the modification or exchange based on whether
the transaction was done to issue equity, to issue or modify debt, or for
other reasons. These changes will become effective for the Company on
January 1, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of
these changes. Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted) In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for
Income Taxes.The ASU impacts various topic areas within ASC 740, including
accounting for taxes under hybrid tax regimes, accounting for increases in
goodwill, allocation of tax amounts to separate company financial statements
within a group that files a consolidated tax return, intra period tax
allocation, interim period accounting, and accounting for ownership changes
in investments, among other minor codification improvements. The Company
adopted this ASU on January 1, 2021 with no material financial statement
impact upon adoption. In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-01,
Clarifying the Interactions between Investments—Equity Securities,
Investments—Equity Method and Joint Ventures, and Derivatives and
Hedging.This ASU clarifies the interaction among the accounting standards
for equity securities, equity method investments and certain derivatives.
The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2021 with no material financial
statement impact upon adoption. 3. Revenue Disaggregation of Revenue The
following table presents revenue disaggregated by type (in thousands):
                                                                            
                      Three                           Nine                  
                     Months                         Months                  
                      Ended                          Ended                  
                  September                      September                  
                        30,                            30,                  
                       2020          2021             2020            2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Business     $    132,583    $  156,208    $     327,915    $    475,394  
  Revenue—…                                                                 
  Business                                                                  
  Revenue—…          39,841       193,307          127,262         427,390  
  Platform                                                                  
  Total                                                                     
  Business          172,424       349,515          455,177         902,784  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Consumer          209,316       377,436          486,072       1,096,850  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Total        $    381,740    $  726,951    $     941,249    $  1,999,634  
  Revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location, consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                      Three                           Nine                  
                     Months                         Months                  
                      Ended                          Ended                  
                  September                      September                  
                        30,                            30,                  
                       2020          2021             2020            2021  
  United            234,430       437,501          586,330       1,209,846  
  States                                                                    
  Rest of           147,310       289,450          354,919         789,788  
  the World                                                                 
  Total        $    381,740    $  726,951    $     941,249    $  1,999,634  
  Revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
F-16

Contract Balances Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue and
include payments received in advance of the satisfaction of performance
obligations. During the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, the
Company recognized $44.0 million and $63.1 million of revenue that was
included in deferred revenue as of June 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, the Company
recognized $8.2 million and $86.9 million of revenue that was included in
deferred revenue as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 respectively. Unsatisfied
Performance Obligations All of the Company’s unsatisfied performance
obligations relate to contracts with an original expected length of one year
or less. 4. Fair Value Measurements The following table sets forth the
Company’s financial instruments that were measured at fair value by level
within the fair value hierarchy on a recurring basis as of the dates
indicated (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                         As of                              
                                       Decemb…                              
                                           31,                              
                                          2020                              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                         
            Sheet          Total       Level 1       Level 2       Level 3  
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset…                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $   6,413    $    6,413    $  —          $        —  
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
  Embed…    Long-t…        5,680             —       —               5,680  
  deriv…    debt                                                            
  Total                                                                     
  finan…               $  12,093    $    6,413    $  —          $    5,680  
  assets                                                                    
  Finan…                                                                    
  Liabi…                                                                    
            Deferr…                                                         
  Conve…    acquis…    $  46,500    $        —    $  —          $   46,500  
  secur…    costs,                                                          
            current                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                          As of                             
                                        Septem…                             
                                            30,                             
                                           2021                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                 Level   
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2       3       
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset…                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $  820,594    $  820,594    $  —          $  —       
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
            Prepaid                                                         
  Marke…    expens…                                                         
  equity    and             5,165         5,165                             
  secur…    other                                                           
            current                                                         
            assets                                                          
  Total                                                                     
  finan…               $  825,759    $  825,759    $  —          $  —       
  assets                                                                    
  Finan…                                                                    
  Liabi…                                                                    
            Deferr…                                                         
  Conve…    acquis…    $   25,000    $   25,000    $  —          $  —       
  secur…    costs,                                                          
            current                                                         
                                                                            
Convertible Security In November 2020, the Company issued a convertible
security as part of the consideration exchanged for certain mobile game Apps
acquired from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer (the
“Seller”). The Company elected to account for the convertible security using
the fair value option. Under the fair value option, the financial liability
is initially measured at its issue-date estimated fair value and
subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis at each
reporting period date. The fair value of the convertible security was
determined using the probability- F-17

weighted expected return method (“PWERM”). This valuation methodology is
based on unobservable estimates and judgements, and therefore is classified
as a Level 3 fair value
measurement. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of the convertible security is the expected timing of occurrence
of an IPO and a discount for lack of marketability derived based on the
remaining term of the lock up
period related to the Company’s Class A common stock into which the
convertible security is convertible. Fair value measurements are highly
sensitive to changes in this input and significant changes in this input
would result in a
significantly higher or lower fair value. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded a total loss of $1.0 million
and $3.5 million, respectively, in other income (expense), net in the
Company’s
condensed consolidated statements of operations due to the change in fair
value of the convertible security. The convertible security is recorded in
deferred acquisition costs, current, in the Company’s condensed consolidated
balance sheets. In
August 2021, the Seller elected to convert 50% of the convertible security
with a stated value of $20.0 million into 405,205 shares of the Company’s
Class A common stock at a conversion price of $49.4 per share. The lock-up
period to which the Class A common stock was subject expired during the
three-month period ended September 30, 2021. As such, the fair value of the
related convertible security was transferred from
Level 3 to Level 1.

Embedded Derivative

Loans issued under Company’s credit agreement with the lenders party thereto
and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for
the lenders (the “Credit Agreement”), contain certain interest adjustment
features which were determined to be an embedded derivative requiring
bifurcation and separate accounting as the features are not clearly and
closely related to the
host debt instrument. The embedded derivative was initially valued and
remeasured using the “with-and-without” method. The “with-and-without”
methodology involves valuing the whole instrument with and without the
embedded derivative using a discounted cash flow approach. The difference of
the estimated fair value
between the instrument with the embedded derivative and the instrument
without the embedded derivative is the fair value of the embedded
derivative. This valuation methodology is based on unobservable estimates
and judgements, and therefore is
classified as a Level 3 fair value measurement. The significant unobservable
input used in the fair value measurement of the embedded derivative is the
expected timing of occurrence of an IPO. Fair value measurements are highly
sensitive to
changes in these inputs and significant changes in these inputs would result
in a significantly higher or lower fair value. The initial fair value of the
embedded derivative was determined to be nominal for term loans issued prior
to 2021 and
$5.6 million for the term loans issued in February 2021, which was accounted
for as a reduction to the carrying amount of the term loans. After the
effectiveness of the IPO Registration Statement, the applicable margins for
both the Term Loans
and the Revolving Credit Loans were reduced by 0.25% on April 16, 2021 in
accordance with the pre-existing terms of the Credit Agreement. As a result,
the embedded derivative for the
contingent interest adjustment feature related to the term loans was
settled. The Company remeasured the embedded derivative to its fair value of
$17.8 million on the settlement date, and then reclassified it to the
carrying amount of the term
loans. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, the Company
recorded a total gain of nil and $7.6 million, respectively, in other income
(expense), net in the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of
operations
due to the change in fair value of the embedded derivative. There was no
gain or loss related to the change in fair value of the embedded derivative
during the same periods in 2020.

Marketable Equity Securities

The Company’s marketable equity securities consist entirely of its
investment in the ordinary shares of Huuuge, Inc., a
foreign-based independent mobile game developer, which completed its initial
public offering and became listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange in the first
quarter of 2021. The Company had carried the investment at cost in other
assets on the
Company’s consolidated balance

F-18

sheets in prior fiscal years. The cost basis of the investment was
immaterial. The fair value of the marketable equity securities was based on
the quoted market price of Huuuge, Inc.’s ordinary shares as of September
30, 2021, and therefore was classified as a Level 1 fair value measurement.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded
a total unrealized gain of $0.4 million and $5.2 million, respectively, in
other income (expense), net in the Company’s condensed consolidated
statements of operations as a result of remeasuring the investment to fair
value. The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company’s
financial asset and liability measured at fair value as of September 30,
2021 using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), and the change in fair
value (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          Embedded          Convertible     
                                        Derivative             Security     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of December 31, 2020    $       5,680       $       46,500     
  Addition related to the                                                   
  issuance of term                           5,630                    —     
  loans in February 2021                                                    
  Extinguishment of term loans in                                           
  February                                  (1,130  )                 —     
  2021                                                                      
  Change in fair value recognized                                           
  in                                         7,640                3,500     
  earnings                                                                  
  Settlements                              (17,820  )           (25,000  )  
  Transfers                                      —              (25,000  )  
  Balance as of September 30,        $           —       $            —     
  2021                                                                      
                                                                            
5. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments In May 2021, the Company
amended a certain agreement with a cloud service provider to increase the
aggregate spend commitment from $130.0 million to $300.0 million through May
2026. Contingencies From time to time, the Company may have certain
contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business
activities. The Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is
probable that future expenditures will be made, and such expenditures can be
reasonably estimated. Letters of Credit As of December 31, 2020 and
September 30, 2021 the Company had outstanding letters of credit in the
aggregate amount of $11.1 million, which were issued as security for certain
leased office facilities under the Credit Agreement. These letters of credit
have never been drawn upon. Legal Proceedings The Company is involved from
time to time in litigation, claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the
Company’s legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to
significant uncertainty. The Company records a liability when it is probable
that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If
it is determined that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of
loss can be estimated, the reasonably possible loss is disclosed. The
Company evaluates developments in legal matters that could affect the amount
of liability that has been previously accrued, and related reasonably
possible losses disclosed, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant
judgment is required to determine the likelihood of matters and the
estimated amount of losses related to such matters. To date, losses in
connection with legal proceedings have not been material. F-19

The Company expenses legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.
Indemnifications The Company enters into indemnification provisions under
agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including
certain customers, business partners, investors, contractors and the
Company’s officers, directors and certain employees. It is not possible to
determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provisions
due to the Company’s limited history of prior indemnification claims and the
unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To
date, losses recorded in the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of
operations in connection with the indemnification provisions have not been
material. As of September 30, 2021, the Company did not have any material
indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible. Non-income
Taxes The Company may be subject to audit by various tax authorities with
regard to non-income taxmatters. The subject matter of non-income taxaudits
primarily arises from different interpretations on tax treatment and tax
rates applied. The Company accrues liabilities for non-income taxesthat may
result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax
authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable, and the
expense is recorded as a reduction of revenue or to general and
administrative expenses depending on the nature of the liability. 6.
Acquisitions 2020 Acquisitions Business Combinations Geewa—On January 31,
2020, the Company acquired Geewa A.S. (“Geewa”), a privately held company
specializing in mobile gaming. The transaction expanded the Company’s Apps
portfolio and was accounted for as a business combination. The Company
purchased all of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of Geewa for a
total consideration of $25.6 million, of which $23.5 million was paid in
cash and the unpaid balance was attributed to a $2.1 million indemnity
holdback that was paid in January 2021. Transaction costs incurred by the
Company in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees,
were $0.3 million. The following table summarizes the fair value of
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                      $   1,043     
  Accounts receivable and other current         1,457     
  assets                                                  
  Intangible assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of 5 years        17,040     
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            260     
  years                                                   
  Developed Technology—estimated useful           590     
  life of 2 years                                         
  Property, equipment and other tangible          369     
  assets                                                  
  Goodwill                                      9,805     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities        (4,935  )  
  and other liabilities                                   
  Total purchase consideration              $  25,629     
                                                          
F-20

The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date
and is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected
synergies at the time of the acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax
purposes. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because
the effect of the acquisition was not material to the condensed consolidated
statements of operations. Redemption Games—On April 6, 2020, the Company
acquired Redemption Games, Inc. (“Redemption Games”), a privately held
company specializing in mobile gaming. The transaction expanded the
Company’s Apps portfolio and was accounted for as a business combination. As
part of the transaction, the Company purchased 95.5% of the outstanding
shares of the capital stock of Redemption Games for an aggregate total
consideration of $53.7 million. Based on the consideration paid and the
percent acquired, the transaction implied a total value for Redemption of
$56.2 million. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with
the acquisition, including professional fees, were $0.6 million. In November
2020, the Company increased its ownership in Redemption Games to 98.2% by
exchanging 2.7% of minority shares for the Company’s Class A common stock.
The difference between the $4.5 million in fair value of the Class A common
stock issued and the $1.5 million in fair value of the minority shares was
recognized as stock-based compensation in research and development expenses.
The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                     $    2,787     
  Accounts receivable, net                      1,850     
  Intangible assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of 5 years        44,000     
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            900     
  years                                                   
  Goodwill                                     20,198     
  Other tangible assets                           131     
  Accounts payable                             (2,492  )  
  Other liabilities                           (11,142  )  
  Total valuation                              56,232     
  Redeemable noncontrolling interest           (2,556  )  
  Total purchase consideration             $   53,676     
                                                          
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date
and is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce and expected
synergies at the time of the acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax
purposes. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because
the effect of the acquisition was not material. Machine Zone, Inc.—On May
19, 2020, the Company acquired Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone”), a
privately held company specializing in mobile gaming. The transaction
expanded the Company’s Apps portfolio and was accounted for as a business
combination. The Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of Machine Zone and settled all Machine Zone debt for an
aggregate acquisition price of $328.6 million comprising $287.1 million cash
paid to Machine Zone F-21

lenders, common stock warrants issued to Machine Zone lenders and preferred
stockholders with the aggregate fair value of $38.2 million and a settlement
of the preexisting accounts receivable balance of $3.3 million. Transaction
costs incurred by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including
professional fees, were $2.8 million. The Company also assumed an
intellectual property license agreement with a third-party game content
provider that was included in the Machine Zone acquisition. The term of the
intellectual property license agreement is set to expire in December 2021
with the option to renew for additional terms by the mutual agreement of the
parties. The remaining future fixed payments under the intellectual property
license agreement as of the date of the Machine Zone acquisition amounted to
$37.1 million. The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                             
  Cash                                       $    37,767     
  Accounts receivable and other current           27,284     
  assets                                                     
  Intangible assets                                          
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 10           13,000     
  years                                                      
  Apps—estimated useful life of 3—5 years        272,000     
  Intellectual property license—useful            28,551     
  life of 2 years                                            
  Goodwill                                        82,353     
  Right-of-use assets under                      125,639     
  operating leases                                           
  Property, equipment and other tangible          42,312     
  assets                                                     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities          (81,591  )  
  and other liabilities                                      
  Deferred revenue                               (43,200  )  
  License obligation                             (35,685  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                   (139,875  )  
  Total purchase consideration               $   328,555     
                                                             
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename. The
replacement cost approach was used to value the intellectual property
license asset. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the
fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date and is primarily attributable to the assembled workforce
and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition. Goodwill is
deductible for tax purposes. Contemporaneously with the closing of the
acquisition, the Company exited from one of Machine Zone’s real estate
leases. The Company accounted for this lease termination as a transaction
separate from the business combination since the lease termination was
negotiated primarily for the benefit of the combined entity; the Company was
the party who directly negotiated this lease amendment with the lessor; and
such negotiation took place contemporaneously with the negotiation of the
business combination. The Company decreased the operating lease right-of-
useasset and operating lease liability by $57.6 million and $63.1 million,
respectively. The Company also wrote-off$15.0 million of leasehold
improvements and other assets related to this real estate lease. In
connection with this transaction, the Company issued a common stock warrant
with the fair value of $0.4 million. The Company’s consolidated statements
of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 includes Machine
Zone’s revenue of $64.2 million and pretax loss of $66.2 million for the
period from the acquisition date of May 19, 2020 to September 30, 2020. See
Pro forma results of operations below under “Supplemental Pro Forma
Information”. F-22

Asset Acquisitions

Zenlife asset acquisition—In June 2020, the Company acquired certain mobile
Apps from an independent foreign-based mobile
game developer in exchange for an upfront cash consideration of $160.0
million and future earn-out payments for each of the four years from the
date of the transaction based on the excess, if any, of
revenue generated by the initially acquired mobile App for such year above
the sum of (i) an annual fixed baseline revenue and (ii) the aggregate earn-
out payments made in prior years. The
transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $173.3 million
allocated to the acquired mobile Apps and $13.3 million to deferred tax
liability. The recorded value of acquired mobile Apps is amortized over five
years.
Additionally, the Company entered into a service and development agreement
with the independent mobile game developer to support the initially acquired
mobile Apps as well as to develop new mobile Apps during the four-year term
of the agreement. The
Company is also required to make future earn-out payments for newly
developed mobile Apps determined under the similar approach as for the
initially acquired mobile Apps.

In March and April 2020, the Company completed two asset acquisitions to
acquire two mobile Apps from two separate independent
foreign-based mobile game developers in exchange for an aggregate upfront
cash consideration of $35.0 million and future earn-out payments. Both
transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions with
$35.0 million allocated to the acquired mobile Apps, which will be amortized
over three and five years. Additionally, the Company entered into service
and development agreements with the independent mobile game developers to
support the
initially acquired mobile Apps as well as to develop new mobile Apps. With
respect to the first asset acquisition, future earn-out payments are based
on a predetermined percentage of revenue net of certain
direct costs generated by the initially acquired mobile App, or additional
mobile Apps developed under the service and development agreement, over the
term of the agreement, which is initially two years, but which may renew for
an additional two-year term. With respect to the second asset acquisition,
future earn-out payments for each of the four years from the date of the
transaction are based on (i)(a) the
revenue generated by the initially acquired mobile App and any additional
mobile Apps developed under the service and development agreement over the
term of four years in excess of (b) a baseline revenue threshold, multiplied
by
(ii) tiered revenue multiples, up to a cumulative amount of $45.0 million.

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2020, the Company recognized total earn-out costs of $12.4
million and $26.1 million, respectively, related to all acquired mobile
Apps. These earn-out costs increased the book value of the acquired mobile
Apps, and are amortized over the remaining useful life of the originally
acquired mobile Apps.

Modification of asset acquisition-related contingent consideration—In
September 2020, the Company amended the terms of an
asset acquisition to settle the acquisition holdback and the earn-out due to
the sellers 12 months following the acquisition’s closing in 2019. Under the
terms of the amendment, the Company agreed to
settle a $34.8 million liability related to an acquisition holdback and
earn-out, with a combination of a cash payment of $3.4 million and the
Company’s Class A common stock at the fair
value of $106.1 million as of the settlement date, resulting in a $74.7
million extinguishment loss of the acquisition-related contingent
consideration.

2021 Acquisitions

Business Combinations

On April 20, 2021, the Company acquired adjust GmbH (“Adjust”), a mobile
application tracking and
analytics company. The Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of
the capital stock of Adjust and settled all of Adjust’s debt for the stated
purchase consideration of $980.0 million, which was composed of $352.0
million
stated value of convertible securities convertible into a variable

F-23

number of shares of the Company’s Class A common stock at a variable
conversion price, $50.0 million of cash holdback, and remaining amount of
$578.0 million in cash consideration. The fair value of the convertible
securities and fair value of the cash holdback are estimated to be $342.2
million and $47.6 million, respectively. As such, the fair value of the
acquisition consideration is determined to be $967.8 million. The
transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Software solutions and has
been accounted for as a business combination. Transaction costs incurred by
the Company in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees,
were $3.1 million. The following table summarizes the preliminary allocation
of the purchase consideration to the fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                            
  Cash and cash equivalents                  $   12,155     
  Accounts receivable and other current          21,840     
  assets                                                    
  Intangible assets                                         
  Customer Relationships—estimated useful       155,000     
  life of 12 years                                          
  Developed Technology—estimated useful          77,000     
  life of 6 years                                           
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            8,000     
  years                                                     
  Goodwill                                      776,147     
  Operating lease right-of-use                    8,130     
  assets                                                    
  Property and equipment, net                     1,897     
  Finance lease right-of-use                     43,156     
  assets                                                    
  Other assets                                    3,191     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities         (15,540  )  
  and other current liabilities                             
  Deferred revenue                               (5,600  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                    (8,130  )  
  Finance lease liabilities                     (43,156  )  
  Deferred income tax liability                 (66,273  )  
  Total purchase consideration               $  967,817     
                                                            
The fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are
based on management’s best estimates and assumptions as of the reporting
date. The Company has completed a preliminary valuation and expects to
finalize it as soon as practical, but no later than one year from the
acquisition date. The income approach was used to determine the preliminary
fair value of the customer relationships, developed technology and
tradename. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the
preliminary fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at the acquisition date and is primarily attributable to the
assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition.
For tax purposes, an estimated tax deductible goodwill of $692.5 million was
generated as a result of this acquisition. The Company’s condensed
consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30,
2021 includes Adjust’s revenue of $49.4 million and pretax loss of $29.6
million for the period from the acquisition date of April 20, 2021 to
September 30, 2021. See Pro forma results of operations below under
“Supplemental Pro Forma Information”. In May 2021, the convertible
securities were converted into 6,320,688 shares of the Company’s Class A
common stock. As a result, the fair value of the convertible securities was
reclassified into the stockholders’ equity. F-24

Asset Acquisitions

In April 2021, the Company completed two separate transactions to acquire
certain mobile Apps from two foreign-based independent mobile
game developers in exchange for an aggregate upfront cash consideration of
$300.0 million and potential future earn-out payments. The Company incurred
a total transaction cost of $6.0 million related
to these transactions. Both transactions were accounted for as asset
acquisitions with $306.0 million allocated to the acquired mobile Apps,
which will be amortized over approximately eight years. Concurrent with the
closings of these
transactions, the Company entered into a development services agreement with
each of the independent mobile game developers to support the acquired
mobile Apps, as well as to develop new mobile Apps during the four-year term
of the agreement. With
respect to the first transaction, the potential future earn-out payments are
contingent on the revenue generated by the acquired mobile Apps exceeding a
certain revenue threshold, which will be measured and
payable (if applicable) each year for four years from the date of the
transaction. With respect to the second transaction, the potential future
earn-out payments will be determined in a manner similar to the
first transaction, in addition to a potential one-time earn-out payment of
$50.0 million contingent on the achievement of a certain monthly revenue
milestone within
the four years following the date of the transaction.

In June 2021, the Company acquired certain mobile Apps from a foreign-based
independent mobile game developer in exchange for an upfront cash
consideration of $130.0 million and future earn-out payments. The Company
incurred a total transaction cost of $4.0 million related
to the transaction. The transaction was accounted for as an asset
acquisition with $134.0 million allocated to the acquired mobile Apps, which
will be amortized over nine years. Concurrent with the closing of the
transaction, the Company
entered into a development services agreement with the independent mobile
game developer to support the acquired mobile Apps, as well as to develop
new mobile Apps during the four-year term of the agreement. With respect to
all initially acquired
mobile Apps, the potential future earn-out payments are contingent on the
revenue and/or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization (“EBITDA”) generated by the acquired mobile
Apps exceeding certain thresholds.

In August 2021, the Company acquired certain mobile Apps from a foreign-
based independent mobile
game developer in exchange for a total cash consideration of $150.0 million.
The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $150.0
million allocated to the acquired mobile Apps, which will be amortized over
6 years.

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, the Company also
completed a number of other asset acquisitions for an
aggregate upfront cash consideration of $28.8 million and $36.8 million,
respectively, as well as potential future earn-out payments that are
contingent on the revenue and/or profit generated by the
acquired mobile Apps.

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, the Company
recognized total earn-out costs of $9.9 million and $97.5 million,
respectively, of which $0.7 million and $68.6 million were related to an
asset acquisition closed in 2020. These earn-out costs increased the book
value of the acquired mobile Apps, and are amortized over the remaining
useful life of the originally acquired mobile Apps.

In January 2021 the Company paid $60.0 million to Recoded, an independent
foreign-based mobile game developer, in relation to a new
mobile App acquired in 2020. In February 2021, the Company paid an
additional $90.0 million to Recoded related to deferred cash consideration
for the acquisition that closed in 2019.

F-25

Supplemental Pro Forma Information The unaudited supplemental pro forma
information below presents the combined historical results of operations of
the Company, Machine Zone and Adjust for each of the periods presented as if
Adjust had been acquired as of January 1, 2020 and Machine Zone had been
acquired as of January 1, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                 Three                              Nine                    
                Months                            Months                    
                 Ended                             Ended                    
               Septem…                           Septem…                    
                   30,                               30,                    
                  2020             2021             2020              2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Reven…    $  429,062       $  727,633       $  1,156,…       $  2,034,9…  
  Net                                                                       
  income       (102,9…  )           (51  )       (230,7…  )          3,963  
  (loss)                                                                    
                                                                            
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information above include the following
adjustments to net income (loss) in the appropriate pro forma periods (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                  Three                            Nine                     
                 Months                          Months                     
                  Ended                           Ended                     
                Septem…                        Septemb…                     
                    30,                             30,                     
                   2020          2021              2020            2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  An                                                                        
  (incre…                                                                   
  in                                                                        
  amorti…                                                                   
  expense                                                                   
  related                                                                   
  to the                                                                    
  fair                                                                      
  value                                                                     
  of                                                                        
  acquir…                                                                   
  identi…    $   (5,934  )    $     —       $   (42,058  )    $  (7,325  )  
  intang…                                                                   
  assets,                                                                   
  net of                                                                    
  the                                                                       
  amorti…                                                                   
  expense                                                                   
  already                                                                   
  reflec…                                                                   
  in                                                                        
  actual                                                                    
  histor…                                                                   
  results                                                                   
  A net                                                                     
  increa…                                                                   
  in                                                                        
  revenue                                                                   
  related        22,542           682            31,584           1,219     
  to                                                                        
  fair                                                                      
  value                                                                     
  adjust…                                                                   
  A                                                                         
  decrea…                                                                   
  (incre…                                                                   
  in                                                                        
  expens…             —             —            (2,617  )       14,115     
  related                                                                   
  to                                                                        
  transa…                                                                   
  expens…                                                                   
  An                                                                        
  decrea…                                                                   
  (incre…                                                                   
  in                                                                        
  intere…                                                                   
  expense                                                                   
  related                                                                   
  to new                                                                    
  debt                                                                      
  financ…                                                                   
  net of         (2,652  )          —            97,107          (2,640  )  
  intere…                                                                   
  expense                                                                   
  related                                                                   
  to                                                                        
  pre-ex…                                                                   
  debt                                                                      
  settled                                                                   
  as part                                                                   
  of the                                                                    
  acquis…                                                                   
  A                                                                         
  (decre…                                                                   
  in                                                                        
  other               —             —            (1,730  )            —     
  income…                                                                   
  classi…                                                                   
  warran…                                                                   
  An                                                                        
  (incre…        (3,201  )       (156  )        (18,877  )       (1,232  )  
  in tax                                                                    
  provis…                                                                   
                                                                            
The unaudited supplemental pro forma information has been presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of results of
operations that would have been achieved had the acquisitions taken place on
the date indicated, or of the Company’s future consolidated results of
operations. The supplemental pro forma information presented above has been
derived from the Company’s historical consolidated financial statements and
from the historical accounting records of Adjust and Machine Zone. 7.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Net The following table presents goodwill
activity (in thousands):
                                                 
  December 31, 2020               $  249,773     
  Goodwill acquired                  776,147     
  Foreign currency translation       (28,259  )  
  September 30, 2021              $  997,661     
                                                 
F-26

Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
        We…                                                                 
        Av…       As                              As                        
        Re…       of                              of                        
        Us…       D…                             Se…                        
        Li…       3…                             30,                        
        (Y…       2…                             20…                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
        Gr…       A…       Net          G…       Ac…       N…               
        Ca…       A…       Bo…          C…       Am…       B…               
        Va…                Va…          V…                 V…               
  L…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  A…    4.9    $  1…    $  (2…  )    $  9…    $  1,…    $  (…  )    $  1,…  
  C…    11…        —       —             —       14…       (…  )       14…  
  R…                                                                        
  U…    4.5       6…       (1…  )       5…       68…       (…  )       43…  
  b…                                                                        
  L…    0.2       2…       (1…  )       1…       28…       (…  )       4,…  
  a…                                                                        
  D…    5.4       1…       (8…  )       6…       89…       (…  )       71…  
  t…                                                                        
  O…    6.3       2…       (1…  )       2…       33…       (…  )       28…  
  T…                                                                        
  l…              1…       (2…  )       1…       2,…       (…  )       1,…  
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  S…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  A…    0.4       2…       (2…  )       4…       38…       (…  )       1,…  
  T…                                                                        
  i…           $  1…    $  (2…  )    $  1…    $  2,…    $  (…  )    $  1,…  
  a…                                                                        
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2020 and September 30, 2021, short-lived mobile Apps were
included in prepaid expenses and other current assets. The Company recorded
amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets as follows (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                        Three                           Nine                
                       Months                         Months                
                        Ended                          Ended                
                    September                      September                
                          30,                            30,                
                         2020          2021             2020          2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of      $       65,535    $   96,059    $     137,673    $  273,444  
  revenue                                                                   
  Sales and             3,050         6,765            8,470        16,008  
  marketing                                                                 
  Total        $       68,585    $  102,824    $     146,143    $  289,452  
                                                                            
8. Credit Agreement On August 15, 2018, the Company entered into a Credit
Agreement which provided for senior secured term loans in an aggregate
principal amount of $820.0 million (the “Closing Term Loans”) and a
revolving credit facility of $50.0 million. On April 23, 2019, the Credit
Agreement was amended to increase the senior secured term loan facility by
$400.0 million, on terms identical to those applicable to the Closing Term
Loans (together with the Closing Term Loans, the “Initial Term Loans”). On
April 27, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended to modify certain
negative covenants. On May 6, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended
(the “Third Amendment”) to increase the senior secured term loan facility by
an additional $300.0 million (the “Third Amendment Term Loans”). On October
27, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended to increase the aggregate
principal amount of the revolving credit facility by an additional $540.0
million. On November 30, 2020, the Company borrowed $150.0 million under the
revolving credit facility. F-27

On February 12, 2021, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to 1)
increase the
senior secured term loan facility by an aggregate principal amount of $597.8
million (the “Fifth Amendment Term Loans”, and together with the Initial
Term Loans, the “Term Loans”), on terms identical to those applicable to
the existing Initial Term Loans, the proceeds of which was partially used to
repay in full the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest of
the Third Amendment Term Loans, totaling $298.2 million, in accordance with
the pre-existing early redemption option in the Credit Agreement, and 2)
increase the aggregate principal amount of the revolving credit facility by
an additional $10.0 million, on terms identical to those
applicable to the existing revolving credit facility. According to the
amended Credit Agreement, the Company is required to make equal quarterly
repayments of $4.6 million with respect to the Term Loans. In connection
with this amendment, the
Company paid $0.8 million in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC, who is
affiliated with KKR Denali, one of the Company’s principal stockholders.

The Company evaluated the accounting for the Fifth Amendment Term Loans on a
creditor-by-creditor basis. For existing creditors who participated in the
Fifth Amendment Term Loans, the transaction was accounted for as a debt
modification because the present value of the cash
flows between the two debt instruments before and after the transaction was
less than 10%. For new creditors, the transaction was accounted for as an
issuance of new debt. As a result, $2.9 million of the $3.5 million
third-party issuance costs related to the modified debt was recorded in
other income (expense), net on the Company’s condensed consolidated
statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021, with the
remaining
$0.6 million related to the new debt recorded as a reduction to the carrying
amount of the Term Loans. In addition, the Company recorded $5.6 million for
an embedded derivative related to the contingent interest adjustment feature
of
the Fifth Amendment Term Loans, which was bifurcated and accounted for
separately as the feature is not clearly and closely related to the host
instrument. For details regarding the fair value measurement of the embedded
derivative, see Note 4. The
debt discount, comprising of 1) the deferred third-party issuance costs, 2)
the bifurcated embedded derivative and 3) the debt discount of the Initial
Term Loans that were modified as part of the amendment, is being amortized
to interest expense
using the effective interest method over the remaining contractual term of
the Term Loans.

The Company accounted for the early
repayment of the Third Amendment Term loans as a debt extinguishment. As a
result, the Company recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of $16.9
million during the three months ended March 31, 2021, which was recorded in
interest expense
and loss on extinguishment of debt on the Company’s condensed consolidated
statements of operations. The loss on debt extinguishment consisted
primarily of the unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance cost.

On March 31, 2021, the Company drew down an additional $250.0 million from
the Company’s $600.0 million revolving
credit facility. A lender under the revolving credit facility is an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. Following
such draw down, the Company had an aggregate amount of $400.0 million
outstanding under the
revolving credit facility, which was repaid in full with the net proceeds
from the IPO in April 2021.

After the effectiveness of
the IPO Registration Statement, the applicable margins for both the Term
Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans were reduced by 0.25% on April 16, 2021
in accordance with
the pre-existing terms of the Credit Agreement. As a result, the embedded
derivative for the contingent interest adjustment feature related to the
Term Loans was settled. The Company remeasured the
embedded derivative to its fair value of $17.8 million on the settlement
date by recording a gain of $1.1 million in other income (expense), net in
the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of operations, and then
reclassified it to the carrying amount of the Term Loans as an additional
debt discount. The new unamortized discount balance is subsequently
amortized using the new effective interest rate determined on the settlement
date of the embedded
derivative.

F-28

As of September 30, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all of the
covenants.

9. Cash Flow Hedges

The
Company manages exposure to market risk associated with fluctuating interest
rates with the use of interest rate derivative financial instruments, namely
interest rate swaps. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or
speculative purposes.
On November 14, 2018, the Company entered into an interest rate swap
agreement as part of its interest rate risk management strategy in
connection with the term loan. The notional amount for the swap was $410.0
million. The swap was a receive-variable (one-month LIBOR) and pay-fixed
(2.9065%) interest rate swap with settlement date commencing on the last
calendar day of each month
and reset date on first day of each month beginning December 31, 2018.

The Company applied the hedge accounting provisions of
the critical terms match hedge, and formally documented at inception all
relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its
risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking the various
hedges. The critical terms of
the swap and hedged item coincided (notional amount, interest rate reset
dates, interest rate payment dates, and underlying index), the hedge was
expected to offset changes in expected cash flows due to fluctuations
in one-month LIBOR over the term of the hedge. Therefore, the effectiveness
of the hedge relationship was assessed each quarter by comparing the current
terms of the swap and the debt to assure they
continued to coincide and through an evaluation of the continued ability of
the counterparty to the swap to honor its obligations under the swap. Had
the critical terms no longer matched exactly, hedge effectiveness (both
prospective and
retrospective) would have to be assessed by evaluating the cumulative
dollar-offset ratio for the actual derivative and the hedged item.

Unrealized changes in the fair value of derivatives accounted for as a
critical term match hedge were reported in other comprehensive
income (loss) and subsequently reclassified to earnings in the same period
or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affected earnings.
The interest rate swap contract expired on December 31, 2020 and the
settlement value of the
interest rate swap liability was reclassified to interest expense and loss
on settlement of debt. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2020, the Company recognized $2.9 million and $6.7 million of realized loss
related to hedged transaction, respectively, which were recorded in interest
expense and loss on settlement of debt in the Company’s condensed
consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2020, the
settlement value of the
interest rate swap liability before tax effect was $2.9 million and was
included in accrued liabilities and reported in other comprehensive income
net of tax effect.

10. Stock-based Compensation

In March 2021,
the Company’s board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the
2021 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan and the
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, all of which became effective on the business
day immediately
prior to the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement:

2021 Equity Incentive Plan

The 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”) provides for the grant of
incentive stock options, within the meaning of
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”),
to the Company’s employees and any parent and subsidiary companies’
employees, and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, restricted
stock,
restricted stock units (“RSUs”), stock appreciation rights (“SARs”),
performance units, and performance shares to the Company’s employees,
directors, and consultants and the Company’s parent and subsidiary
companies’ employees and consultants. A total

F-29

of 39,000,000 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock were reserved for
issuance pursuant to the 2021 Plan. The number of shares available for
issuance under the 2021
Plan will also include an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal
year beginning on January 1, 2021, equal to the least of (a) 39,000,000
shares, (b) five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of
the
Company’s common stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding
fiscal year, or (c) such other amount as the Company’s board of directors
may determine. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, the
2011 Plan was
terminated, and no further awards will be granted thereunder. All
outstanding awards will continue to be governed by their existing terms.

In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021 the Company granted
870,410 and 6,908,924 RSUs to certain employees
under the 2021 Plan at the weighted average grant date fair value of $58.92
and $58.60 per RSU, respectively. The RSUs generally vest over an
approximate period of four to five years of continuous service from their
respective vesting commencement dates.

2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan

The 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan (the “2021 Partner Plan”) provides
for the grant of nonstatutory stock options,
restricted stock, RSUs, SARs, performance units, and performance shares to
individuals or entities engaged by the Company or a parent or subsidiary of
the Company to render bona fide services to the party engaging such
individual or entity. A total
of 390,000 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock are reserved for
issuance pursuant to the 2021 Partner Plan.

In August 2021, the Company granted 359,623 RSUs under the 2021 Partner
Plan. The RSUs generally vest over an approximate period of four
to five years of continuous service and have a grant date fair value of
$57.19 per RSU.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”) permits participants to
purchase shares of the Company’s Class A common
stock through contributions (in the form of payroll deductions or otherwise
to the extent permitted by the administrator) of up to 15% of their eligible
compensation. Amounts contributed and accumulated by the participant will be
used to
purchase shares of the Company’ Class A common stock at the end of each
6-month purchase period with the purchase price of the shares being 85% of
the lower of the fair
market value of the Company’s Class A common stock on the first day of an
offering period or on the exercise date. A participant may purchase a
maximum of 590 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock during a
purchase period. The ESPP provides for consecutive, overlapping 24-month
offering periods, subject to certain rollover mechanism as defined in the
ESPP. Participants may end their participation at
any time during an offering and will be paid their accrued contributions
that have not yet been used to purchase shares. Participation ends
automatically upon termination of employment with the Company. The initial
offering period is from
April 15, 2021 through November 19, 2023.

A total of 7,800,000 shares of the Company’s Class A common
stock are available for sale under the ESPP. The number of shares of the
Company’s Class A common stock that will be available for sale under the
ESPP also includes an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year
beginning with
fiscal year 2022, equal to the least of: (a) 7,800,000 shares, (b) one
percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of the Company’s
common stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or
(c) such other amount as the Company’s board of directors may determine.

2011 Equity Incentive Plan

The Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2011 Plan”) provides for the
grant of stock options to employees,
consultants, and advisors of the Company. Options granted under the 2011
Plan

F-30

may be either incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options.
Incentive stock options may be granted only to Company employees, including
directors who are also employees. As noted above, immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, the 2011 Plan was terminated, and no further
awards will be granted thereunder. All outstanding awards will continue to
be governed by their existing terms. The Company recognized stock-based
compensation expense for the periods indicated as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                         Three                                              
                        Months                    Nine Months               
                         Ended                          Ended               
                     September                      September               
                           30,                            30,               
                          2020         2021              2020         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of       $          126    $     922    $          204    $   1,504  
  revenue                                                                   
  Sales and              1,571        4,774             2,812        8,814  
  marketing                                                                 
  Research                                                                  
  and                    6,823       20,110            10,692       40,148  
  developme…                                                                
  General                                                                   
  and                    2,348        8,919             5,654       41,362  
  administr…                                                                
  Total         $       10,868    $  34,725    $       19,362    $  91,828  
                                                                            
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, total stock-based
compensation expense included $0.3 million and $0.9 million, respectively,
associated with awards that may be settled in stock of one of the Company’s
subsidiaries. Early Exercise of Stock Options—The 2011 Plan allowed, subject
to the Board’s approval for the early exercise of options granted. Under the
terms of the 2011 Plan, option holders, upon early exercise, must sign a
restricted stock purchase agreement that gives the Company the right to
repurchase any unvested shares, at the original exercise price, in the event
the optionees’ employment terminates for any reason. The right to exercise
options before they are vested does not change existing vesting schedules in
any way and the early exercised options may not be sold or transferred
before they are vested. The repurchase right lapses over time as the shares
vest at the same rate as the original option vesting schedule. The cash
amounts received in exchange for these early exercised shares are recorded
as a liability on the accompanying balance sheets and reclassified into
common stock and additional paid-in-capital asthe shares vest. The Company’s
right to repurchase these shares lapses by 1/4th of the shares on the one
year anniversary of the vesting start date and ratably each month over the
next 36 months. The Company has 19,800 and 879,600 shares of Class A common
stock subject to repurchase as of December 31, 2020 and September 30, 2021,
respectively. The liability for the shares of Class A common stock subject
to repurchase as of December 31, 2020 and September 30, 2021 was $0.1
million and $2.4 million, respectively, which was included in the accrued
liabilities in the Company’s condensed consolidated balance sheets. During
2019 and 2020, the Company provided financing to certain employees in the
form of promissory notes to early exercise stock options. These promissory
notes are partially collateralized by shares and, for accounting purposes,
in-substanceare nonrecourse. For accounting purposes, exercised options via
nonrecourse promissory notes are not substantive and are continued to be
treated as options. In February 2021, promissory notes issued to executive
officers in the amount of $20.9 million were settled through either share
repurchase, in the amount of $17.2 million, or cash payment, in the amount
of $3.7 million. In connection with the repurchase of shares, the Company
accelerated vesting of 60,968 shares of Class A common stock for one of the
Company’s officers. The acceleration of vesting was accounted as an option
modification with an immaterial impact to the stock-based compensation
expense. As of December 31, 2020 and September 30, 2021, the Company had
8,022,499 and 2,884,999 shares of Class A common stock options,
respectively, that were exercised via nonrecourse promissory notes, of which
4,136,677 and 841,563 shares, were unvested and subject F-31

to repurchase, respectively. The principal balances of nonrecourse
promissory notes outstanding amounted to $40.4 million and $15.1 million as
of December 31, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively. 11. Net Income
(Loss) Per Share Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable
to common stockholders is computed in conformity with the two-classmethod
required for participating securities. The Company considers its convertible
preferred stock, options exercised in exchange for nonrecourse promissory
notes, early exercised unvested stock options and unvested restricted stock
awards to be participating securities. Under the two-classmethod, the net
loss attributable to common stockholders is not allocated to convertible
preferred stock, options exercised in exchange for nonrecourse promissory
notes, early exercised unvested common stock options and unvested restricted
stock awards as the holders of these instruments do not have a contractual
obligation to share in the Company’s losses. Net income is attributed to
common stockholders and participating securities based on their
participation rights. Basic net loss per share attributable to common
stockholders is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common
stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share attributable to
common stockholders adjusts basic earnings per share for the potentially
dilutive impact of stock options. The following table sets forth the
computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to
common stockholders (in thousands, except share and per share data):
                                                                            
                 Three                             Nine                     
                Months                           Months                     
                 Ended                            Ended                     
  Basic        Septem…                          Septem…                     
  EPS              30,                              30,                     
  Numer…          2020            2021             2020            2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)    $  (89,688  )    $     178       $  (106,4…  )    $   4,080     
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  AppLo…                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attri…                                                                    
  to                 —               —                —            (499  )  
  conve…                                                                    
  prefe…                                                                    
  stock                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  optio…             —              (1  )             —             (49  )  
  exerc…                                                                    
  via                                                                       
  promi…                                                                    
  notes                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  unves…             —               —                —             (13  )  
  early                                                                     
  exerc…                                                                    
  optio…                                                                    
  Income                                                                    
  attri…                                                                    
  to                 —               —                —              (7  )  
  unves…                                                                    
  RSA’s                                                                     
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  attri…    $  (89,688  )    $     177       $  (106,4…  )    $   3,512     
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock…                                                                    
  Denom…                                                                    
  Weigh…                                                                    
  shares                                                                    
  used                                                                      
  in                                                                        
  compu…       214,63…          368,4…          212,99…          309,3…     
  net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share…                                                                    
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share     $    (0.42  )    $    0.00       $    (0.50  )    $    0.01     
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock…                                                                    
                                                                            
F-32
                                                                            
                 Three                             Nine                     
                Months                           Months                     
                 Ended                            Ended                     
  Dilut…       Septem…                          Septem…                     
  EPS              30,                              30,                     
  Numer…          2020            2021             2020            2021     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)    $  (89,688  )    $     178       $  (106,4…  )    $   4,080     
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  AppLo…                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attri…                                                                    
  to                 —               —                —            (475  )  
  conve…                                                                    
  prefe…                                                                    
  stock                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  optio…             —              (1  )             —             (47  )  
  exerc…                                                                    
  via                                                                       
  promi…                                                                    
  notes                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  unves…             —               —                —             (12  )  
  early                                                                     
  exerc…                                                                    
  optio…                                                                    
  Income                                                                    
  attri…                                                                    
  to                 —               —                —              (7  )  
  unves…                                                                    
  RSA’s                                                                     
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  attri…    $  (89,688  )    $     177       $  (106,4…  )    $   3,539     
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock…                                                                    
  Denom…                                                                    
  Weigh…                                                                    
  shares                                                                    
  used                                                                      
  in                                                                        
  compu…       214,63…          368,4…          212,99…          309,3…     
  net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share…                                                                    
  Weigh…                                                                    
  dilut…                                                                    
  stock                                                                     
  optio…                                                                    
  RSUs,              —          15,89…                           18,07…     
  warra…                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  other                                                                     
  conve…                                                                    
  secur…                                                                    
  Weigh…                                                                    
  shares                                                                    
  used                                                                      
  in                                                                        
  compu…       214,63…          384,3…          212,99…          327,4…     
  net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share…                                                                    
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share     $    (0.42  )    $    0.00       $    (0.50  )    $    0.01     
  attri…                                                                    
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock…                                                                    
                                                                            
The following table presents the forms of antidilutive potential common
shares:
                                                                            
                                          As of September 30,               
                                                         2020         2021  
  Convertible preferred stock                     109,090,908            —  
  Stock options exercised for                                               
  promissory                                        7,862,499    2,884,999  
  notes                                                                     
  Shares issuable upon conversion of                        —      334,946  
  Athena convertible security                                               
  Early exercised stock options                        19,800      879,600  
  Unvested RSAs                                     1,908,687      242,316  
  Stock options                                    20,439,544       23,736  
  Unvested RSUs                                             —        2,828  
  ESPP                                                      —      223,448  
  Total antidilutive potential common             139,321,438    4,591,873  
  shares                                                                    
                                                                            
12. Income Taxes The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in
foreign jurisdictions. The Company bases its interim tax accruals on an
estimated annual effective tax rate applied to year-to-date incomeand record
the discrete tax items in the period to which they relate. In each quarter,
the Company updates its estimated annual effective tax rate and makes a
year-to-date adjustmentto its tax provision as necessary. The Company’s
calendar year 2021 annual effective tax rate differs from the U.S. F-33

statutory rate primarily due to net excess tax benefits from stock-based
compensation, foreign derived intangible income deduction, valuation
allowance against losses which cannot be realized and
the foreign tax rate differential.

On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act (“ARPA”) was enacted. The
ARPA
contains numerous income tax provisions, such as expanding the definition of
covered employees. The ARPA has no impact on the income tax provision
(benefit) for the nine months ended September 30, 2021.

During the nine months ended September 30, 2021, there were no material
changes to the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits,
and the Company does not expect material changes in its unrecognized tax
benefits within the next twelve months.

13. Related Party Transactions

On February 12, 2021, the Company amended the Credit Agreement. See Note 8.
In connection with this amendment, the Company paid
$0.8 million in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC, which is affiliated with
KKR Denali, one of the Company’s principal stockholders.

On March 31, 2021, the Company drew down an additional $250.0 million from
the Company’s $600.0 million revolving
credit facility. A lender under the revolving credit facility is an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. Following
such draw down, the Company had an aggregate amount of $400.0 million
outstanding under the
revolving credit facility, which was repaid in full with the net proceeds
from the IPO in April 2021. See Note 8.

On May 6,
2020, the Company amended the Credit Agreement. See Note 8. In connection
with this amendment, the Company paid $1.5 million in fees to KKR Capital
Markets LLC, which is affiliated with KKR Denali, one of the Company’s
principal
stockholders.

The Company had no other material related parties for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2020 and
2021.

14. Subsequent Events

In October
2021, the remaining 50% of the convertible security with a stated value of
$20.0 million was converted into 324,156 shares of the Company’s Class A
common stock at a conversion price of $61.7 per share.

On October 6, 2021, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to
acquire from Twitter, Inc. the MoPub business for
approximately $1.05 billion in cash. The transaction is subject to customary
closing conditions and is expected to close in 2022.

On October 25, 2021, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to increase
the senior secured term loan facility by an aggregate
principal amount of $1.50 billion. In connection with this amendment, the
Company paid $1.4 million in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC, who is
affiliated with KKR Denali, one of the Company’s principal stockholders.

Due to the timing of these transactions, as of the date of issuance of these
condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company is
in the process of finalizing the valuation and related accounting for these
transactions.

F-34

APPLOVIN CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019 AND 2020

F-35

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of AppLovin Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AppLovin Corporation
and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
redeemable
noncontrolling interest and stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows, for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our
opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended
December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The
Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the
purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California

March 2, 2021

We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2014.

F-36

AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share
and per share data)
                                                                            
                                     December 31,          December 31,     
                                             2019                  2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                                           
  Cash and cash equivalents       $       396,247       $       317,235     
  Accounts receivable, net                161,346               296,964     
  Prepaid expenses and other                                                
  current                                  28,628                48,795     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current assets                    586,221               662,994     
  Property and equipment, net               7,901                28,587     
  Operating lease                          14,895                84,336     
  right-of-use assets                                                       
  Goodwill                                137,121               249,773     
  Intangible assets, net                  440,905             1,086,332     
  Other assets                             15,442                42,571     
  Total assets                    $     1,202,485       $     2,154,593     
  Liabilities, redeemable                                                   
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest, and stockholders’                                               
  deficit                                                                   
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts payable                $        70,522       $       147,275     
  Accrued liabilities                      37,299                95,057     
  Licensed asset obligation                     —                18,760     
  Short-term debt                          12,210                15,210     
  Deferred revenue                          8,198                86,886     
  Operating lease liabilities               2,510                22,206     
  Deferred acquisition costs,             108,136               212,658     
  current                                                                   
  Total current liabilities               238,875               598,052     
  Non-current liabilities:                                                  
  Long-term debt                        1,168,374             1,583,990     
  Operating lease liabilities,             12,745                71,755     
  noncurrent                                                                
  Other non-current                        39,058                59,032     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total liabilities                     1,459,052             2,312,829     
  Commitments and                                                           
  contingencies (Note 5)                                                    
  Redeemable noncontrolling                     —                   309     
  interest                                                                  
  Stockholders’ deficit:                                                    
  Convertible preferred stock,                                              
  109,090,908 shares                                                        
  authorized, issued, and                 399,589               399,589     
  outstanding at December 31,                                               
  2019 and 2020; respectively                                               
  Common stock A, $0.00003 par                                              
  value—360,000,000 and                                                     
  386,400,000 shares                                                        
  authorized, 177,593,772 and                   6                     6     
  183,800,251 shares issued                                                 
  and outstanding at December                                               
  31, 2019 and 2020,                                                        
  respectively                                                              
  Common stock F, $0.00003 par                                              
  value—43,200,000 shares                                                   
  authorized, 42,564,150                        1                     1     
  shares issued and                                                         
  outstanding at December 31,                                               
  2019 and 2020, respectively                                               
  Additional paid-in capital              235,190               453,655     
  Accumulated other                                                         
  comprehensive income                     (4,140  )                604     
  (loss)                                                                    
  Accumulated deficit                    (887,213  )         (1,012,400  )  
  Total stockholders’ deficit            (256,567  )           (158,545  )  
  Total liabilities,                                                        
  redeemable                      $     1,202,485       $     2,154,593     
  noncontrolling interest, and                                              
  stockholders’ deficit                                                     
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-37

AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands,
except share and per share data)
                                                                            
                   Years ended                                              
                      December                                              
                           31,                                              
                          2018                 2019                2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue       $      483,363       $      994,104       $   1,451,086     
  Costs and                                                                 
  expenses:                                                                 
  Cost of               53,758              241,274             555,578     
  revenue                                                                   
  Sales and            166,799              481,781             627,796     
  marketing                                                                 
  Research                                                                  
  and                   16,270               44,966             180,652     
  developme…                                                                
  General                                                                   
  and                   14,854               31,712              66,431     
  administr…                                                                
  Lease                                                                     
  modificat…                                                                
  and                                                                       
  abandonme…                 —                    —               7,851     
  of                                                                        
  leasehold                                                                 
  improveme…                                                                
  Extinguis…                                                                
  of                                                                        
  acquisiti…           (10,763  )                 —              74,820     
  contingent                                                                
  considera…                                                                
  Total                                                                     
  costs and            240,918              799,733           1,513,128     
  expenses                                                                  
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)               242,445              194,371             (62,042  )  
  from                                                                      
  operations                                                                
  Other                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest                                                                  
  expense                                                                   
  and loss            (484,805  )           (73,955  )          (77,873  )  
  on                                                                        
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other                                                                     
  income                 2,101                5,818               4,209     
  (expense),                                                                
  net                                                                       
  Total                                                                     
  other               (482,704  )           (68,137  )          (73,664  )  
  expense                                                                   
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  before              (240,259  )           126,234            (135,706  )  
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Provision                                                                 
  for                                                                       
  (benefit              19,736                7,194              (9,772  )  
  from)                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income    $     (259,995  )           119,040            (125,934  )  
  (loss)                                                                    
  (Loss)                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to                         —                    —                (747  )  
  noncontro…                                                                
  interest                                                                  
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributa…                 —              119,040            (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  sharehold…                                                                
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                 —              (42,664  )                —     
  to                                                                        
  participa…                                                                
  securities                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributa…    $     (259,995  )            76,376            (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Bas…                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributa…    $     (259,995  )    $       76,561       $    (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Dil…                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributa…                                                                
  to common                                                                 
  stockhold…                                                                
  Basic         $        (1.37  )    $         0.36       $       (0.58  )  
  Diluted       $        (1.37  )    $         0.36       $       (0.58  )  
  Weighted                                                                  
  average                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  shares                                                                    
  used to                                                                   
  compute                                                                   
  net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributa…                                                                
  to common                                                                 
  stockhold…                                                                
  Basic            189,533,630          210,937,147          214,936,5…     
  Diluted          189,533,630          212,365,429          214,936,5…     
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-38

AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
(In thousands)
                                                                            
                         Years ended                                        
                        December 31,                                        
                                2018             2019              2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable     $        (259,995  )    $  119,040       $  (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders                                                              
  Other                                                                     
  comprehensive                                                             
  income                                                                    
  (loss), net                                                               
  of tax:                                                                   
                                                                            
  Foreign                                                                   
  currency                        30              (11  )            579     
  translation                                                               
  Interest rate                                                             
  swap—(loss),                                                              
  net of tax                                                                
  provision                                                                 
  (benefit) of                (2,651  )        (1,511  )          4,165     
  $0.7 million,                                                             
  $0.4 million                                                              
  and                                                                       
  $1.7 million,                                                             
  respectively                                                              
  Total other                                                               
  comprehensive               (2,621  )        (1,522  )          4,744     
  income (loss)                                                             
  Total                                                                     
  comprehensive                                                             
  income (loss)    $        (262,616  )    $  117,518       $  (120,443  )  
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders                                                              
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-39

AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling
Interest and Stockholders’ Deficit (In thousands, except share data)
                                                                            
                                                    …                       
                                                    …                       
                                                    …                  …    
                                                    …                  …    
                                                    …                  …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                 $      $           3      $    )      …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                             )      —                  …    
                                                    —                  —    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    …                  …    
                                                    —           )      …    
                                                    …           )      …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                             )      —                  …    
                                                    —                  —    
                                             )      —                  …    
                                                    —                  1    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    …                  …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    …           )      …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                    —                  …    
                                                                            
F-40

AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling
Interest and Stockholders’ Deficit (In thousands, except share data)
                                                                            
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       —    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       —    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                )      …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           $    )      …    
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-41

AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands)
                                                                            
                        Years Ended                                         
  Operating             December 31                                         
  Activities                   2018              2019              2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income      $        (259,995  )    $   119,040       $  (125,934  )  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Adjustments                                                               
  to reconcile                                                              
  net income                                                                
  (loss) to                                                                 
  operating                                                                 
  activities:                                                               
  Amortizatio…                                                              
  depreciation               16,061            92,806           254,951     
  and                                                                       
  write-offs                                                                
  Amortization                                                              
  of debt                                                                   
  issuance                  428,211             4,979             8,152     
  costs and                                                                 
  discount                                                                  
  Stock-based                 5,465            10,222            62,387     
  compensation                                                              
  Change in                                                                 
  operating                       —             2,602             9,333     
  right-of-use                                                              
  asset                                                                     
  Lease                                                                     
  modification                                                              
  and                                                                       
  abandonment                     —                 —             7,851     
  of                                                                        
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  (Gain) loss                                                               
  on                                                                        
  extinguishm…                                                              
  of                        (10,763  )              —            74,820     
  acquisition                                                               
  related                                                                   
  contingent                                                                
  considerati…                                                              
  Gain on                                                                   
  embedded                        —                 —            (5,680  )  
  derivative                                                                
  Change in                                                                 
  the fair                                                                  
  value                                                                     
  remeasureme…                    —                 —             1,500     
  of                                                                        
  convertible                                                               
  security                                                                  
  Change in                                                                 
  the fair                                                                  
  value of                        —                 —               442     
  contingent                                                                
  considerati…                                                              
  Foreign                                                                   
  exchange                        —                14             2,097     
  losses, net                                                               
  Changes in                                                                
  operating                                                                 
  assets and                                                                
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts                  (30,191  )        (33,524  )       (113,234  )  
  receivable                                                                
  Prepaid                                                                   
  expenses and                                                              
  other                      11,087           (19,867  )        (13,289  )  
  current                                                                   
  assets                                                                    
  Other assets                 (907  )         (1,485  )        (19,092  )  
  Accounts                  (21,071  )         13,534            49,120     
  payable                                                                   
  Operating                                                                 
  lease                           —            (2,242  )         (8,812  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Accrued and                                                               
  other                       1,133             5,661             2,783     
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred                        —             6,722            35,488     
  revenue                                                                   
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by               139,030           198,462           222,883     
  operating                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Investing                                                                 
  Activities                                                                
  Purchase of                                                               
  property and               (1,399  )         (3,358  )         (3,241  )  
  equipment                                                                 
  Acquisition…                                                              
  net of cash               (65,943  )       (404,196  )       (674,650  )  
  acquired                                                                  
  Purchase of                                                               
  non-marketa…                    —            (4,000  )         (2,000  )  
  securities                                                                
  Refund of                                                                 
  lease                                                                     
  deposits . .                                                              
  . . . . . .                                                               
  . . . . . .                   173                 —                 —     
  . . . . . .                                                               
  . . . . . .                                                               
  . .                                                                       
  . . . . . .                                                               
  . . . .                                                                   
  Net cash                                                                  
  used in                   (67,169  )       (411,554  )       (679,891  )  
  investing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Financing                                                                 
  Activities                                                                
  Proceeds                                                                  
  from debt                                                                 
  issuance,                 791,062           388,859           481,273     
  net of                                                                    
  issuance                                                                  
  costs                                                                     
  Payments of                                                               
  debt                   (1,183,000  )        (11,208  )        (64,295  )  
  principal                                                                 
  Payments of                                                               
  finance                    (5,930  )         (5,663  )         (9,708  )  
  leases                                                                    
  Revolver                   (1,041  )              —                 —     
  fees paid                                                                 
  Proceeds                                                                  
  from                                                                      
  issuance of                                                               
  preferred                 399,589                 —                 —     
  stock, net                                                                
  of issuance                                                               
  costs                                                                     
  Proceeds                                                                  
  from early                                                                
  exercise of                   909                 —                 —     
  stock                                                                     
  awards                                                                    
  Proceeds                                                                  
  from                                                                      
  exercise of                    70             2,637             2,303     
  stock                                                                     
  options                                                                   
  Proceeds                                                                  
  from                            —                 —             9,318     
  issuance of                                                               
  common stock                                                              
  Payments of                                                               
  deferred                        —           (41,454  )        (17,586  )  
  acquisition                                                               
  costs                                                                     
  Payments of                                                               
  licensed                        —                 —           (18,940  )  
  asset                                                                     
  obligation                                                                
  Repurchases                                                               
  of common                     (21  )            (11  )         (1,766  )  
  stock                                                                     
  Payments of                                                               
  deferred IPO                    —                 —            (2,744  )  
  costs                                                                     
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by                 1,638           333,160           377,855     
  financing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Effect of                                                                 
  exchange                                                                  
  rate on                                                                   
  changes on                     39                60               141     
  cash and                                                                  
  cash                                                                      
  equivalents                                                               
  Net increase                                                              
  (decrease)                                                                
  in cash and                73,538           120,128           (79,012  )  
  cash                                                                      
  equivalents                                                               
  Cash and                                                                  
  cash                                                                      
  equivalents               202,581           276,119           396,247     
  at beginning                                                              
  of the                                                                    
  period                                                                    
  Cash and                                                                  
  cash                                                                      
  equivalents     $         276,119       $   396,247       $   317,235     
  at end of                                                                 
  the                                                                       
  period                                                                    
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-42

AppLovin Corporation Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (In thousands)
                                                                            
  Supplemental                                                              
  non-cash investing                                                        
  and financing             Years Ended December                            
  activities                                 31,                            
  disclosures:                              2018         2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Issuance of                                                               
  convertible                                                               
  security related       $                     —    $       —    $  45,000  
  to asset                                                                  
  acquisition                                                               
  Acquisitions of                                                           
  business through                                                          
  issuance of common     $                     —    $     192    $  38,167  
  stock and common                                                          
  stock warrants                                                            
  Settlement of                                                             
  contingent                                                                
  consideration          $                     —    $       —    $  31,422  
  through issuance of                                                       
  common stock                                                              
  Assets acquired                                                           
  under finance          $                 3,917    $   3,061    $   7,475  
  leases                                                                    
  Common stock issued                                                       
  in exchange for                                                           
  redeemable             $                     —    $       —    $   1,500  
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest                                                                  
  Deferred IPO costs     $                     —    $       —    $     888  
  not yet paid                                                              
  Accretion of                                                              
  interest on related    $                     —    $      48    $     553  
  party                                                                     
  promissory notes                                                          
  Common stock                                                              
  warrant issued in      $                     —    $       —    $     433  
  connection with                                                           
  lease modification                                                        
  Repurchases of                                                            
  common stock from                                                         
  related                $                     —    $   9,074    $       —  
  parties financed by                                                       
  promissory notes                                                          
  Interest expense                                                          
  offset by non-cash     $                     —    $   3,549    $       —  
  financing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Supplemental                                                              
  disclosure of cash                                                        
  flow                                                                      
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for          $                44,628    $  62,278    $  59,360  
  interest on debt                                                          
  Cash paid for          $                15,311    $  30,474    $  12,666  
  income taxes                                                              
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-43

APPLOVIN CORPORATION

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Description of Business

AppLovin Corporation (the “Company” or “AppLovin” or “we”) was incorporated
in the
state of Delaware on July 18, 2011. The Company is a leader in the mobile
app industry with a focus on building a software-based platform for mobile
app developers to improve the marketing and monetization of their apps. The
Company also has a
globally diversified portfolio of apps—free-to-play mobile games that it
operates through its own or partner studios.

The Company’s operations are headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has
several operating locations in the U.S. as well as
various international office locations in North America, Asia and Europe.

In May 2020, the Company amended its restated certificate
of incorporation (“Restated Certificate of Incorporation”) to implement a
3-for-1 stock split of its common and preferred stock. The amendment also
changed the
par value in connection with the stock split and increased the number of
authorized common stock shares. All disclosures of common shares,
convertible preferred shares and per share data in the accompanying
financial statements and related notes
reflect the stock split for all periods presented.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation—The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Consolidated financial
statements reflect our accounts and operations and those of our subsidiaries
in which we have a controlling financial interest. In accordance with the
provisions of
Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810, Consolidation, we consolidate
any variable interest entity (“VIE”) of which we are the primary
beneficiary. We engage in business relationships with certain entities in
the ordinary
course of business to develop game Apps. The typical condition for a
controlling financial interest ownership is holding a majority of the voting
interests of an entity; however, a controlling financial interest may also
exist in entities, such as
VIEs, through arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests.
ASC 810 requires a variable interest holder to consolidate a VIE if that
party has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most
significantly impact the
VIE’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE
that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive
benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We
do not consolidate a
VIE in which we have a majority ownership interest when we are not
considered the primary beneficiary. We evaluate our relationships with all
VIEs on an ongoing basis. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated upon
consolidation.

Reclassification—Certain balances in previously issued consolidated
financial statements have been
reclassified to be consistent with the current period presentation. The
reclassification had no impact on total financial position, net income
(loss), or stockholder’s deficit.

Use of Estimates—The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the
Company evaluates its
estimates, including those related to fair values of intangible assets and
goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment,
expected period of consumption of virtual goods, expected life of paying
users, income and indirect
taxes, contingent liabilities, evaluation of recoverability of intangible
assets

F-44

and long-lived assets, goodwill impairment, and fair value of derivatives
and other financial instruments among others. The Company bases its
estimates on assumptions, both historical and
forward-looking, that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities.

Risk and Uncertainties—The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties as
a result of the
COVID-19 pandemic. As of the issuance date of these consolidated financial
statements, the Company’s results of operations have not been materially
impacted. However, the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic remains
uncertain as the response to the pandemic is in its incipient stages and
information is rapidly evolving. Economies worldwide have been negatively
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. A weakened global economy may negatively
impact in-app purchasing decisions and consumer buying decisions across the
globe generally, which could adversely
affect advertiser activity. The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
global economy and the extent to which the pandemic may impact the Company’s
business, financial condition, and results of
operations in the future remains uncertain. The severity of the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business will depend on a number of
factors, including, but not limited to, the duration
and severity of the pandemic and the extent and severity of the impact on
the Company’s customers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted.
The Company’s future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely
impacted by
delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts beyond normal payment
terms and uncertain demand.

Revenue from Contracts with Customers—The Company generates Business and
Consumer revenue. Business Revenue includes fees paid by mobile app
advertisers that use the Company’s software platform (“Software Platform”),
and revenue generated from the
sale of digital advertising inventory of the Company’s apps (“Apps”).
Consumer Revenue consists of mobile in-app purchases (“IAPs”) made by users
within Apps.

Business Revenue

The
Software Platform provides the technology to match advertisers and third-
party owners of digital advertising inventory (“Publishers”) via auctions at
large scale and microsecond-level speeds. The pricing and terms for all
mobile
advertising arrangements are governed by the Company’s terms and conditions
and generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days subsequent to the end of
the month. The contract is fully cancellable at any time.

For Business Revenue generated through placement of advertisements on mobile
applications owned by Publishers, the Company’s
performance obligation is to provide an advertiser with access to the
Software Platform which facilitates the advertiser’s purchase of advertising
inventory from Publishers. The Company does not control the advertising
inventory prior to its
transfer to the advertiser, the Company’s customer, because the Company does
not have the substantive ability to direct the use of, nor obtain
substantially all of the remaining benefits from the advertising inventory.
The Company is not
primarily responsible for fulfillment and does not have any inventory risk.
The Company is an agent as it relates to the sale of third-party advertising
inventory and presents revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the
product of either
the number of completions of agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed
and the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the
advertiser less consideration paid or payable to Publishers.

Advertisers purchase Apps advertising inventory either through the Software
Platform or through third-party advertising networks
(“Ad Networks”). Revenue from the sale of advertising inventory through Ad
Networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by Ad Networks as the
Company is unable to determine the gross amount paid by the advertisers to
Ad Networks.

F-45

The Company recognizes mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon
action is completed or when the ad is displayed to users, depending on the
agreed upon pricing mechanism with an advertiser or Ad Network. The number
of advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is
determined at the end of each month, which resolves any uncertainty in the
transaction price during the reporting period. Consumer Revenue IAPs include
fees collected from users for the purchase of virtual goods to enhance their
gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is to provide
users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items over the
estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the user or
until the virtual item is consumed. The Company categorizes its virtual
goods as either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent
goods that can be consumed by a specific player action in gameplay;
accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of consumable
virtual goods as the goods are consumed and the Company’s performance
obligation is satisfied. Durable virtual goods represent goods that are
accessible to the user over an extended period of time; accordingly, the
Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods ratably
over the period of time the goods are available to the user and the
Company’s performance obligation is satisfied, which is generally the
estimated average user life (“EAUL”). Payment is required at the time of
purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs through
the Company’s distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the
gross amount charged to users because the Company is the principal in the
transaction. IAPs fees are non-refundable.Such payments are initially
recorded to deferred revenue. The EAUL represents the Company’s best
estimate of the expected life of paying users for the applicable game. The
EAUL begins when a user makes a first purchase of durable virtual goods and
ends when a user is determined to be inactive. The Company determines the
EAUL on a game-by-gamebasis. For a newly launched game that has limited
playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the EAUL of a game
that has sufficiently similar characteristics. The Company determines the
EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such calculated EAUL to all bookings
in the respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires
management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical
playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future. The EAULs
are generally between six and nine months. The Company presents taxes
collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities on a net
basis. Disaggregation of Revenue The following table present revenue
disaggregated by type (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                  Year Ended                                
                                December 31,                                
                                        2018          2019            2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Business Revenue—Apps      $       166,259    $  397,643    $    503,867  
  Consumer                                                                  
  Revenue—Software                   262,997       198,305         207,285  
  Platform                                                                  
  Total Business Revenue             429,256       595,948         711,152  
  Consumer Revenue                    54,107       398,156         739,934  
  Total Revenue              $       483,363    $  994,104    $  1,451,086  
                                                                            
F-46

Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location, consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                      
                            Year Ended                                
                          December 31,                                
                                  2018          2019            2020  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States        $       261,734    $  622,051    $    895,987  
  United Kingdom       $        47,982        60,073          78,681  
  Rest of the World    $       173,647       311,980         476,418  
  Total Revenue        $       483,363    $  994,104    $  1,451,086  
                                                                      
Cash and Cash Equivalents—Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of
cash on deposit with banks and investments in money market funds with
maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase. Accounts
Receivable, net—The Company records accounts receivable at the invoiced
amount, maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for
potentially uncollectible receivables, and reviews accounts receivable
periodically to identify specific customers with known disputes or
collectability issues. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the allowance for
doubtful accounts was not material. Derivatives—The Company accounts for
derivative instruments at fair value. Interest rate swaps may qualify as
cash flow hedges. Changes in the interest rate swaps that qualify as cash
flow hedges are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss). Amounts recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) are reclassified to earnings in a manner that matches the earnings
impact of the hedged interest expense. The Company’s policy for classifying
cash flows from derivatives is to report the cash flows consistent with the
underlying hedged item . Fair Value of Financial Instruments—The Company
uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurringbasis, in
periods subsequent to their initial measurement. The hierarchy requires the
Company to use observable inputs when available, and to minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when determining fair value. The three tiers are defined
as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices
(unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level
2—Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable
either directly or indirectly. Level 3—Unobservable inputs of which there is
little or no market data, which require the Company to develop its own
assumptions. Concentration of Credit Risk and Uncertainties—The Company’s
financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk
consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The
Company places its cash deposits with large, reputable financial
institutions. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company maintained cash
balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”)
insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of money market funds that are
composed of U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government securities. The Company’s
accounts receivable balance is derived from both domestic and international
sales. The Company reviews its exposure to accounts receivable credit risk
and generally requires no collateral for its accounts receivable. F-47

The Company uses various distribution partners to collect and remit payments
from users of Apps for virtual goods. As of December 31, 2019, one
distribution partner accounted for 12% of the accounts receivable, net. As
of December 31, 2020, two distribution partners accounted for 20% and 13% of
the accounts receivable, net. No individual customer accounted for 10% or
more of the Company’s accounts receivable or revenue during the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020. Property and Equipment, net—Property and
equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets, which is as follows:
                                                                            
                            Useful Life                                     
  Computer equipment        3 - 5 years                                     
  Software and licenses     3 years                                         
  Furniture and fixtures    3 - 5 years                                     
  Leasehold improvements    Over the shorter of useful life (up to 10       
                            years) or lease term                            
                                                                            
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated
depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations in the period realized.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Deferred
Offering Costs—Deferred offering costs, which consist primarily of
accounting, legal and other fees directly attributable to the Company’s
proposed initial public offering (“IPO”), are capitalized in other assets on
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The deferred offering costs will
be offset against IPO proceeds upon the consummation of an IPO. In the event
the planned IPO is aborted, the deferred offering costs will be expensed.
There were nil and $3.6 million of deferred offering costs capitalized as of
December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Segment Reporting—The Company’s
chief operating decision-maker is the Chief Executive Officer who makes
resource allocation decisions and assesses performance based on financial
information presented on a consolidated basis. There are no segment managers
who are held accountable by the chief operating decision-maker, or anyone
else, for operations, operating results, and planning for levels or
components below the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, the Company has a
single reportable and operating segment structure. Asset Acquisitions and
Business Combinations—The Company performs an initial test to determine
whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets transferred
are concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar
identifiable assets, such that the acquisition would not represent a
business. If that test suggests that the set of assets and activities is a
business, the Company then performs a second test to evaluate whether the
assets and activities transferred include inputs and substantive processes
that together, significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs,
which would constitute a business. If the result of the second test suggests
that the acquired assets and activities constitute a business, the Company
accounts for the transaction as a business combination. For transactions
accounted for as business combinations, the Company allocates the fair value
of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair
values. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of any promised
contingent consideration. The excess of the fair value of acquisition
consideration over the fair value of acquired identifiable assets and
liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Contingent consideration F-48

is remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with changes in the
fair value of contingent consideration recorded in general and
administrative expenses. Such valuations require
management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with
respect to intangible assets. Management’s estimates of fair value are based
upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently
uncertain and
unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. In
certain circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase price are
based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to revision
when the Company receives
final information, including appraisals and other analyses. During the
measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, the Company
may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with
the corresponding offset
to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed
as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired
on the basis of relative fair values. The Company generally includes
contingent consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only when the
uncertainty is resolved. The Company recognizes contingent consideration
adjustments to the cost of the
acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line method over the
remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset
acquisitions.

Services and Development Agreements—The Company enters into strategic
agreements with mobile gaming studios (“Partner
Studios”). The Company has historically allowed these Partner Studios to
continue their operations with a significant degree of autonomy. In some
cases, the Company bought Apps from Partner Studios and entered into service
and development
agreements whereby Partner Studios provide support in improving existing
Apps and developing new Apps. The substantial majority of payments
associated with service agreements for existing Apps are expensed to
research and development when the
services are rendered as the payments primarily relate to developing
enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps associated with development
agreements are generally made in connection with the development of a
particular App, and therefore,
the Company is subject to development risk prior to the release of the App.
Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of an App are
generally expensed to research and development over the development period
as the services are incurred.
Payments due after completion of an App are generally capitalized and
expensed as cost of revenue. See Note 6, “Acquisitions” for additional
information.

Software Development Costs—The Company incurs development costs related to
internal-use software and the development of Apps. The Company reviews
software development costs on a quarterly basis to determine if the costs
qualify for capitalization. As a result of an agile and
iterative development process, the preliminary project stage remains ongoing
until just prior to launch, at which time final feature selection occurs. As
such, software development costs do not meet the criteria for capitalization
and are expensed
as incurred to research and development expenses. The Company did not
capitalize any software development costs during the years ended December
31, 2018, 2019 and 2020.

Goodwill—Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment
on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, or
more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist.
Triggering events that may indicate impairment include, but are not limited
to, a significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate that
could affect the value
of goodwill or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When
conducting quantitative annual goodwill impairment assessments, the Company
compares the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying value. If
the carrying value of a
reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the Company records a goodwill
impairment. Commencing January 1, 2019, the lesser of (i) the entire amount
by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value or
(ii) the
carrying value of goodwill allocated to such

F-49

reporting unit is recorded as an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31,
2018, 2019 and 2020, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.

Intangible Assets—This consists of identifiable intangible assets, primarily
Apps, user base, developed technology and
intellectual property licenses resulting from acquisitions. Acquired
intangible assets are recorded at cost, net of accumulated amortization.
Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives, generally 2 to
7 years. The Company’s estimates of useful lives of intangible assets are
based on cash flow forecasts which incorporate various assumptions,
including forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level
of user engagement.

Intangible assets also include costs of intellectual property that the
Company licenses from third parties for use of their content in
the Company’s game. The licensing agreements include license payments, which
are due over the terms of the agreements. The Company recognizes these
license payments as a license asset and a license obligation at the fair
value on the contract
date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The amortization of the
licensed asset commences when the game with licensed content is launched and
when licensed agreement is executed and is recorded in cost of revenue on a
straight-line method over
the remaining license terms or estimated useful life of the game with
licensed content, whichever is shorter. The classification of the license
obligations between current and long-term is based on the expected timing of
the payments to the
licensor.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets—The Company reviews long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate an asset’s carrying value may not be
recoverable. If such circumstances are present, the Company assesses the
recoverability of the long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value to
the undiscounted future
cash flows associated with the related assets. If the future net
undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the
assets are considered impaired and an expense equal to the amount required
to reduce the carrying value of
the assets to the estimated fair value is recorded as an impairment of
intangible assets in the consolidated statements of operations. Significant
judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows
and the relative risk of
achieving those cash flows. Assumptions and estimates about future values
and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be
affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as
industry and economic trends, and
internal factors such as changes in the Company’s business strategy and
internal forecasts. For example, if future operating results do not meet
current forecasts, the Company may be required to record future impairment
charges for acquired
intangible assets. Additional factors which significantly affect future cash
flows related to long-lived assets include, but are not limited to,
forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level of user
engagement. Significant
changes in these factors may require the Company to reassess recoverability
of long-lived assets and record impairment. Impairment charges could
materially decrease future net income and result in lower asset values on
the Company’s
consolidated balance sheet. There were no material impairment charges
recorded for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020.

Cost of Revenue—Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees related to Consumer Revenue and
paid to the Company’s distribution partners, amortization of intangible
assets related to acquired technology and Apps, and expenses associated with
operating network infrastructure which include bandwidth, energy, and other
equipment costs
related to the co-located data centers and costs for third-party cloud
service providers.

Sales and Marketing—Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses,
sales incentives, and amortization of acquired separately-identifiable user-
related intangible assets. Related costs associated with these functions
such as, marketing programs, travel, customer service costs as well as
allocated facilities and
information technology costs are also

F-50

included in sales and marketing expenses. Costs for advertising are expensed
as incurred. Advertising costs, which consist primarily of user acquisition
costs, totaled $143.9 million,
$436.1 million and $550.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2018,
2019 and 2020, respectively.

Research and Development—Research and development expenses include new
product development costs such as salaries and employee benefits, consulting
costs, stock-based compensation, regulatory compliance costs as well as
allocated facilities and
information technology costs.

General and Administrative—General and administrative expenses include costs
associated
with the Company’s finance, accounting, legal, human resources, and
administrative personnel. Related costs associated with these functions,
such as attorney and accounting fees, recruiting services, administrative
services, insurance, travel,
as well as allocated facilities and information technology costs are also
included in general and administrative expenses.

Stock-Based Compensation—The Company estimates the fair value of employee
stock-based compensation awards on the grant date
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognizes the grant date
fair value as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires
use of various assumptions,
including expected option life and expected stock price volatility. The
Company determines the expected option life as the average of the options’
contractual term and the options’ vesting period. The Company estimates the
options’
volatility using volatilities of public companies in a comparable industry,
stage of life cycle, and size. The Company is using the straight-line method
for recording stock-based compensation expense and recognizes forfeitures as
they occur. The
Company accounts for non-employee stock-based compensation awards similar to
employee stock-based compensation awards.Additionally, stock-based
compensation also includes liability classified options
to employees that may be settled in the stock of one of the Company’s
subsidiaries.

Income Taxes—The Company
accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which
requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
financial statements. Under this
method, the Company determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the
basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in
which the differences are
expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax
assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes
the enactment date.

The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative
evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning
strategies, and results of recent operations. If the Company determines that
it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of
their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation
allowance would be
made to reduce the provision for income taxes.

The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than
not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical
merits of the position; and (2) for those tax
positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the
Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50%
likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a tax
authority.

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on the income tax expense line in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Accrued interest and
penalties are included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated
balance sheets.

F-51

Foreign Currency Transactions—Generally, the functional currency of our
international subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. In cases where the functional
currency is not the U.S. dollar, the Company translates the financial
statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at
the prevailing
consolidated balance sheet date for assets and liabilities, and average
exchange rates during the period for revenue and costs and expenses. The
Company records translation gains and losses in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) as a
component of stockholders’ equity. The Company reflects foreign exchange
transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the
transaction currency to functional currency, which includes gains and losses
from the remeasurement of
assets and liabilities, as a component of other income (expense), net.

Comprehensive Income (Loss)—Comprehensive income
(loss) is composed of net income (loss) and other comprehensive income
(loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of gains and losses on
cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation adjustments.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders—Basic and
diluted net income (loss) per share attributable
to common stockholders is presented under the two-class method required for
participating securities. The Company considers its convertible preferred
stock, options exercised in exchange for nonrecourse
promissory notes, early exercised unvested stock options and unvested
restricted stock awards to be participating securities. Under the two-class
method, the net loss attributable to common stockholders is not
allocated to convertible preferred stock, options exercised in exchange for
nonrecourse promissory notes, early exercised unvested common stock options
and unvested restricted stock awards as the holders of these instruments do
not have a
contractual obligation to share in the Company’s losses. Net income is
attributed to common stockholders and participating securities based on
their participation rights. Basic net loss per share attributable to common
stockholders is computed
by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the
weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders
adjusts basic earnings per share for
the potentially dilutive impact of stock options.

Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests—For
less-than-wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries, noncontrolling interest is
the portion of equity not attributable, directly or indirectly, to AppLovin.
We evaluate whether noncontrolling interests possess any redemption features
outside of our
control. If such features exist, the noncontrolling interests are presented
outside of permanent equity on the consolidated balance sheets within
redeemable noncontrolling interest. We report revenues, expenses and net
income (loss) from
less-than-wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries at the consolidated
amounts, including both the amounts attributable to the Company and
noncontrolling interests; the income or loss attributable to the
noncontrolling interest holders is reflected in
net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interest on the
consolidated statements of operation. Redeemable noncontrolling interests
are adjusted to the greater of their fair value or carrying value as of each
balance sheet date.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted)— In December
2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the
Accounting for Income Taxes. The ASU impacts various topic areas within ASC
740, including accounting for taxes under hybrid tax regimes, accounting for
increases in goodwill, allocation of tax amounts to separate company
financial statements within a group that files a consolidated tax return,
intra period tax allocation, interim period accounting, and accounting for
ownership changes in
investments, among other minor codification improvements. These changes
become effective for the Company on January 1, 2021. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact of these changes.

In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-01,Investments—Equity
Securities (Topic321), Investments—Equity Method and Joint Ventures
(Topic323), and Derivatives and Hedging

F-52

(Topic815), which clarifies the interaction of the accounting for equity
securities under Topic 321, the accounting for equity method investments in
Topic 323, and the accounting for certain forward contracts and purchased
options in Topic 815. These changes become effective for the Company on
January 1, 2021. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of
these
changes.

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and
Other Options (Subtopic 470-20)and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in
Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40):Accounting for Convertible Instruments
and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity, to simplify the accounting for
certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and
equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity’s own
equity. The standard
eliminates beneficial conversion feature and cash conversion models
resulting in more convertible instruments being accounted for as a single
unit; and simplifies classification of debt on the balance sheet and
earnings per share calculation. These
changes will become effective for the Company on January 1, 2022. The
Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of these changes.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted)—In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This ASU and subsequently issued amendments
require a lessee to recognize leases with the term greater than 12 months on
the consolidated balance sheet. The
standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. In July 2018, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11, Targeted Improvements—Leases (Topic 842). This
update provides an optional transition method, by which entities may elect
not to recast the comparative periods presented in financial statements in
the period of adoption and recognize a cumulative
effect adjustment in the period of adoption. If elected, an entity would
recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained
earnings in the year of adoption. The Company adopted the new standard as of
January 1, 2019
using the optional transition method that provides for a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings upon adoption. There was no impact on the
Company’s accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2019 as a result of the
adoption of this
standard. On January 1, 2019, the adoption of the new lease standard
resulted in the recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets of $10.1
million and
operating lease liabilities, including operating lease liabilities—current
and non-current, of $2.2 million and $7.9 million, respectively.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations
(Topic805) Clarifying the Definition of a Business, which clarifies the
definition of a business to assist entities with evaluating whether
transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of
assets or businesses. The definition of a business affects many areas of
accounting including acquisitions, disposals, goodwill and consolidation.
This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2018, with
early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the standard on January 1,
2019 using the prospective transition approach, with no material financial
statement impact upon adoption.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other
(Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which eliminates
the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a
goodwill impairment change. ASU 2017-04 is effective
prospectively for fiscal years, and the interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The Company
adopted the standard on January 1, 2019, with no material financial
statement impact
upon adoption.

In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815) Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities, which
improves the transparency and understandability of information conveyed to
financial statement users about an entity’s risk management activities by
better
aligning the entity’s financial reporting for hedging relationships with

F-53

those risk management activities; and reduces the complexity of and
simplifies the application of hedge accounting by preparers. This standard
is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company adopted the standard
on January 1, 2019 with no material financial statement impact upon
adoption.

In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation-Stock Compensation
(Topic718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This
standard expands the scope of Topic 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation
(which currently only includes share-based payments to
employees) to include share-based payments issued to nonemployees for goods
or services. Consequently, the accounting for share-based payments to
nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned. This standard is
effective for interim and
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption
permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2018-07 on January 1, 2019 with no
material financial statement impact upon adoption.

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU
2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which added a new impairment model
(known as the current expected credit loss
(“CECL”) model) that is based on expected losses rather than incurred
losses. Under the new guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance its
estimate of expected credit losses. The CECL requires the measurement and
recognition of
expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost,
including trade receivables. The CECL model does not have a minimum
threshold for recognition of impairment losses and entities will need to
measure expected credit losses on assets
that have a low risk of loss. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1,
2020 with no material financial statement impact upon adoption.

In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13,Fair Value Measurement (Topic
820): Disclosure Framework—Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair
Value Measurement, which amended the fair value measurement guidance by
removing or clarifying certain existing disclosure requirements, while also
adding new disclosure
requirements. Specifically, this update removed certain disclosures related
to Level 1 and Level 2 transfers. It also removed the discussion regarding
valuation processes of Level 3 fair value measurements. The update modifies
guidance related to investments in certain entities that calculate net asset
value to explicitly require disclosure regarding timing of liquidation of
the investee’s assets and timing of redemption restrictions. The update adds
disclosures
around the changes in gains and losses in other comprehensive income for
recurring Level 3 investments held at the end of the reporting period and
adds disclosures regarding certain unobservable inputs on Level 3 fair value
measurements.
The Company adopted ASU 2018-13 on January 1, 2020 with no material
financial statement impact upon adoption.

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Facilitation of the Effects
of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting (Topic 848). The ASU
provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to
transactions affected by reference rate (e.g., LIBOR) reform if certain
criteria are met, for a limited period of time
to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects
of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. The ASU is effective for
all companies as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The FASB also
issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope in January
2021. It clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic
848 apply to derivatives that are affected by the
discounting transition. The amendments in this ASU affect the guidance in
ASU No. 2020-04 and are effective in the same timeframe as ASU No. 2020-04.
The
Company elected to adopt this guidance prospectively as of March 31, 2020 as
it has LIBOR-based contracts extending beyond the expected discontinuation
of LIBOR, including its senior secured term loan facility and revolving
credit facility. The
adoption of this guidance did not materially impact the Company’s
consolidated financial statements.

F-54

3. Fair Value Measurements The following table sets forth the Company’s
financial instruments that were measured at fair value by level within the
fair value hierarchy on a recurring basis as of the dates indicated (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2019                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                  Level  
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2            3  
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset:                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $  340,532    $  340,532    $        —    $       —  
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Liabi…                                                                    
  Inter…    Accrued                                                         
  rate      liabil…    $    5,336    $        —    $    5,336    $       —  
  swap                                                                      
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2020                             
            Balance                                                  Level  
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2            3  
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset…                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $    6,413    $    6,413    $        —    $       —  
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
  Embed…    Long-t…         5,680             —             —        5,680  
  deriv…    debt                                                            
  Total                                                                     
  finan…               $   12,093    $    6,413    $        —    $   5,680  
  assets                                                                    
  Finan…                                                                    
  Liabi…                                                                    
            Deferr…                                                         
  Conve…    acquis…    $   46,500    $        —    $        —    $  46,500  
  secur…    costs,                                                          
            current                                                         
                                                                            
Convertible Security In November 2020, the Company issued a convertible
security as part of the consideration exchanged for certain mobile game Apps
acquired from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer, as
discussed in Note 6. The Company has elected to account for the convertible
security using the fair value option. Under the fair value option, the
financial liability is initially measured at its issue-date estimated fair
value and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring
basis at each reporting period date. The fair value of the convertible
security was determined using the probability-weighted expected return
method (“PWERM”). This valuation methodology is based on unobservable
estimates and judgements, and therefore is classified as a Level 3 fair
value measurement. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of the convertible security is the expected timing of occurrence
of an IPO, which was estimated to be 50% and 25% probable of occurring in
the first and second half of 2021, respectively, as of December 31, 2020.
Fair value measurements are highly sensitive to changes in this input and
significant changes in this input would result in a significantly higher or
lower fair value. The fair value of the convertible security was determined
to be $45 million as of the issuance date. For the year ended December 31,
2020, the Company recorded a total loss of $1.5 million in other income
(expense), net in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations due to
the change in fair value of the convertible security. The convertible
security is included in deferred acquisition costs, current, in the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Embedded Derivative Loans issued
under the Credit Agreement contain certain interest adjustment feature that
was determined to be an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation and
separate accounting, as discussed in Note 9. The embedded derivative was
initially valued and remeasured using a “with-and-without” F-55

method. The “with-and-without” methodology involves valuing the whole
instrument with and without the embedded derivative using a discounted cash
flow approach. The difference of the estimated fair value between the
instrument with the embedded derivative and the instrument without the
embedded derivative is the fair value of the embedded derivative. This
valuation methodology is based on unobservable estimates and judgements, and
therefore is classified as a Level 3 fair value measurement. The significant
unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the embedded
derivative is the expected timing of occurrence of an IPO, which was
estimated to be 50% and 25% probable of occurring in the first and second
half of 2021, respectively, as of December 31, 2020. Fair value measurements
are highly sensitive to changes in these inputs and significant changes in
these inputs would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value. The
fair value of the embedded derivative was determined to be nominal as of the
respective loan issuance dates. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the
Company recorded a total gain of $5.7 million in other income (expense), net
in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations due to the change in
fair value of the embedded derivative. The following table presents a
reconciliation of the Company’s financial asset and liability measured at
fair value as of December 31, 2020 using significant unobservable inputs
(Level 3), and the change in fair value (in thousands):
                                                                         
                                             Embedded       Convertible  
                                           Derivative          Security  
  Balance as of December 31, 2019                   —                 —  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Initial fair value recognition                    —            45,000  
  Change in fair value recognized in            5,680             1,500  
  earnings                                                               
  Balance as of December 31, 2020       $       5,680    $       46,500  
                                                                         
4. Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2019             2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment                   $        29,505       $   33,977     
  Leasehold improvements                           421           18,176     
  Software and licenses                          2,994            3,191     
  Furniture and fixtures                           333            2,824     
  Total property and equipment                  33,253           58,168     
  Less: accumulated depreciation               (25,352  )       (29,581  )  
  Total property and equipment, net    $         7,901       $   28,587     
                                                                            
Depreciation expenses were $7.6 million, $7.9 million and $14.2 million for
the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. As of
December 31, 2019 and 2020, networking equipment under finance leases with a
cost basis of $20.0 million and $21.0 million, respectively, was included in
computer equipment. 5. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments—In December
2020, the Company entered into a commercial agreement with a cloud service
provider under which the Company committed to spend a minimum of $130.0
million on certain cloud platform services over a period of five years. As
of December 31, 2020, the Company F-56

had $131.2 million and $5.0 million of non-cancelableminimum purchase
commitments, primarily related to the cloud service provider, and obtaining
rights to intellectual property from third-party developers, respectively.
Future minimum payments under these non-cancelablepurchase commitments were
as follows (in thousands):
                                                           
  2021                                         $   16,389  
  2022                                             27,436  
  2023                                             28,423  
  2024                                             31,000  
  2025                                             33,000  
  Total non-cancelable purchase commitments    $  136,248  
                                                           
Payments made under these non-cancelablepurchase commitments were not
material for the year ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020.
Contingencies—From time to time, the Company may have certain contingent
liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. The
Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future
expenditures will be made, and such expenditures can be reasonably
estimated. Letters of Credit—As of December 31, 2020, the Company had
outstanding letters of credit in the aggregate amount of $11.1 million,
which were issued as security for certain leased office facilities under the
Credit Agreement (see Note 9). These letters of credit have never been drawn
upon. As of December 31, 2019, the outstanding letter of credit was
immaterial. Legal Proceedings—The Company is involved from time to time in
litigation, claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s legal
proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant
uncertainty. The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss
has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is
determined that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss
can be estimated, the reasonably possible loss is disclosed. The Company
evaluates developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of
liability that has been previously accrued, and related reasonably possible
losses disclosed, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment
is required to determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount
of a loss related to such matters. To date, losses in connection with legal
proceedings have not been material. The Company expenses legal fees in the
period in which they are incurred. Indemnifications—The Company enters into
indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the
ordinary course of business, including certain customers, business partners,
investors, contractors and the Company’s officers, directors and certain
employees. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under
these indemnification provisions due to the Company’s limited history of
prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved
in each particular provision. To date, losses recorded in the Company’s
consolidated statements of operations in connection with the indemnification
provisions have not been material. As of December 31, 2020, the Company did
not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or
reasonably possible. Non-incomeTaxes—The Company may be subject to audit by
various tax authorities with regard to non-incometax matters. The subject
matter of non-incometax audits primarily arises from different F-57

interpretations on tax treatment and tax rates applied. The Company accrues
liabilities for non-incometaxes that may result from examinations by, or any
negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable
and reasonably estimable, and the expense is recorded as a reduction of
revenue or to general and administrative expenses depending on the nature of
the liability. 6. Acquisitions 2018 Acquisitions PeopleFun, Inc.—On March
31, 2018, the Company closed a stock purchase agreement with PeopleFun,
Inc., a Richardson, Texas based privately held company specializing in
mobile gaming. The Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of PeopleFun for a purchase price of $19.8 million in cash.
There was an additional earn-out(i.e., contingent consideration) to be paid
to the sellers of up to $79.2 million over five years, contingent on the
acquired company meeting certain terms as defined in the stock purchase
agreement. The fair value of the contingent consideration was $52.4 million
on the acquisition date. The closing consideration consisted of $19.8
million plus a net working capital adjustment of $1.7 million. Transaction
costs incurred in connection with the acquisition were $0.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2018 and were recorded to general and administrative
expenses. This transaction has been accounted for as a business combination.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price and the
identifiable assets acquired as of the amendment date (in thousands):
                                                            
  Cash                                       $      714     
  Accounts receivable                             6,398     
  Prepaid expenses and other current                121     
  assets                                                    
  Intangible assets:                                        
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5              230     
  years                                                     
  Games—estimated useful life of 3 years         10,220     
  User install base—estimated useful life           400     
  of 3 months                                               
  Goodwill                                       61,790     
  Property and equipment                             42     
  Other assets                                       17     
  Accounts payable                               (2,947  )  
  Accrued expenses                               (3,049  )  
  Total purchase price                       $   73,936     
  Contingent consideration                      (52,429  )  
  Cash consideration                         $   21,507     
                                                            
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps, installed user-
base, and tradename. Goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes,
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the
identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. In December 2018, subsequent to the completion of this
acquisition, the terms of the earn-outpayment were amended to provide for a
one-timepayment by the Company of $41.6 million which includes 114,372
shares of the Company’s Class A common stock with a fair value of $0.2
million. The cash amount of $41.4 million was paid and 114,372 shares were
issued in 2019. As the amendment to the terms of the earn-out payment was
based on facts and circumstances that did not exist as of the F-58

acquisition date, a modification was made to the original terms and
conditions, and the Company recognized a gain of $10.8 million, representing
the difference between the carrying value of the contingent consideration
liability and the fair value of the amended payment, in the period the
amendment was made rather than recording a change to the purchase price. As
part of the agreement, the Company also agreed to issue restricted stock
awards for 3,120,738 shares of Class A common stock which vest ratably over
a two-yearservice period. These awards were issued in 2019. As the
restricted stock awards represented grants to employees for future service,
the Company accounts for these awards as stock-based compensation to
employees and recognizes the expense over the vesting period. MAX
Advertising Systems, Inc.—On September 4, 2018, the Company acquired MAX
Advertising Systems, Inc., a San Francisco, California based privately-held
company specializing in software solutions. The Company purchased all of the
outstanding capital stock of MAX Advertising Systems, Inc. for a purchase
price of $31.9 million in cash and $0.7 million in 438,240 shares of common
stock valued at $1.68 per share. Transaction costs incurred by the Company
in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were $0.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2018 and were recorded to general
and administrative expenses. This transaction was accounted for as a
business combination. The following table summarizes the allocation of the
purchase price and the identifiable assets acquired as of the closing date
(in thousands):
                                                         
  Cash                                     $   1,093     
  Accounts receivable                             52     
  Prepaid expenses and other current              11     
  assets                                                 
  Intangible assets:                                     
  Developed technology—estimated useful        3,200     
  life of 3 years                                        
  Goodwill                                    30,038     
  Property and equipment                          32     
  Other assets                                   334     
  Accounts payable                            (2,124  )  
  Other current liabilities                       (1  )  
  Total purchase price                     $  32,635     
  Issuance of common stock                      (735  )  
  Cash consideration                       $  31,900     
                                                         
The cost approach was utilized to value the developed technology. Goodwill,
which is not deductible for tax purposes, represents the excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and assumed
liabilities acquired and is primarily attributable to the assembled
workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition. 2019
Acquisitions Business Combinations—During the year ended December 31, 2019,
the Company acquired certain businesses for an aggregate purchase
consideration of $54.6 million. The fair value of the acquired components
was allocated to goodwill in the amount of $38.5 million, intangible assets
in the amount of $15.2 million, and $0.9 million of other tangible net
assets. These acquisitions are generally expected to enhance the Company’s
Software and expand its Apps. $51.6 million of the aggregate purchase
consideration for these acquisitions was paid in cash with the unpaid
balance of $3.0 million attributed to the deferred consideration expected to
be paid within 12 months. The weighted average F-59

amortization period of the acquired intangible assets was 3.5 years at
acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. The $3.0 million
deferred consideration was subsequently paid
in October 2020.

Recoded asset acquisition—In January 2019, the Company acquired a mobile
game App from an independent
foreign-based mobile game developer in exchange for an upfront cash
consideration of $150.0 million and a deferred cash consideration of $90.0
million. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with
$240.0 million
allocated to the acquired mobile game App, which will be amortized over five
years. Additionally, the Company entered into service and development
agreements with the independent game developer to support the initially
acquired game App as well as
to develop new game Apps. Based on the service agreement, the Company is
required to make future one-time earn-out payments, of either $60.0 million
or
$30.0 million per game depending on the nature of the new game App
developed, subject to the achievement of a certain monthly revenue milestone
in the initial thirty-six months following the launch of a
new game App. The term of the service agreement is initially three years,
after which time the agreement is terminable by either party upon thirty
days’ written notice. Based on the development agreement, the Company is
also required to make
future one-time earn-out payments, during the term of six years, of $10.0
million for each of two additional new game Apps developed, subject to the
achievement of
the same monthly revenue milestone in the initial thirty-six months
following the launch of such game Apps.

Samfinaco games asset acquisition—In August 2019, the Company acquired four
mobile game Apps from an entity based in Cyprus,
which were developed by an independent foreign-based mobile game developer,
in exchange for an upfront cash consideration of $131.6 million, a deferred
cash consideration of $22.5 million due in the next 15 months and future
earn-out payments for each of the four years from the date of the
transaction which are based on the greater of (i) a predetermined percentage
of revenue or (ii) a predetermined percentage of earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization generated by the
acquired game Apps. The transaction was accounted for as an asset
acquisition with $167.1 million allocated to the acquired mobile game Apps,
$17.1 million allocated to
deferred tax liability (see Note 15, “Income Taxes,” for subsequent
accounting) and the remaining $4.1 million allocated primarily to acquired
cash, accounts receivable and assumed accounts payable. The recorded value
of acquired
mobile game Apps is amortized over five years. During 2019 and 2020, the
Company recognized earn-out costs of $4.1 million and $15.3 million,
respectively, by increasing the book value of the
initially acquired mobile game Apps, which is amortized over the remaining
useful life of the acquired game Apps. Additionally, the Company entered
into service and development agreements with the independent mobile game
developer to support the
initially acquired game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps. The
Company is required to make future earn-out payments based on performance
metrics of the newly developed game Apps which are similar to the
performance metrics of the initially acquired mobile game Apps during the
four years from the date of the transaction.

Other asset acquisitions—In April 2019, the Company acquired assets from an
independent mobile game developer located in the United States in exchange
for upfront cash consideration of $59.4 million and deferred cash
consideration of
$10.5 million due in the next 15 months. The acquisition was accounted for
as an asset acquisition with $68.3 million allocated to user-base, $1.3
million to developed technology and $0.3 million to other assets. The
recorded
value of the acquired user-base asset is amortized over 7 years. The
recorded value of the acquired developed technology is amortized over 2
years.

The Company also acquired certain assets through a number of other asset
acquisitions for an aggregated cash consideration of
$16.2 million, substantially all of which was attributable to acquired
mobile game Apps.

F-60

2020 Acquisitions Geewa—On January 31, 2020, the Company acquired Geewa A.S.
(“Geewa”), a privately held company specializing in mobile gaming. The
transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been
accounted for as a business combination. The Company purchased all of the
outstanding shares of the capital stock of Geewa for a total consideration
of $25.6 million of which $23.5 million was paid in cash and the unpaid
balance was attributed to a $2.1 million indemnity holdback that will be
paid in the next 12 months. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in
connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were $0.3
million. The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                      $   1,043     
  Accounts receivable and other current         1,457     
  assets                                                  
  Intangible assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of 5 years        17,040     
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            260     
  years                                                   
  Developed Technology—estimated useful           590     
  life of 2 years                                         
  Property, equipment and other tangible          369     
  assets                                                  
  Goodwill                                      9,805     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities        (4,935  )  
  and other liabilities                                   
  Total purchase consideration              $  25,629     
                                                          
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Pro forma
results of operations have not been presented because the effect of the
acquisition was not material to the consolidated statements of operations.
Redemption Games—On April 6, 2020, the Company acquired Redemption Games,
Inc. (“Redemption Games”), a privately held company specializing in mobile
gaming. The transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio
and has been accounted for as a business combination. As part of the
transaction, the Company purchased 95.5% of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of Redemption Games for an aggregate total consideration of
$53.7 million. Based on the consideration paid and the percent acquired, the
transaction implied a total value for Redemption of $56.2 million.
Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with the
acquisition, including professional fees, were $0.6 million. In November
2020, the Company increased its ownership in Redemption Games to 98.2% by
exchanging 2.7% of minority shares for the Company’s Class A common stock.
The difference between the $4.5 million in fair value of the Class A common
stock issued and the $1.5 million in fair value of the minority shares was
recognized as stock-based compensation in research and development expenses.
F-61

The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                     $    2,787     
  Accounts receivable, net                      1,850     
  Intangible Assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of 5 years        44,000     
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            900     
  years                                                   
  Goodwill                                     20,198     
  Other tangible assets                           131     
  Accounts payable                             (2,492  )  
  Other liabilities                           (11,142  )  
  Total valuation                              56,232     
  Redeemable noncontrolling interest           (2,556  )  
  Total purchase consideration             $   53,676     
                                                          
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Pro forma
results of operations have not been presented because the effect of the
acquisition was not material. Machine Zone, Inc.—On May 19, 2020, the
Company acquired Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone”), a privately held
company specializing in mobile gaming. The transaction is expected to expand
the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been accounted for as a business
combination. The Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of Machine Zone and settled all Machine Zone debt for an
aggregate acquisition price of $328.6 million comprising $287.1 million cash
paid to Machine Zone lenders, common stock warrants issued to Machine Zone
lenders and preferred stockholders with the aggregate fair value of $38.2
million and a settlement of the preexisting accounts receivable balance of
$3.3 million. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with
the acquisition, including professional fees, were $2.8 million. The Company
also assumed an IP license agreement with a third-party game content
provider that was included in the Machine Zone acquisition. The term of the
IP license agreement is set to expire in December 2021 with the option to
renew for additional terms by the mutual agreement of the parties. The
remaining future fixed payments under the IP license agreement as of the
date of the Machine Zone acquisition amounted to $37.1 million. F-62

The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                             
  Cash                                       $    37,767     
  Accounts receivable and other current           27,284     
  assets                                                     
  Intangible assets                                          
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 10           13,000     
  years                                                      
  Apps—estimated useful life of 3—5 years        272,000     
  IP license—useful life of 2 years               28,551     
  Goodwill                                        82,353     
  Right-of-use assets under operating            125,639     
  leases                                                     
  Property, equipment and other tangible          42,312     
  assets                                                     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities          (81,591  )  
  and other liabilities                                      
  Deferred revenue                               (43,200  )  
  License obligations                            (35,685  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                   (139,875  )  
  Total purchase consideration               $   328,555     
                                                             
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename. The
replacement cost approach was used to value the IP license asset. Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the
identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.
Contemporaneously with the closing of the acquisition, the Company exited
from one of Machine Zone’s real estate leases. The Company accounted for
this lease termination as a transaction separate from the business
combination since the lease termination was negotiated primarily for the
benefit of the combined entity; the Company was the party who directly
negotiated this lease amendment with the lessor; and such negotiation took
place contemporaneously with the negotiation of the business combination.
The Company decreased the operating lease right-of-useasset and operating
lease liability by $57.6 million and $63.1 million, respectively. The
Company also wrote-off$15.0 million of leasehold improvements and other
assets related to this real estate lease. In connection with this
transaction the Company issued a common stock warrant with the fair value of
$0.4 million. The Company’s consolidated statements of operations include
Machine Zone’s revenue of $113.8 million and pretax loss of $89.7 million
for the period from the acquisition date of May 19, 2020 to December 31,
2020. The following unaudited supplemental pro forma information presents
the combined historical results of operations of the Company and Machine
Zone as if the business combination had been completed on January 1, 2019.
The pro forma financial information includes amortization of fair value
adjustments in the appropriate pro forma periods as though the companies
were combined as of the beginning of 2019. These adjustments include:
                                                                            
       An increase in amortization expense of $62.0 million and $23.6       
  •    million related to the fair value of acquired                        
       identifiable intangible assets in 2019 and 2020, respectively;       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       A decrease in revenue of $61.9 million related to fair value         
  •    adjustment of the deferred revenue balance in 2019                   
       with a corresponding increase in revenue of $61.9 million in 2020;   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       A decrease in expenses of $8.7 million related to acquisition        
  •    transaction expenses in 2020; there was no such                      
       adjustment necessary for 2019;                                       
                                                                            
F-63
                                                                            
       A decrease in interest expense of $147.9 million in 2019 and $106.0  
  •    million in 2020 related to Machine Zone                              
       pre-acquisition debt partially offset by interest expense related    
       to additional term loan issued by the Company;                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       A decrease in other income of $9.0 million and $1.7 million to       
  •    eliminate the fair value adjustments related to                      
       embedded derivative and the liability classified warrants in 2019    
       and 2020, respectively;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    An increase in provision for income taxes of $3.3 million and $34.7  
       million in 2019 and 2020, respectively.                              
                                                                            
The following table includes unaudited pro forma results (in thousands,
except per share data):
                                                                            
                                 Year Ended December                        
                                                 31,                        
                                                2019               2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                  $               1,332,476       $  1,625,476     
  Net (loss)                                (105,353  )        (179,415  )  
  Net (loss) per share     $                   (0.50  )    $      (0.83  )  
  — basic and diluted                                                       
                                                                            
Zenlife asset acquisition—In June 2020, the Company acquired certain mobile
game Apps from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer in
exchange for an upfront cash consideration of $160.0 million and future
earn-outpayments for each of the four years from the date of the transaction
based on the excess, if any, of revenue generated by the initially acquired
game App for such year above the sum of (i) an annual fixed baseline revenue
and (ii) the aggregate earn-outpayments made in prior years. The transaction
was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $173.3 million allocated to
the acquired mobile game Apps and $13.3 million to deferred tax liability.
The recorded value of acquired mobile game Apps is amortized over five
years. Additionally, the Company entered into a service and development
agreement with the independent mobile game developer to support the
initially acquired game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps during the
four-year term of the agreement. The Company is also required to make future
earn-outpayments for newly developed game Apps determined under the similar
approach as for the initially acquired mobile game Apps. Athena asset
acquisition—In November 2020, the Company acquired certain mobile game Apps
from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer in exchange for
upfront cash consideration of $110.0 million, deferred cash consideration of
$20.0 million due in the next 18 months with an acquisition-date fair value
of $19.0 million, a convertible security with a principal amount of $40.0
million and the acquisition date fair value of $45.0 million, and future
earn-outpayments for each of the four years from the date of the transaction
based on (i)(a) the revenue generated by the initially acquired game Apps in
excess of (b) a certain revenue threshold, multiplied by (ii) a
predetermined revenue multiple. In the event the Company closes an IPO
within 12 months of the transaction, the sellers may convert the instrument,
in whole or in part, into a maximum number of shares of the Company’s Class
A common stock equal to $40.0 million divided by a conversion price equal to
(i) the preceding 20-dayvolume-weighted average trading price per share of
the Company’s Class A common stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. In the event that
(i) the sellers only convert a portion of the instrument within the
applicable conversion period following the IPO or (ii) the IPO does not
close within 12 months of the transaction, the Company is required to redeem
the then outstanding portion of the convertible security in cash for the
remaining principal amount. The convertible security does not entitle the
sellers to any voting rights or other rights as stockholders of the
Company’s Class A common stock prior to conversion. The Company determined
that the convertible security represents predominantly a share-settled
obligation and recognized the instrument as a level 3 liability. For details
regarding the fair value measurement of the convertible security, see Note
3. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $170.7
million allocated to the acquired mobile game Apps, $4.0 million allocated
to the acquired tradename, and the remaining $0.7 million allocated to
deferred F-64

tax liability. The recorded value of acquired mobile game Apps and tradename
is amortized over 6 years. Additionally, the Company entered into a service
and development agreement with the
independent mobile game developer to support the initially acquired mobile
game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps during the four-year term of
the agreement. The Company is not required to make additional
earn-out payments for any new game Apps developed.

Other asset acquisitions—In
March and April 2020, the Company completed two asset acquisitions to
acquire two mobile game Apps from two separate independent foreign-based
mobile game developers in exchange for an aggregate upfront cash
consideration of $35.0 million and
future earn-out payments. Both transactions were accounted for as asset
acquisitions with $35.0 million allocated to the acquired mobile game Apps,
which will be amortized over three and five years.
Additionally, the Company entered into service and development agreements
with the independent mobile game developers to support the initially
acquired game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps. With respect to the
first asset acquisition,
future earn-out payments are based on a predetermined percentage of revenue
net of certain direct costs generated by the initially acquired game App, or
additional game Apps developed under the service and
development agreement, over the term of the agreement, which is initially
two years, but which may renew for an additional two-year term. With respect
to the second asset acquisition, future earn-out payments for each of the
four years from the date of the transaction are based on (i)(a) the revenue
generated by the initially acquired game App and any additional game Apps
developed under the service and
development agreement over the term of four years in excess of (b) a
baseline revenue threshold, multiplied by (ii) tiered revenue multiples, up
to a cumulative amount of $45.0 million. In 2020, the Company recognized
earn-out costs of $0.5 million and $6.0 million related to the first and
second asset acquisitions, respectively, by increasing the book value of the
initially acquired mobile game Apps, which are
amortized over the remaining useful life of the respective game Apps.

The Company also acquired certain assets through a number of
other asset acquisitions for an aggregated cash consideration of $46.4
million, substantially all of which was attributable to acquired mobile game
Apps.

Modification of asset acquisition-related contingent consideration — In
September 2020, the Company amended the terms of an
asset acquisition to settle the acquisition holdback and the earn-out due to
the sellers 12 months following the acquisition’s closing in 2019. Under the
terms of the amendment, the Company agreed to
settle a $34.8 million liability related to an acquisition holdback and
earn-out, with a combination of a cash payment of $3.4 million and the
Company’s Class A common stock at the fair
value of $106.1 million as of the settlement date, resulting in a $74.7
million extinguishment loss of the acquisition-related contingent
consideration. Subsequent to the issuance of the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended
December 31, 2019, the Company revised the fair value of the Company’s Class
A common stock as of the settlement date. As a result of the revision in the
fair value, the Company corrected the previously disclosed balances related
to the
settlement, such that the fair value of the Class A common stock settlement
increased from $48.4 million to $106.1 million and the extinguishment loss
increased from $17.0 million to $74.7 million. Management considered the
correction of the
subsequent event disclosure in the year ended December 31, 2019 to be
immaterial in nature based on qualitative and quantitative factors.

F-65

7. Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets, Net The following table presents
goodwill activity (in thousands):
                                                 
  December 31, 2018               $   98,645     
  Goodwill acquired                   38,515     
  Foreign currency translation           (39  )  
  December 31, 2019               $  137,121     
  Goodwill acquired                  112,356     
  Foreign currency translation           296     
  December 31, 2020               $  249,773     
                                                 
Acquired intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
        We…                                                                 
        Av…       As                              As                        
        Re…       of                              of                        
        Us…       D…                             De…                        
        Li…       3…                             31,                        
        (Y…       2…                             20…                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
        Gr…       A…       Net          G…       Ac…       N…               
        Ca…       A…       Bo…          C…       Am…       B…               
        Va…                Va…          V…                 V…               
  L…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  A…    4.3    $  4…    $  (6…  )    $  3…    $  1,…    $  (…  )    $  98…  
  U…    5.3       6…       (7…  )       6…       68…       (…  )       51…  
  b…                                                                        
  L…    0.8        —       —             —       28…       (…  )       17…  
  a…                                                                        
  D…    1.4       1…       (3…  )       1…       14…       (…  )       6,…  
  t…                                                                        
  O…    7.5       8…       (1…  )       6…       23…       (…  )       21…  
  T…                                                                        
  l…              5…       (7…  )       4…       1,…       (…  )       1,…  
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  S…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  A…    0.5       1…       (1…  )       2…       29…       (…  )       4,…  
  T…                                                                        
  i…           $  5…    $  (8…  )    $  4…    $  1,…    $  (…  )    $  1,…  
  a…                                                                        
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, short-lived mobile Apps were included in
prepaid expenses and other current assets. The Company recorded amortization
expenses related to acquired intangible assets as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                            Year Ended December                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2018         2019          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue        $                7,932    $  74,787    $  228,339  
  Sales and marketing                       495        7,641        11,587  
  Total                  $                8,427    $  82,428    $  239,926  
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2020, the expected future amortization expense related to
acquired intangible assets is estimated as follows (in thousands):
                              
  2021          $    270,818  
  2022               246,333  
  2023               244,396  
  2024               244,396  
  2025                75,036  
  Thereafter           9,623  
  Total         $  1,090,602  
                              
F-66

8. Leases Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently issued amendments require a
lessee to recognize leases with a term greater than 12 months on the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company elected the package of transition
practical expedients available for expired or existing contracts, which
allowed the Company to carryforward the historical assessments of (1)
whether contracts are or contain leases, (2) lease classification and (3)
initial direct costs. Also, for leases with a term greater than 12 months,
the Company records the related right-of-useasset and lease liability at the
present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company does not
separate lease and non-leasecomponents of contracts for real estate property
leases. The Company leases real estate property under operating leases. The
Company also leases networking equipment under arrangements with certain
providers of IT infrastructure services which were accounted as finance
leases or short-term operating leases. The Company’s leases do not provide a
readily determinable implicit rate. Therefore, the Company estimates its
incremental borrowing rate to discount the lease payments based on
information available at lease commencement. The Company determines its
incremental borrowing rate based on the rate of interest it would have to
pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with an equal lease payment amount,
over a similar term, and in a similar economic environment. Operating
Leases—The Company leases real estate property at approximately 20
locations. These leases are classified as operating leases. As of December
31, 2020, the remaining lease terms varied from 12 months to 9.2 years. For
certain leases the Company has an option to extend the lease term for
periods varying from 2 to 5 years. These renewal options are not considered
in the remaining lease term unless it is reasonably certain that the Company
will exercise such options. For leases with an initial term greater than 12
months, the Company has recorded a right-of-useasset and lease liability
representing the fixed component of the lease payments. The Company leases
networking equipment from several vendors under month-to-monthlease
arrangements with renewal options. The renewal options are included in the
lease term because it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise
such options. For one of the vendors the lease term is 12 months, and such
leases are classified as short-term leases. Further, the Company leases
networking equipment colocation space from one of its vendors located in two
sectors. For one of the sectors the lease term is less than 12 months, and
such leases are classified as short-term leases. The table below presents
the operating lease-related assets and liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       Balance Sheet    
                                2019            2020       Classification   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease                                          Operating lease  
  right-of-use       $        14,895       $  84,336       right-of-use     
  assets                                                   assets           
  Current                                                  Operating lease  
  operating lease    $         2,510       $  22,206       liabilities      
  liabilities                                                               
  Non-current                                              Operating lease  
  operating lease    $        12,745       $  71,755       liabilities,     
  liabilities                                              non-current      
  Weighted-avera…                                                           
  remaining term                 5.0             3.7                        
  (years)                                                                   
  Weighted-avera…                6.0  %          4.7  %                     
  discount rate                                                             
                                                                            
F-67

The table below presents certain information related to the lease costs for
operating leases which are allocated to cost of revenue, sales and
marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                              Year Ended December                           
                                              31,                           
                                             2018        2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease        $                  2,784    $  3,520    $  17,372  
  cost                                                                      
  Short-term lease                          3,559       3,231        8,196  
  cost                                                                      
  Variable lease cost                         276         479        2,147  
  Total lease cost       $                  6,619    $  7,230    $  27,715  
                                                                            
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease
liabilities was $3.2 million and $23.8 million for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Right-of-use assets acquired under
operating leases was $7.4 million and $10.8 million for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Networking equipment finance
leases—Leases from networking equipment vendors have a term of 32-36months
and are classified as finance leases. The Company has recorded a right-of-
useasset and lease liability representing the fixed component of the lease
payments. The table below presents the finance lease-related assets and
liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                      Balance Sheet     
                                2019           2020       Classification    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Finance lease                                           Property and      
  right-of-use       $         2,343       $  5,067       equipment, net    
  assets                                                                    
  Current finance                                         Accrued           
  lease              $         1,387       $  2,821       liabilities       
  liabilities                                                               
  Non-current                                             Other             
  finance lease      $           940       $  2,340       non-current       
  liabilities                                             liabilities       
  Weighted-avera…                                                           
  remaining term                0.49           0.61                         
  (years)                                                                   
  Weighted-avera…                6.0  %         6.0  %                      
  discount rate                                                             
                                                                            
The Company recognized depreciation expenses related to finance lease of
networking equipment of $5.7 million, $5.5 million and $8.4 million for the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The Company
recognized interest expenses related to finance lease of networking
equipment of $0.4 million, $0.2 million, and $0.3 million for the years
ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Cash paid for amounts
included in the measurement of finance lease liabilities was $5.9 million
and $9.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively. F-68

One of the Company’s 2020 acquired companies entered into a sublease
agreement in 2017. This agreement is with unrelated third party to occupy
approximately 104,852 square feet of the Company’s research and office
space. We recorded rent expense on a straight-line basis for the lease, net
of sublease income. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we have the
following operating sublease information (in thousands):
                                                   
                                    Year Ended     
                                  December 31,     
                                          2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Fixed sublease expense       $         5,769     
  Variable sublease expense                836     
  Sublease income                       (5,678  )  
  Variable sublease income                (836  )  
  Net Loss                     $            91     
                                                   
Undiscounted cash flow—The tables below reconcile the undiscounted cash
flows for each of the first five years and total of the remaining years to
the operating and finance lease liabilities recorded in the consolidated
balance sheets under ASC 842 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                         As of December 31,                                 
                                       2020                                 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                  Networking                
                                  Operating        Equipment         Total  
                                     Leases          Finance                
                                                      Leases                
  2021                $              26,123    $       3,581    $   29,704  
  2022                               17,874            2,015        19,889  
  2023                               12,279              596        12,875  
  2024                               12,288                —        12,288  
  2025                               12,601                —        12,601  
  Thereafter                         29,783                —        29,783  
  Total lease                       110,948            6,192       117,140  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: amount                                                              
  representing                       16,987            1,031        18,018  
  interest                                                                  
  Present value of                                                          
  future lease                       93,961            5,161        99,122  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: current                                                             
  obligations                        22,206            2,821        25,027  
  under leases                                                              
  Non-current                                                               
  lease               $              71,755    $       2,340    $   74,095  
  obligations                                                               
                                                                            
In addition, the Company will receive $9.4 million and $4.8 million of
sublease income from one of its real estate leases in 2021 and 2022
respectively. As of December 31, 2020, we did not have any additional
significant lease that had not yet commenced. 9. Credit Agreement On August
15, 2018, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement which provided for
senior secured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $820.0 million
(the “Closing Term Loans”) and a revolving credit facility of $50.0 million.
On April 23, 2019, the Credit Agreement was amended to increase the senior
secured term loan facility by $400.0 million, on terms identical to those
applicable to the Closing Term Loans (together with the Closing Term Loans,
the “Initial Term Loans”). F-69

On April 27, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended to modify
certain negative covenants. On May 6, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further
amended (the “Third Amendment”) to increase the senior secured term loan
facility by an additional $300.0 million (the “Third Amendment Term Loans”,
and together with the Initial Term Loans, the “Term Loans”). On October 27,
2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended to increase the aggregate
principal amount of the revolving credit facility by an additional $540.0
million. The revolving loan facility has a $50.0 million letter of credit
sublimit. On November 30, 2020, the Company borrowed $150.0 million under
the revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Loans”). The Company is
required under the Credit Agreement, as amended, to make equal quarterly
repayments of (i) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, $3.1 million, and
(ii) with respect to the Third Amendment Term Loans, 0.25% of the aggregate
principal amount of the Third Amendment Term Loans made on the effective
date of the Third Amendment. The remaining principal amounts of the Term
Loans are due on August 15, 2025. With respect to the Revolving Credit
Loans, the principal amount is due on February 15, 2025. The Term Loans and
the Revolving Credit Loans bear interest due on a quarterly basis at a rate
equal to an applicable margin plus, at the Company’s option, either (a) a
base rate equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate then in effect, (ii)
the federal funds rate, plus 0.50% and (iii) the LIBOR rate, plus 1.0% (the
“base rate”), or (b) an adjusted LIBOR rate (the “LIBOR rate”). The
applicable margin with respect to the Term Loans is equal to 3.50% in the
case of LIBOR rate loans and 2.50% in the case of base rate loans. The
applicable margin with respect to the Revolving Credit Loans is equal to
2.50% in the case of LIBOR rate loans and 1.50% in the case of base rate
loans. The applicable margins for both the Term Loans and the Revolving
Credit Loans are subject to a reduction of 0.25% upon the closing of an IPO
and an additional reduction of 0.25% based on the Company’s consolidated
first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The Credit Agreement
requires the Company to prepay, subject to certain exceptions, the term loan
with:
                                                                            
       100% of net cash proceeds above a threshold amount of certain asset  
       sales, certain debt incurrences and casualty events,                 
       subject to, in the case of asset sales, casualty events, and sale    
       leasebacks, (i) step-downs to (x) 50% if the Company’s consolidated  
  •    first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than    
       or equal to 3.50 to 1.00, but greater                                
       than 2.50 to 1.00 and (y) 0% if the Company’s consolidated first     
       lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or       
       equal to 2.50 to 1.00, and (ii) reinvestment rights and certain      
       other exceptions;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       50% of annual excess cash flow above a threshold amount, subject to  
       (i) a step-down to 25% if the Company’s                              
       consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio    
       is less than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00, but greater than 3.50 to      
       1.00, and (ii) a step-down to 0% if the Company’s first lien net     
       leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.50                         
  •    to 1.00; provided that such prepayment is required only in the       
       amount (if any) by which such prepayment exceeds $10 million in      
       such fiscal year. The amount of excess cash flow is subject to       
       certain deductions and exceptions, including a dollar-for-dollar     
       reduction based on the amount of voluntary prepayments of term       
       loans and loans under the revolving credit facility (to the extent   
       accompanied by a permanent                                           
       commitment reduction); and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                         
  •    100% of the net cash proceeds of certain other debt incurrences.  
                                                                         
The Company is permitted to voluntarily prepay or repay outstanding loans
under the Revolving Credit Facility or Term Loans at any time, in whole or
in part, subject to prior written notice, minimum F-70

amount requirements, and customary “breakage” costs with respect to LIBOR
rate loans. Amounts prepaid under the Revolving Credit Facility may
subsequently be reborrowed. The Company’s obligations under the Credit
Agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company and
its domestic subsidiary guarantors (other than customarily excluded assets).
The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants,
including covenants limiting the ability of AppLovin and its restricted
subsidiaries to, among other things, incur debt, grant liens, undergo
certain fundamental business changes, make investments, pay-outdividends to
third parties, dispose of assets, and enter into transactions with
affiliates, in each case, subject to limitations and exceptions set forth in
the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of
default that include, among other things, certain payment defaults, cross
defaults to other indebtedness, covenant defaults, change of control
defaults, judgment defaults, and bankruptcy and insolvency defaults. If an
event of default exists, the lenders may require the immediate payment of
all obligations under the Credit Agreement and may exercise certain other
rights and remedies provided for under the Credit Agreement, the other loan
documents and applicable law. As of December 31, 2020, the Company was in
compliance with all of the covenants. At the time of issuances, the Company
evaluated the Term Loans and Revolving Credit Loans and determined that the
contingent interest adjustment feature, which reduces the applicable margins
for both the Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans upon the closing of
an IPO, is an embedded derivative that requires bifurcation and separate
accounting as the feature is not clearly and closely related to the host
instrument. The Company determined that the value of this embedded
derivative was nominal as of the issuance dates. The embedded derivative was
recorded at fair value each reporting period, with changes in fair value
recorded in interest income and other gains in the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations. No hedge accounting treatment was applied. For
details regarding the fair value measurement of the embedded derivative, see
Note 3. The Company incurred $53.1 million of discounts and debt issuance
costs in connection with the Term Loans which were capitalized and recorded
as a reduction to the carrying amount of the Term Loan in the consolidated
balance sheets. The Company amortizes these costs to interest expense under
the effective interest rate method. During the years ended December 31, 2019
and 2020, the Company recognized total interest expense of $65.9 million and
$58.8 million, respectively. These amounts are included in interest expense
in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The aggregate future
maturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2020 are as follows (in
thousands):
                                                            
  2021                                     $     15,210     
  2022                                           15,210     
  2023                                           15,210     
  2024                                           15,210     
  2025                                        1,583,492     
  Total outstanding term loan principal       1,644,332     
  Embedded derivative                            (5,680  )  
  Unaccreted discount and debt issuance         (39,452  )  
  costs                                                     
  Total debt                                  1,599,200     
  Less: short-term debt                          15,210     
  Long-term debt                           $  1,583,990     
                                                            
F-71

10. Derivative Instruments

The Company manages exposure to market risk associated with fluctuating
interest rates with the use of interest rate derivative financial
instruments, namely interest rate swaps. The Company does not use
derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. On November 14, 2018, the
Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement as part of its interest
rate risk management
strategy in connection with the term loan (See Note 9). The notional amount
for the swap was $410.0 million. The swap was a receive-variable (one-month
LIBOR) and
pay-fixed (2.9065%) interest rate swap, which expired on December 31,
2020,with settlement date commencing on the last calendar day of each month
and reset date on first day of each month
beginning December 31, 2018.

The Company applied the hedge accounting provisions of the critical terms
match hedge, and
formally documented at inception all relationships between hedging
instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and
strategies for undertaking the various hedges. The critical terms of the
swap and hedged item coincided
(notional amount, interest rate reset dates, interest rate payment dates,
and underlying index), the hedge was expected to offset changes in expected
cash flows due to fluctuations in one-month LIBOR over the
term of the hedge. Therefore, the effectiveness of the hedge relationship
was assessed each quarter by comparing the current terms of the swap and the
debt to assure they continued to coincide and through an evaluation of the
continued ability of
the counterparty to the swap to honor its obligations under the swap. Had
the critical terms no longer matched exactly, hedge effectiveness (both
prospective and retrospective) would have to be assessed by evaluating the
cumulative
dollar-offset ratio for the actual derivative and the hedged item.

Unrealized changes in the fair value of derivatives accounted
for as a critical term match hedge were reported in other comprehensive
income (loss) and subsequently reclassified to earnings in the same period
or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affected earnings.
For the years ended
December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Company recognized zero, $2.7 million
and $9.5 million, respectively, of realized loss related to hedged
transaction which were recorded in interest expense. As of December 31,
2019, the
settlement value of the interest rate swap liability before tax effect was
$5.3 million and was included in other accrued liabilities and other non-
current liabilities and reported in other comprehensive
income (loss). The interest rate swap contract expired on December 31, 2020
and the settlement value of the interest rate swap liability was
reclassified to earnings.

11. Convertible Preferred Stock

On
July 13, 2018, the Company signed an agreement with KKR Denali Holdings L.P.
(“KKR Denali”) for a $400.0 million equity investment by KKR Denali.
Pursuant to such agreement, on August 15, 2018, the Company issued
109,090,908 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to KKR Denali in exchange for
their investment.

The Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation designates and authorizes 109,090,908
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.00003 par value per share, of the
Company.

The holders of Series A convertible preferred stock have various rights and
preferences as follows:

Voting—Each share of convertible preferred stock has voting rights equal to
an equivalent number of shares of common stock
into which it is convertible and votes together as one class with the common
stock, except as below:

Holders of Series A
convertible preferred stock, voting together as a single class on an as-
converted basis, are entitled to certain protective provisions which require
a majority of holders of

F-72

preferred stock to approve, among other actions, a liquidation event, an
amendment, waiver, or repeal of provisions of the Company’s Restated
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws in a way
that adversely affects the rights, privileges and obligations of the
preferred stock, a change to the number of directors of the Company, and a
declaration or payment of any dividend.

Holders of Series A convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class,
are entitled to elect two members to the
Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). Holders of common stock, voting
as a separate class, are entitled to elect five members to the Board.
Holders of common stock and preferred stock, voting together as a single
class on an as
converted basis, are entitled to elect all remaining directors.

Dividends—The holders of Series A convertible
preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, out of any funds legally
available, dividends on a pari-passu basis to any dividends paid on the
common stock, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations, and similar
transactions, when, as and if declared by the Board. No dividends have been
declared or paid on the Company’s preferred stock.

Liquidation Preference—In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or
winding-up
of the Company, the holders of preferred stock shall be entitled to receive,
prior and in preference to any distribution of the assets or funds of the
Company to the holders of the common stock, an amount equal to the issuance
price per share of
$3.67 for Series A convertible preferred stock, as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations, and similar
transactions, plus any declared but unpaid dividends (the “Liquidation
Preference”). If the
Company has insufficient assets to permit payment of the Liquidation
Preference in full to all holders of preferred stock, then the assets of the
Company shall be distributed ratably to the holders of preferred stock in
proportion to the Liquidation
Preference such holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

After payment of the Liquidation Preference to the holders of
preferred stock, the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed
ratably to the holders of common stock. If the holders of preferred stock
would have been entitled to a larger distribution had they converted their
shares to common stock,
then the preferred stock will be deemed to have converted to common stock.

Redemption—Series A convertible
preferred stock are not redeemable.

Conversion—Each share of preferred stock is convertible at the option of the
holder, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into shares of
Class A common stock as is determined by dividing the original purchase
price of preferred stock by the conversion price in effect at the time of
conversion for such
series of preferred stock. The conversion price per share of Series A
convertible preferred stock is $3.67. The conversion ratio for convertible
preferred stock is
one-to-one.

Each share of preferred stock will
automatically be converted into shares of common stock at the then-effective
conversion rate of such shares upon the earlier of (i) the closing of a firm
commitment underwritten public offering pursuant to an effective
registration statement
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of
common stock of the Company to the public not less than $75.0 million or
(ii) the consent of holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding
shares of
preferred stock, voting together as a single class on an as-converted basis.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with the IPO,
if (a) the price per share of common stock sold to the
public in such IPO as set forth on the cover of the Company’s final
prospectus (prior to underwriting discounts and expenses) (the “IPO Price”)
is less than the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock prior to
giving effect to this provision, then the Conversion Price of the Series A
Preferred Stock shall be adjusted downward to an amount equal to the IPO
Price (the

F-73

“IPO Conversion Price Adjustment”) and the Conversion Price of the Series A
preferred stock as so adjusted shall be used to determine the number of
shares of Class A common stock to be received by the holders of Series A
Preferred Stock upon conversion of the Series A preferred stock in
connection with the IPO. The IPO Conversion Price Adjustment, if any, shall
occur as of immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Company’s
registration statement for such IPO. Anti-Dilution Protection—Series A
convertible preferred stock have antidilution protection. If the
antidilution protection for the preferred stock is triggered, the conversion
price will be subject to a broad-based weighted-average adjustment to reduce
dilution. 12. Common Stock The Company’s Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, as restated as of May 20, 2020, authorizes the Company to
issue 429,600,000 shares of common stock, consisting of 386,400,000 shares
of Class A common stock, $0.00003 par value per share, and 43,200,000 shares
of Class F common stock, $0.00003 par value per share. The holders of the
Class F common stock and the holders of the Class A common stock shall be
entitled to receive dividends from time to time when declared by the Board
of Directors in the form of shares of common stock or rights to acquire
common stock. In the event of any consolidation, merger, or other
combination transactions in which shares of common stock are exchanged for
or converted into other stock or securities, the shares of Class F common
stock and Class A common stock shall be entitled to be exchanged or
converted into the same kind. The number of common stock shares authorized,
issued, outstanding and reserved for future issuance as of December 31, 2020
are as follows:
                                                                            
                                    Shares     Issued and          Options  
                                Authorized    Outstanding    Available for  
                                                   Shares    Future Grants  
  Common Stock A               386,400,000    183,800,251      202,599,749  
  Common Stock F                43,200,000     42,564,150          635,850  
  Total shares of Common       429,600,000    226,364,401      203,235,599  
  Stock                                                                     
                                                                            
Voting Rights—The holders of the Class A and Class F common stock shall vote
together as a single class on all matters to be voted on by the holders.
Each holder shall vote all Class A and Class F shares held by such holder
and has the right to one vote for each share. So long as a majority of the
shares of Class F common stock outstanding as of the date of the Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as restated as of May 20, 2020,
remain outstanding, holders of Class F common stock, voting together as a
single class on an as-convertedbasis, are entitled to certain protective
provisions which require a majority of holders of Class F common stock to
approve, among other actions, a liquidation event, an amendment, waiver, or
repeal of provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws in a way that adversely affects the rights, privileges and
obligations of the Class F stock, a change to the number of directors of the
Company, and a declaration or payment of any dividend.
Distribution—Distributions can be made by the Company to holders of the
shares in cash, property, dividend, or distributions upon the occurrence of
a liquidity event due to insolvency, sale of the Company, or otherwise.
Distributions shall be made to the Class A stockholders and Class F
stockholders pro rata to each such holder in accordance with the number of
Class A and Class F shares held by each such holder, until the cumulative
number of distributions made with respect to the Class A and Class F shares
equals the sum of their respective capital contributions. F-74

Liquidation—Distributions to the stockholders upon liquidation may be made
in cash or noncash property, or partly in cash and partly noncash property,
as determined by the Board of Directors; provided, that the allocation
between cash and noncash property shall be distribution pro rata in
accordance with the number of shares held by the stockholders. The assets of
the Company shall be applied first to repay any indebtedness and other
liabilities of the Company, second to any reserves with the Board reasonably
deems necessary for contingent or unforeseen liabilities or obligations of
the Company, and third, the stockholders based on their pro rata share.
Conversion—Each share of Class F common stock is convertible at the option
of the holder, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into
one share of Class A common stock. Additionally, a share of Class F common
stock will automatically be converted into one of share of Class A common
stock upon (i) the sale of such share of Class F common stock (subject to
certain exceptions), or (ii) the death of the holder. Each share of Class F
common stock will automatically be converted into one share of Class A
common stock upon the earlier of (i) an initial public offering of the
Company’s stock or (ii) the consent of holders of at least a majority of the
then-outstanding shares of Class F common stock. Further, if a share of
Class F common stock is purchased by an investor in connection with an
equity financing, approved by the Board, in which the aggregate Class F
common stock sold does not constitute more than 15% of the preferred stock
offered by the Company in the equity financing, a holder may elect to
convert such share of Class F common stock into a share of a subsequent
series of preferred stock. Warrant—On January 3, 2019, AppLovin entered into
a Warrant Transfer Agreement with Applovin Holdings LLC granting the
transfer of the common stock warrant issued in connection with prior debt
financing to Angel Pride Holdings Limited and Hontai App Fund Limited
Partnership in the amount of 26,021,583 shares and 8,794,734 shares of Class
A common stock, respectively. Subsequently, Angel Pride Holding Limited and
Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership exercised their rights to purchase the
Company’s Class A common stock and each paid $868 and $293, respectively.
13. Stock-based Compensation The Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the
“Plan”) provides for the granting of stock options to employees,
consultants, and advisors of the Company. Options granted under the Plan may
be either incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options. Incentive
stock options may be granted only to Company employees, including officers
and directors who are also employees. Nonqualified stock options may be
granted to Company employees, consultants and advisors. The Plan also
provides for grants of restricted stock. As of December 31, 2020, the
Company reserved 125,316,000 shares of Class A common stock for issuance
under the Plan. Options remaining available for issuance under the Plan were
3,486,785 as of December 31, 2020. Options under the Plan may be granted for
periods of up to 10 years and generally vest over four years. The Company
recognized stock-based compensation expense for the periods indicated as
follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                            2018         2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue                       $    517    $     124    $     982  
  Sales and marketing                      2,582        1,922       10,668  
  Research and development                 1,009        5,009       36,852  
  General and administrative               1,357        3,167       13,885  
  Total stock-based compensation        $  5,465    $  10,222    $  62,387  
  expense                                                                   
                                                                            
F-75

For the year ended December 31, 2020 total stock-based compensation expense
included $0.9 million associated with awards that may be settled with one of
the Company’s subsidiaries. Stock Options—During the years ended December
31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Company granted stock options to purchase
8,764,428, 12,199,200 and 13,158,430 shares of common stock, with a
weighted-average grant date stock fair value of $1.49, $1.97 and $15.94 per
share, respectively. The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the
fair value of stock options granted are as follows:
                                                                           
                                      Year Ended                           
                                    December 31,                           
                                            2018       2019       2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected term            6.00       6.05       5.94     
  Expected volatility                         62  %      43  %      39  %  
  Risk-free interest rate                   2.58  %    1.91  %    0.56  %  
  Dividend yield                               0  %       0  %       0  %  
                                                                           
The expected term of stock options represents the weighted-average period
the stock options are expected to remain outstanding and is based on the
average of the options’ contractual term and the options’ vesting period, as
the Company did not have sufficient historical information to develop
reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting
employment termination behavior. The expected stock price volatility
assumption was determined by examining the historical volatilities for
industry peers, as the Company did not have any trading history for its
common stock. The Company will continue to analyze the historical stock
price volatility and expected term assumptions as more historical data for
the Company’s common stock becomes available. The risk-free rate assumption
is based on the U.S. Treasury instruments whose term was consistent with the
expected term of the Company’s stock options. The expected dividend
assumption is based on the Company’s history and expectation of dividend
payouts. The Company’s activity of the stock options under the Plan for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 was as follows:
                                                                            
                                                  Weighted        Weighted  
                                                   Average         Average  
                                                  Exercise       Remaining  
                              Number of          Price Per     Contractual  
                                Options              Share    Term (Years)  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at December        8,370,552       $       2.66             9.2  
  31, 2018                                                                  
  Granted                    12,199,200               4.36                  
  Exercised                  (1,011,873  )            2.61                  
  Forfeited                  (1,158,528  )            2.82                  
  Expired                        (4,221  )            2.81                  
  Balances at December       18,395,130       $       3.78             9.2  
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Granted                    13,158,430               8.41                  
  Exercised                    (871,668  )            2.65                  
  Forfeited                    (425,001  )            1.68                  
  Expired                    (1,367,367  )            4.64                  
  Balances at December       28,889,524       $       5.92             8.8  
  31, 2020                                                                  
  Vested and exercisable                                                    
  at December 31,            17,099,956       $       5.26             8.6  
  2020                                                                      
  Vested and expected to                                                    
  vest at December           25,023,502       $       6.22             8.9  
  31, 2020                                                                  
                                                                            
F-76

The intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2019 and 2020,
was
$23.4 million and $1.8 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2019 and
2020, there was approximately $26.8 million and $132.2 million,
respectively, of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested
options
granted, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average
vesting period of 2.9 years.

Early Exercise of Stock Options—Subject to the Board’s approval, the Plan
allows for the early exercise of options granted. Under the terms of the
Plan, option holders, upon early exercise, must sign a restricted stock
purchase agreement that
gives the Company the right to repurchase any unvested shares, at the
original exercise price, in the event the optionees’ employment terminates
for any reason. The right to exercise options before they are vested does
not change existing
vesting schedules in any way and the early exercised options may not be sold
or transferred before they are vested. The repurchase right lapses over time
as the shares vest at the same rate as the original option vesting schedule.
The cash amounts
received in exchange for these early exercised shares are recorded as a
liability on the accompanying balance sheets and reclassified into common
stock and additional
paid-in-capital as the shares vest. The Company’s right to repurchase these
shares lapses by 1/4 of the
shares on the one-year anniversary of the vesting start date and ratably
each month over the next 36-months.

The Company has 11,337 shares and 19,800 shares of Class A common stock
subject to repurchase as of December 31,
2019 and 2020, respectively. The liability for the repurchase as of December
31, 2019 and 2020 included in accrued liabilities was $0.1 million and $0.1
million, respectively.

During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company provided
financing to certain employees in the form of promissory
notes to early exercise stock options. These promissory notes are partially
collateralized by shares and in-substance are nonrecourse. For accounting
purposes, exercised options via nonrecourse promissory
notes are not substantive and are continued to be treated as options.

As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company had
5,760,000 and 8,022,499 shares of Class A common stock options,
respectively, that were exercised via nonrecourse promissory notes of which
4,601,877 and 4,136,677 shares, respectively, were unvested and subject to
repurchase. The principal
balances of nonrecourse promissory notes outstanding amounted to $20.0
million and $40.4 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.

Restricted Stock—Restricted stock awards are classified as equity awards
based on the requirements established by the
applicable accounting rules for stock-based compensation. The fair value of
the restricted stock awards was determined based on the price of the
Company’s valuation on the date of grant as approved by the Company’s board
of directors.

F-77

The Company’s activity of the outstanding restricted stock awards for Class
A common stock for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, was as
follows:
                                                                   
                                                         Weighted  
                                    Number of             Average  
                                   Restricted          Grant Date  
                                        Stock          Fair Value  
                                       Awards           per Share  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at December 31, 2018     3,664,653       $        1.68  
  Granted                           3,267,792                1.97  
  Repurchased                         (59,637  )             1.68  
  Vested                           (2,948,394  )             1.83  
  Balances at December 31, 2019     3,924,414       $        1.81  
  Granted                                   —                   —  
  Repurchased                               —                   —  
  Vested                           (2,687,643  )             1.85  
  Balances at December 31, 2020     1,236,771       $        1.71  
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, there was $6.7 million and $1.8 million,
respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested
restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 1.1 years. F-78

14. Net Income (Loss) Per Share The following table sets forth the
computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share attributable to
common stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020 (in
thousands, except share and per share data):
                                                                            
                    Year Ended                                              
                      December                                              
                           31,                                              
                          2018                 2019                2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic EPS                                                                 
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income    $     (259,995  )    $      119,040       $    (125,187  )  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to                         —              (39,500  )                —     
  convertib…                                                                
  preferred                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to options                                                                
  exercises                  —               (1,088  )                —     
  by                                                                        
  promissory                                                                
  notes                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to                                                                        
  unvested                   —                  (39  )                —     
  early                                                                     
  exercised                                                                 
  options                                                                   
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to                         —               (2,037  )                —     
  unvested                                                                  
  RSA’s                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributa…    $     (259,995  )    $       76,376       $    (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Denominat…                                                                
  Weighted-…                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  used in                                                                   
  computing        189,533,630          210,937,147          214,936,5…     
  net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share:                                                                    
  Basic                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributa…    $        (1.37  )    $         0.36       $       (0.58  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock:                                                                    
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted                                                                   
  EPS                                                                       
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income    $     (259,995  )    $      119,040       $    (125,187  )  
  (loss)                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to                         —              (39,329  )                —     
  convertib…                                                                
  preferred                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to options                                                                
  exercises                  —               (1,083  )                —     
  by                                                                        
  promissory                                                                
  notes                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to                                                                        
  unvested                   —                  (39  )                —     
  early                                                                     
  exercised                                                                 
  options                                                                   
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to                         —               (2,028  )                —     
  unvested                                                                  
  RSA’s                                                                     
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributa…    $     (259,995  )    $       76,561       $    (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock                                                                     
  Denominat…                                                                
  Weighted-…                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  used in                                                                   
  computing        189,533,630          210,937,147          214,936,5…     
  net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share:                                                                    
  Basic                                                                     
  Weighted-…                                                                
  dilutive                   —            1,428,282                   —     
  stock                                                                     
  options                                                                   
  Weighted-…                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  used in                                                                   
  computing        189,533,630          212,365,429          214,936,5…     
  net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share:                                                                    
  Diluted                                                                   
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributa…    $        (1.37  )    $         0.36       $       (0.58  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock:                                                                    
  Diluted                                                                   
                                                                            
F-79

The following table presents the forms of antidilutive potential common
shares:
                                                                            
                                    Year Ended December 31,                 
                                                       2019           2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Convertible preferred stock                   109,090,908    109,090,908  
  Options exercised for                           5,760,000      8,022,499  
  promissory notes                                                          
  Early exercised options                            11,337         19,800  
  Unvested RSAs                                   3,924,414      1,236,771  
  Options                                         7,439,700     20,754,985  
                                                                            
The table above does not include the convertible security issued in 2020.
This security is convertible into the Company’s common stock starting 61
days following the effective date of an initial public offering of the
Company. The convertible security may be converted, at the option of the
holder, into a number of shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock equal
to $40.0 million divided by a conversion price equal to (i) the preceding
20-dayvolume-weighted average trading price per share of Class A Common
Stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. 15. Income Taxes Net income (loss) before
income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, includes
the following components (in thousands):
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                                        
                                2018             2019          2020         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  U.S.             $        (286,809  )    $  149,797       $  (118,296  )  
  Foreign                     46,550          (23,563  )       (17,410   )  
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) before    $        (240,259  )    $  126,234       $  (135,706  )  
  income tax                                                                
                                                                            
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years ended December 31,
2018, 2019 and 2020 consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                           Year Ended                                       
                         December 31,                                       
                                 2018             2019             2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current:                                                                  
  Federal           $          16,905       $   23,703       $   20,162     
  State                           689            1,888            4,087     
  Foreign                       1,329              568            4,027     
                               18,923           26,159           28,276     
  Deferred:                                                                 
  Federal                         993             (720  )       (29,235  )  
  State                           (31  )           (99  )        (4,800  )  
  Foreign                        (149  )       (18,146  )        (4,013  )  
                                  813          (18,965  )       (38,048  )  
  Total                                                                     
  provision for     $          19,736       $    7,194       $   (9,772  )  
  (benefit from)                                                            
  income taxes                                                              
                                                                            
F-80

The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to the effective
income tax rate is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                           Year Ended                                       
                         December 31,                                       
                                 2018             2019             2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax provision                                                             
  (benefit) at      $         (50,454  )    $   26,509       $  (28,498  )  
  U.S. federal                                                              
  statutory rate                                                            
  State income                                                              
  taxes, net of                   539            1,412           (1,137  )  
  federal                                                                   
  benefit                                                                   
  Foreign income                                                            
  taxed at                     (9,690  )         2,887            8,710     
  different                                                                 
  rates                                                                     
  Change in                                                                 
  foreign                           —          (17,143  )        (6,038  )  
  deferred tax                                                              
  rate                                                                      
  Stock-based                     830            1,671           10,347     
  compensation                                                              
  Foreign-deriv…                                                            
  intangible                   (6,246  )        (8,600  )        (3,518  )  
  income                                                                    
  Research and                                                              
  development                    (933  )        (1,025  )        (2,561  )  
  credits                                                                   
  Transaction                       —              428              601     
  costs                                                                     
  Extinguishmen…                                                            
  of                                                                        
  acquisition-r…                    —                —           12,237     
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Effect of the                                                             
  Tax                           1,074                —                —     
  Act—transition                                                            
  tax                                                                       
  Global                                                                    
  intangible                    7,453                —                —     
  low-taxed                                                                 
  income                                                                    
  Note premium                 67,018                —                —     
  costs                                                                     
  Warrant                      12,259                —                —     
  Expense                                                                   
  Other                        (2,114  )         1,055               85     
  Total                                                                     
  provision for     $          19,736       $    7,194       $   (9,772  )  
  (benefit from)                                                            
  income taxes                                                              
                                                                            
In August 2019, the Company acquired certain mobile game apps from an entity
based in Cyprus. A deferred tax liability was created due to basis
differences of assets acquired. In December 2019, pursuant to a year-
endrestructuring, the Company changed the tax residency of the operations
related to the mobile game apps acquired. Accordingly, the deferred tax
liability associated with basis differences in Cyprus was reduced by $17.1
million. In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“Tax Act”) was
enacted into law and the new legislation contains several key provisions
that affected the Company, including a reduction of the federal corporate
income tax rate to 21% effective January 1, 2018. F-81

The following summarizes the current and deferred tax assets and liabilities
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                                    As of December 31,                      
  Deferred tax assets:                            2019             2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued expenses and           $               1,871       $    4,757     
  reserves                                                                  
  Stock-based compensation                       1,134            1,955     
  Tax credit carryforwards                         183            2,526     
  Federal benefit from state                       553            1,047     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net operating loss                             2,959            3,787     
  Interest rate swap                             1,171                —     
  Embedded derivative                                —           (1,303  )  
  Identified intangibles                         6,028            8,996     
  Operating lease liability                      3,785           20,551     
  Valuation allowance                                —             (531  )  
  Total deferred tax assets                     17,684           41,785     
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                 
  Depreciation and                              (8,419  )        (6,857  )  
  amortization                                                              
  Operating lease                               (3,270  )       (20,345  )  
  right-of-use assets                                                       
  Total deferred tax                           (11,689  )       (27,202  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Net deferred tax assets        $               5,995       $   14,583     
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company has federal net operating loss
carryforwards of $2.8 million and $19.6 million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. The net operating losses are not subject to
expiration. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company had federal tax
credit carryforwards of $0 and $0.9 million, respectively, to offset future
tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2035. As of
December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company had California net operating loss
carryforwards of $3.8 million and $9.2 million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. The net operating losses will begin to expire in
2037. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company had California tax
credit carryforwards of $1.4 million and $4.8 million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards are not subject to
expiration. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company had Texas tax
credit carryforwards of $0 and $0.3 million, respectively, to offset future
tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2040. The
valuation allowance increased by $0.5 million during the calendar year 2020.
In assessing the realizability of the Company’s deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management’s assessment is based on the
weight of available evidence, including cumulative losses since inception
and expected future losses and as such, management believes it is more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. Accordingly,
no valuation allowance has been established in the U.S. and all foreign
jurisdictions except as noted above. Internal Revenue Code Section 382
places a limitation on the amount of taxable income that can be offset by
net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits after a greater than 50%
change in control in ownership; California has similar rules. The Company’s
capitalization described herein may have resulted in such a change.
Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to annual
F-82

limitations under IRC Section 382 and similar state provisions. The annual
limitation may result in the expiration of the net operating loss
carryforwards before utilization. The Company has not provided U.S. income
or foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, because it intends to
permanently reinvest such earnings outside of the U.S. If these foreign
earnings were to be repatriated in the future, the related U.S. tax
liability will be immaterial, due to the participation exemption put in
place in the Tax Act. Uncertain Tax Positions The following table summarizes
the activity related to the gross unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                     As of December 31,                     
                                                   2019            2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance at beginning of year    $               2,858       $   6,646     
  Increases related to prior                                                
  year                                            2,377           4,681     
  positions                                                                 
  Increases related to current                                              
  year                                            1,581           3,498     
  positions                                                                 
  Decreases related to lapse                       (170  )         (424  )  
  of statutes                                                               
  Balance at end of year          $               6,646       $  14,401     
                                                                            
The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions under ASC 740. As of
December 31, 2019 and 2020, there was approximately $6.6 million and $14.4
million of unrecognized tax benefits, respectively. Of the unrecognized tax
benefits, $5.8 million and $13.0 million represents the amount that if
recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in 2019 and
2020, respectively. The Company does not expect a significant change to its
unrecognized tax benefits or recorded liabilities over the next twelve
months. The unrecognized tax benefits may increase or change during the next
year for items that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company
records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in
income tax expense. As of December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Company had
approximately $0.3 million, $0.7 million and $2.3 million of interest and
penalties, respectively. The Company’s primary tax jurisdiction is the
United States. The tax return for years 2017 through 2020 remain open to
examination for federal purposes, and 2016 through 2020 for the other major
domestic taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 16. Defined
Contribution Plan The Company sponsors a defined-contribution savings plan
under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
covering substantially all full-time U.S. employees. Participating employees
may contribute up to 100% of their eligible compensation up to the annual
Internal Revenue Service contribution limit. The 401(k) Plan was adopted in
2014. For 2019 and 2020, the Company matched employee contributions 100% for
the first 1% and 50% through a maximum of 6%, totaling $0.9 million and $2.2
million, respectively. F-83

17. Geographic Information The following table presents the property and
equipment, net by geographic area (in thousands):
                                                                            
                               As of December 31,                           
                                             2018        2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States             $               8,295    $  7,679    $  27,942  
  All other countries                         232         222          645  
  Total property and        $               8,527    $  7,901    $  28,587  
  equipment, net                                                            
                                                                            
For information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see Note
2—Summary of Significant Accounting policies, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers. 18. Related Party KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR
Denali, acted as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner for the Credit
Agreement. KKR Denali is also one of the Company’s principal stockholders.
In 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Company paid $6.5 million, $2.0 million and $1.5
million, respectively, in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC in connection with
the Credit Agreement. On November 30, 2020, the Company borrowed $150.0
million under the revolving credit facility at a margin of 2.50% (the
“Revolving Credit Loan”). A lender of the Revolving Credit Loans is an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. In December
2019, the Company purchased 2,475,000 shares and 300,000 shares of the
Company’s Class A Common Stock from the Company’s chief executive officer
and from the Company’s Board member, respectively. Chief executive officer
is also the Company’s principal stockholder. The fair value of the purchased
shares was $14.0 million. The purchase of shares was paid through the
issuance of two unsecured 5-yearpromissory notes with the principal amount
of $10.0 million and $1.2 million, respectively. The promissory notes are
redeemable upon the earlier of (i) maturity, (ii) immediately prior to an
acquisition of the Company as defined in the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan, or (iii) immediately prior to the Company’s filing an S-1with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The promissory notes bear interest at a
rate of 2% per annum paid annually. Both promissory notes were recorded in
other non-currentliabilities at the aggregated initial fair value of $9.1
million representing a discount of 19% to its principal amount and resulting
in a purchase of the Company’s common stock shares below its fair value. The
discount is amortized over a period of five years under the effective
interest method with amortization expense included in interest expense. The
shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock purchased in exchange for the
issuance of the promissory note were added to the pool of shares available
for the grant under the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company
recorded the difference between fair value of the shares purchased and the
fair value of promissory notes as an increase to additional paid-incapital.
19. Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated subsequent events through
March 2, 2021, which is the date the consolidated financial statements are
available to be issued. In January 2021 the Company paid $60.0 million to
Recoded in relation to a new game App acquired in 2020. In February 2021,
the Company paid an additional $90.0 million to Recoded related to deferred
cash consideration on the acquisition closed in 2019. In January, 2021, a
new director was elected to serve on the Company’s board of directors and
received options to purchase a total of 206,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock under the F-84

Company’s 2011 Plan. With respect to 21,000 shares, 1/12th of the shares
will vest, subject to such director’s continued role as a service provider
to the Company, on April 21,
2021 with 1/12th of the shares vesting every three months thereafter;
provided that 100% of any unvested shares covered by the option will vest
immediately prior to the closing of an Acquisition or Other Combination
(each as defined in the
Company’s 2011 Plan). The options to purchase 185,000 shares were fully
vested on the date of grant and such options were exercised in full in
January 2021.

In February 2021, the Company signed a share purchase agreement with Adjust
GmbH, a leading mobile app attribution, measurement and
analytics company in Germany, to acquire all the outstanding shares of
Adjust GmbH for an estimated purchase price of $1.0 billion, consisting of
(i) $598.0 million in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments,
(ii) a number of
shares of the Company’s Class A common stock determined by dividing $352.0
million by the 15-day volume-weighted average trading price per share of the
Company’s Class A common stock
ending on the thirtieth trading day following an IPO; and (iii) the
assumption of up to $40.0 million in the aggregate of debt, accrued
interest, and fees of Adjust, in each case upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the share
purchase agreement. The Adjust acquisition is subject to customary closing
conditions and is expected to close in the first half of 2021.

In February 2021, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to increase the
senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to
an aggregate principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an additional $10.0
million in aggregate principal amount of revolving commitments, increasing
the total revolving commitments to $600.0 million and to reduce the interest
rate on
the incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest
rate as all other term loans. In connection with this amendment, the Company
paid $0.8 million in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC, who is one of the
Company’s
principal stockholders.

In February 2021, promissory notes issued to executive officers in the
amount of $20.9 million were settled
through either share repurchase, in the amount of $17.2 million, or cash
payment, in the amount of $3.7 million. In connection with the repurchase of
shares, the Company accelerated vesting of 60,968 shares of Class A common
stock for one of the
Company’s officers.

Due to the timing of these transactions, as of the date of issuance of these
consolidated financial
statements, the Company is in the process of finalizing the valuation and
related accounting for these transactions.

20. Subsequent Events (Unaudited)

On March 14, 2021, the Company amended and restated its share purchase
agreement with adjust GmbH, which amended provisions relating
to certain closing conditions. On March 30, 2021, the Company further
amended the share purchase agreement to change, among certain closing
conditions, the equity consideration such that if the transaction closes
following an IPO, the Company
shall issue convertible securities that convert into an aggregate number of
shares of the Company’s Class A common stock determined by dividing $352.0
million by the volume-weighted average trading price per share of its Class
A
common stock over any 10 consecutive full trading day period (chosen by the
stockholder representative under the share purchase agreement) within 20
trading days commencing with and following the day the Company’s Class A
common stock is
first traded on a national (U.S.) exchange.

On March 31, 2021, the Company drew down an additional $250.0 million from
the Company’s $600.0 million revolving credit facility. A lender under the
revolving credit facility is an affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal
stockholder of the Company.

F-85

Capital Structure Change Following the effectiveness of the registration
statement on Form S-1relating to the initial public offering of the
Company’s Class A common stock (the “IPO”), the Company will amend its
certificate of incorporation to have three classes of authorized common
stock, Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock,
which will become effective immediately prior to the closing of the IPO (the
“IPO Certificate”). Upon the closing of the IPO, Adam Foroughi, the
Company’s co-founder,CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, the Company’s
President and Chief Financial Officer, and a member of the Company’s board
of directors; and KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”) (collectively with
certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders) will together hold all of the
issued and outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B common stock. The
Class B Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement (the “Voting
Agreement”) whereby all Class B common stock held by the Class B
Stockholders and their respective permitted entities and permitted
transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen,
and KKD Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). Shares of the Company’s
Class C common stock will not be issued and outstanding at the closing of
the IPO. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock, Class B common
stock, and Class C common stock (referred to together as the “common stock”)
will be identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. Voting
Rights Holders of the Class A common stock will be entitled to one vote for
each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders
of the Class B common stock will be entitled to 20 votes for each share held
on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, and holders of the Class
C common stock will not be entitled to vote on any matter that is submitted
to a vote of stockholders, except as otherwise required by law. The holders
of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a
single class, unless otherwise required by law. Under the IPO Certificate,
approval of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
the Class B common stock voting as a separate class will be required to
increase the number of authorized shares of the Class B common stock. In
addition, Delaware law could require either holders of the Class A common
stock, the Class B common stock, or the Class C common stock to vote
separately as a single class in the following circumstances:
                                                                            
       if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate to          
  •    increase or decrease the par value of a class of stock, then         
       that class would be required to vote separately to approve the       
       proposed amendment; and                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate in a        
       manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or             
  •    special rights of a class of stock in a manner that affected its     
       holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote         
       separately to approve the proposed amendment.                        
                                                                            
Until the date on which the final conversion of all outstanding shares of
Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of the IPO Certificate occurs,
approval of at least two-thirdsof the outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock voting as a separate class will be required to amend or
modify any provision of the IPO Certificate inconsistent with, or otherwise
alter, any provision of the IPO Certificate to modify the voting,
conversion, or other rights, powers, preferences, privileges, or
restrictions of the Company’s Class B common stock. Dividend Rights Subject
to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding
at the time, the holders of the Company’s common stock will be entitled to
receive dividends out of funds legally F-86

available if the Company’s board of directors, in its discretion, determines
to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the
Company’s board of directors may
determine.

No Preemptive or Similar Rights

The Company’s common stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights, and is
not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund
provisions.

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions

If the Company becomes subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up,
the assets legally
available for distribution to the Company’s stockholders would be
distributable ratably among the holders of the Company’s common stock and
any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior
satisfaction of all
outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the
payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of
preferred stock.

Conversion of Class B Common Stock

Each share of Class B common stock will be convertible at any time at the
option of the holder into one share of Class A common
stock. Following the closing of the IPO, shares of Class B common stock will
automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon sale or
transfer except for certain transfers described in the IPO Certificate,
including transfers
for estate planning, transfers among KKR Denali and its affiliates, or other
transfers among the Class B Stockholders. Withdrawal from the Voting
Agreement constitutes a transfer.

Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share
of Class A common stock upon the date fixed by
the Company’s board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more
than 180 days following the date on which (i) the Voting Agreement is
terminated or (ii) Adam Foroughi is no longer involved with the Company as a
member of the
board of directors or as an executive officer.

Conversion of Class C Common Stock

After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock into shares of Class A
common stock, all outstanding shares of Class C common stock will convert
automatically into Class A common stock, on a share-for-share basis, on the
date or
time specified by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Class A common stock, voting as a separate class.

F-87

ADJUST GMBH AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019 AND 2020

F-88

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT

To the Board of Directors of adjust GmbH, Berlin:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of adjust
GmbH and its subsidiaries (the “Company”), which
comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as of December
31, 2019 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of profit or loss
and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statements of changes in
equity and the
statements of consolidated cash flows, for the years then ended, and the
related notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of
these consolidated financial statements in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance
of internal control relevant
to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

Auditors’ Responsibility

Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those
standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.

An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the
amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment,
including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making
those risk assessments, the
auditor considers internal control relevant to the Company’s preparation and
fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to
design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the
reasonableness of significant
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of adjust GmbH and its subsidiaries as of
December 31, 2019 and 2020, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for the years then
ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

/s/ Deloitte GmbH

Deloitte GmbH

Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Berlin, Germany

February 15, 2021

F-89

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                            
  (in EUR, thousands)                 Note    Year 2019       Year 2020     
  Revenue                                6       71,130          85,299     
  Cost of sales                          9      (21,681  )      (28,361  )  
  Gross profit                                   49,449          56,938     
  Selling and distribution               9      (37,197  )      (53,047  )  
  expenses                                                                  
  Research and development costs         9      (26,166  )      (42,127  )  
  Administrative expenses                9      (19,372  )      (32,237  )  
  Other operating income                 7          120              29     
  Other operating expense                9       (2,780  )       (5,158  )  
  Operating loss                                (35,946  )      (75,602  )  
  Finance costs                          8       (6,344  )       (8,141  )  
  Finance income                         8          237           3,685     
  Loss before tax from continuing               (42,053  )      (80,058  )  
  operations                                                                
  Income tax (expenses)/income          12          546            (440  )  
  Loss for the year from                                                    
  continuing                                    (41,507  )      (80,497  )  
  operations                                                                
  Other comprehensive Income for                                            
  the year                                                                  
  Exchange differences on                                                   
  translation of                                  1,200            (832  )  
  foreign operations                                                        
  Other comprehensive                                                       
  (loss)/income that may be                                                 
  reclassified to profit or loss                  1,200            (832  )  
  in subsequent                                                             
  periods                                                                   
                                                      —               —     
  Total comprehensive loss for the              (40,307  )      (81,329  )  
  year                                                                      
                                                                            
F-90

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
POSITION
                                                                            
  (in EUR, thousands)             Note    31 December       31 December     
                                                 2019              2020     
  Assets                                                                    
  Non-current assets:                                                       
  Property, plant and               10          1,686             1,798     
  equipment                                                                 
  Right-of-use asset                23         44,686            37,664     
  Intangible assets                 11         31,083            27,207     
  Other non-current assets          15          1,629             1,362     
  Deferred tax assets               12            812               539     
  Total non-current assets                     79,896            68,569     
  Current assets:                                                           
  Trade receivables                 13          9,980            11,678     
  Income tax assets                 12          1,113                 —     
  Other current assets              15          5,848             5,083     
  Cash and short-term deposits      14         14,385            12,372     
  Total current assets                         31,327            29,133     
  Total assets                                111,223            97,702     
  Equity and liabilities                                                    
  Equity:                                                                   
  Issued capital                    17             95                95     
  Other capital reserves            17         43,439            52,546     
  Accumulated losses                17        (43,399  )       (123,896  )  
  Other components of equity        17          1,171               339     
  Total equity                                  1,305           (70,917  )  
  Liabilities                                                               
  Non-current liabilities:                                                  
  Interest-bearing loans and        20         25,096            32,597     
  borrowings                                                                
  Non-current lease                 23         31,894            21,198     
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred tax liabilities          12            216                 6     
  Total non-current                            57,205            53,801     
  liabilities                                                               
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Trade payables                    21          1,509             1,070     
  Interest bearing-loans and        20              —               721     
  borrowings                                                                
  Income tax payable                12             25               137     
  Current lease liabilities         23         15,018            18,430     
  Liabilities from share-based                                              
  payment                           24         27,433            79,275     
  programs                                                                  
  Provisions                        19          3,829             6,221     
  Other current liabilities         22          4,898             8,964     
  Total current liabilities                    52,713           114,818     
  Total liabilities                           109,918           168,619     
  Total liabilities & equity                  111,223            97,702     
                                                                            
F-91

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY
                                                                            
  (in                          Other                   Other                
  EUR,    Issu…    Trea…       capi…       Accu…       comp…       Tot…     
  tho…    capi…    shar…       rese…       loss…          of                
                                                       equi…                
  As                                                                        
  at 1       77    (0     )    18,6…       (1,8…  )      (29  )    16,…     
  Jan…                                                                      
  2019                                                                      
  Loss                                                                      
  for         —    —               —       (41,…  )        —       (41…  )  
  the                                                                       
  per…                                                                      
  Oth…                                                                      
  com…        —    —               —       —           1,200       1,2…     
  inc…                                                                      
  Tot…                                                                      
  com…        —    —               —       (41,…  )    1,200       (40…  )  
  loss                                                                      
  Cap…       18    —           38,6…       —               —       38,…     
  inc…                                                                      
  Dis…        —    —           (17,…  )    —               —       (17…  )  
  Tra…        —    —            (949  )    —               —       (949  )  
  cost                                                                      
  Sha…        —    —           4,593       —               —       4,5…     
  As                                                                        
  at                                                                        
  31         95    (0     )    43,4…       (43,…  )    1,171       1,3…     
  Dec…                                                                      
  2019                                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (in                          Other                 Other                  
  EUR,    Issu…    Trea…       capi…    Accum…       comp…        Total     
  tho…    capi…    shar…       rese…    losses          of                  
                                                     equi…                  
  As                                                                        
  at 1       95    (0     )    43,4…    (43,3…  )    1,171        1,305     
  Jan…                                                                      
  2020                                                                      
  Loss                                                                      
  for         —    —               —    (80,4…  )        —       (80,4…  )  
  the                                                                       
  per…                                                                      
  Oth…                                                                      
  com…        —    —               —    —             (832  )      (832  )  
  loss                                                                      
  Tot…                                                                      
  com…        —    —               —    (80,4…  )     (832  )    (81,3…  )  
  loss                                                                      
  Sha…        —    —           9,107    —                —        9,107     
  As                                                                        
  at                                                                        
  31         95    (0     )    52,5…    (123,…  )      339       (70,9…  )  
  Dec…                                                                      
  2020                                                                      
                                                                            
F-92

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                            
  (in EUR, thousands)                         Year 2019       Year 2020     
  Cash flows from operating activities:                                     
  Loss for the year from continuing             (41,507  )      (80,497  )  
  operations                                                                
  Amortization and depreciation (+)              13,549          20,991     
  Finance costs, net expenses (+) / income        6,106           4,456     
  (-)                                                                       
  Income tax expense / (income)                    (546  )          440     
  Other non-cash expenses (+) / income (-)                                  
  Equity-settled share-based payment              4,593           9,107     
  Other                                            (528  )       (1,210  )  
  Increase (+) / decrease (-) in trade           (3,018  )         (666  )  
  receivables and other assets                                              
  Increase (+) / decrease (-) in trade             (479  )        4,941     
  payables and other liabilities                                            
  Increase (+)/decrease (-) in provisions                                   
  and liabilities from share-based payment       24,898          54,234     
  programs                                                                  
  Interest paid                                  (2,421  )       (1,330  )  
  Income tax received                                40           1,117     
  Income tax paid                                  (247  )         (202  )  
  Net cash flows from operating activities          441          11,380     
  Cash flows from investing activities                                      
  Cash paid for investments in property,           (951  )       (1,159  )  
  plant and equipment                                                       
  Cash paid for investments in intangible        (4,768  )          (99  )  
  assets                                                                    
  Investments in business combinations          (16,892  )       (1,315  )  
  (net of cash received)                                                    
  Net cash flows used in investing              (22,611  )       (2,573  )  
  activities                                                                
  Cash flows from financing activities                                      
  Cash received from borrowings                  23,644          34,077     
  Repayment of borrowings                             —         (25,557  )  
  Repayment of lease liabilities                (12,207  )      (18,696  )  
  Cash paid for distribution                    (17,514  )            —     
  Transaction costs                                (949  )            —     
  Cash received from capital injections          38,683               —     
  Net cash flows from financing activities       31,657         (10,176  )  
  Net increase (decrease) in cash and             9,487          (1,369  )  
  short-term deposits                                                       
  Cash and short-term deposits at the             5,029          14,385     
  beginning of the period                                                   
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes          (130  )         (645  )  
  Cash and short-term deposits at the end        14,385          12,372     
  of the period                                                             
                                                                            
F-93

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 1. Company information adjust GmbH (hereafter ‘Adjust’, ‘the
Company’ or ‘the Parent’) is a limited liability company incorporated and
domiciled in Germany. The address of its registered office is Saarbrücker
Street 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany. Adjust was founded in 2012 and is
registered with the commercial register ( Handelsregister) of the district
court ( Amtsgericht) of Berlin-Charlottenburg under HRB 140616 B. Adjust is
a global app marketing analytics platform committed to helping support
privacy and maintaining stringent performance standards. Adjust’s solutions
include attribution and measurement, fraud prevention, cybersecurity, as
well as automation tools. The company’s mission is to make mobile marketing
simpler, smarter and more secure for the more than 50,000 apps working with
Adjust. 2. Basis of preparation The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost
basis, except for contingent consideration in context with business
combinations and share based payments in accordance with IFRS 2 that have
been measured at fair value. The consolidated financial statements are
presented in euros (EUR) and all values are rounded to the nearest
thousands, except when otherwise indicated. The consolidated financial
statements provide comparative information in respect of the previous
period. The financial statements were authorized for issuance by the board
of directors as of 15 February 2021. Basis of consolidation The consolidated
financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
subsidiaries (hereafter ‘Adjust Group‘ or ‘Group‘) as of 31 December 2020.
Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the
date, on which Adjust obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until
the date on which the parent ceases to control the subsidiary. Adjust
controls an investee if, and only if, Adjust has
                                                                            
       power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give it the      
  •    current ability to direct the relevant activities of the             
       investee),                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    exposure, or rights, to variable returns from its involvement with   
       the investee, and                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its         
       returns.                                                             
                                                                            
F-94

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 All direct and indirect subsidiaries
of Adjust are wholly owned and consolidated. The consolidated financial
statements as of 31 December 2020 include the following entities:
                                                                            
  Entity           Registered              Equity interest                  
                   office                                                   
  Adjust Inc       USA               100%                                   
  Acquired IO                                               Acquired in     
  Inc              USA               100%                   fiscal year     
                                                            2018            
  Adjust K.K.      Japan             100%                                   
  Adeven           Great Britain     100%                                   
  Software Ltd.                                                             
  Adjust                                                                    
  Beijing Co.      China             100%                                   
  Ltd.                                                                      
                                                            Acquired in     
  Unbotify Ltd.    Israel            100%                   fiscal year     
                                                            2019            
  Adjust Korea     South Korea       100%                                   
  Ltd.                                                                      
  Adjust France    France            100%                                   
  SaRL                                                                      
  Adjust                                                                    
  International    Germany           100%                                   
  Holding GmbH                                                              
  Adeven Israel                                             Founded in      
  Ltd              Israel            100%                   fiscal year     
                                                            2020            
  Adjust                                                                    
  Singapore        Singapore         100%                                   
  PTE. LTD.                                                                 
  Adjust Brazil                                             Founded in      
  Ltda             Brazil            100%                   fiscal year     
                                                            2020            
                                                                            
The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same
reporting period as the Company, using consistent accounting policies. All
intragroup balances, income and expenses, and unrealized gains and losses
resulting from intragroup transactions are eliminated. 3. Summary of
significant accounting policies Business combinations and goodwill Business
combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an
acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred,
measured at the acquisition date fair value. Any contingent consideration to
be transferred is recognized at fair value at the acquisition date.
Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred and included
in other operating expenses. When Adjust acquires a business, it assesses
the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification
and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. Goodwill
is initially measured at cost being the excess of the aggregate of the
consideration transferred over the net identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost
less any accumulated impairment losses. Intangible assets Intangible assets
not acquired as part of a business combination are initially recognized at
cost. The cost of intangible assets acquired in a business combination is
their fair value as at the date of acquisition. In subsequent periods, the
intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated amortization and any
accumulated impairment losses. The useful lives of intangible assets are
assessed as either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives
are amortized over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment
whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
The amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset
with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each fiscal F-95

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 year-end.Intangible assets with
finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over the following
estimate useful lives:
                                                
  Asset class                            Years  
  Intellectual property / Technology    2 to 5  
  Customer relationships                     3  
                                                
The amortization expense on intangible assets with finite lives are
recognized in profit and loss. Intangible assets with indefinite useful
lives are tested for impairment at least once a year. Gains or losses
arising from the derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount and are
recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the asset is
derecognized. Research and development (‘R&D’) All acquired technical /
software solutions (intangible assets) are capitalized and amortized through
its useful lives. We refer to ‘intangible assets’. For subsequent accounting
we refer to ‘Impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets’. For recognition as an asset, internally generated intangible assets
(‘non-derivative’)are tested against the general requirements for
recognition and initial measurement and for the criteria which confirm that
the related activity is at a sufficiently advanced stage of development, is
both technically and commercially viable and includes only directly
attributable costs. Only expenditures arising from the development phase can
be considered for capitalization, with all expenditures on research being
recognized as an expense when it is incurred. If an exact distinction
between research phase and development phase is not possible, all
expenditures are treated as research. If the R&D efforts are for
improvement, for maintaining and enhancing running technical solutions we do
not capitalize the costs. Also, we do not capitalize the R&D costs, if there
exists no detailed development project information demonstrating that the
costing systems can measure the cost of generating the intangible asset
internally. Such costs shall be expensed in the period incurred. Adjust has
expensed all R&D related costs for the past and during the fiscal years
ended 31 December 2019 and 2020. Property, plant and equipment Property,
plant and equipment are recognized at acquisition or production cost less
accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. Acquisition
costs comprise the acquisition price, incidental acquisition costs and
subsequent acquisition costs less reductions in acquisition price. Because
no qualified assets were identified within the meaning of IAS 23, the
acquisition costs do not contain any borrowing costs. Subsequent
expenditures are capitalized only if it is likely that future economic
benefits associated with the expenditures will flow to Adjust. Ongoing
repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. F-96

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 Property, plant and equipment are
depreciated on a straight-line basis over the following estimated useful
lives:
                             
  Asset class         Years  
  IT equipment            3  
  Office equipment        5  
                             
The depreciation expense on property, plant and equipment are recognized in
profit and loss. Residual carrying amounts, the assumptions with regard to
the remaining useful lives of the assets and the appropriateness of the
depreciation method applied are all reviewed annually and adjusted if
appropriate. Profit and loss from the disposal of property, plant or
equipment is calculated as the difference between the net sales proceeds and
the carrying amount of the item. Impairment of property, plant and equipment
and intangible assets For property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets with determinable useful lives, the Company reviews on each reporting
date the carrying amounts of the asset to determine whether there is an
indication of impairment according to IAS 36. If any such an indication
exists, the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. If the recoverable
amount of the assets is below the carrying amount, the assets are written
down to their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount corresponds to the
higher of fair market value less costs of disposal and value in use for a
particular asset. This determination is made for each asset individually. If
an asset does not generate any substantially independent inflows of cash,
the recoverable amount per cash-generating unit / group of cash-generating
unit (CGU’s) is calculated. If the reasons for an impairment identified in
prior years for assets with a finite useful lives should cease to exist, a
write-upis performed accordingly, in an amount up to the amortized
acquisition or production cost involved. Impairment of Goodwill and other
intangible assets with indefinite useful live Goodwill and other intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least once
a year at the level of the group of cash-generating units. The Company makes
an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount. The recoverable amount of an
asset or a cash-generating unit / group of cash generating units is the
higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use, and is
determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash
inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of
assets. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value using a pre-taxdiscount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
to the asset. In determining fair value less costs to sell, recent market
transactions are taken into account. If no such transactions can be
identified, an appropriate valuation model is used. The Company bases its
impairment calculation on detailed budgets and forecast calculations which
are prepared separately for the group of cash-generating units to which the
individual assets are allocated. F-97

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 For the Impairment test of goodwill
budgets and forecast calculations generally cover a period of three years.
For longer periods, a long-term growth rate is calculated and applied to
project future cash flows after the third year. With the exception of
goodwill, assets are assessed at each balance sheet date as to whether there
are indications that an impairment loss previously recognized no longer
exists or has decreased. If such indication exists, the Company estimates
the recoverable amount. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed
only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the
asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. If
that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its
recoverable amount. However, that amount cannot exceed the carrying amount
that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment loss
been recognized for the asset in prior years. Any reversal is included in
the profit or loss for the period. Impairment losses relating to goodwill
cannot be reversed in future periods. Financial instruments A financial
instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one
entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity.
Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently
measured at amortized cost, fair value through other comprehensive income
(OCI), and fair value through profit or loss. The classification of
financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s
contractual cash flow characteristics and the Adjust’s business model for
managing them. In the consolidated financial statements as of 31 December
2020 including the comparative period, all financial assets have been
classified and measured at amortized cost. The Company initially measures
these financial assets at its fair value plus transaction costs. Trade
receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for
which Adjust has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
transaction price. Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently
measured using the effective interest method and are subject to impairment.
Gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss when the asset is
derecognized, modified or impaired. A financial asset (or, where applicable,
a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Company’s consolidated
statement of financial position) when:
                                                                        
  •    The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired or  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       The Company has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from    
       the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the                    
       received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party  
  •    under a ‘pass–through’ arrangement; and either (a) the company has   
       transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,    
       or (b) the Company has neither                                       
       transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of  
       the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.                 
                                                                            
The Company recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for
trade receivables based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Company
has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit
loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
debtors and the economic environment. The Company considers a financial
asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due. However,
in certain cases, the Company may also consider a financial asset to be in
default when internal or external information indicates that the Company is
unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
taking into account F-98

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 any credit enhancements held by the
Company. A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable
expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows. Financial liabilities
are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings or payables, as
appropriate. All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair
value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly
attributable transaction costs. For purposes of subsequent measurement,
financial liabilities are classified in two categories:
                                                                   
  •    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss  
                                                                   
                                                                       
  •    Financial liabilities at amortized cost (loans and borrowings)  
                                                                       
The Company has not designated any financial liability as at fair value
through profit or loss. After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans
and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the
effective interest rate method. Gains and losses are recognized in profit or
loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the effective
interest rate amortization process. Amortized cost is calculated by taking
into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that
are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest
rate amortization is included as finance costs in profit or loss. A
financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability
is discharged or cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability
is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified,
such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the
original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in
the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the statement of profit or
loss. Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net
amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial position if
there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized
amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realize the
assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. Cash and short-term
deposits Cash and short-term deposits in the balance sheet comprise cash on
hand and bank balances with an original maturity of less than three months.
Cash and short-term deposits in the consolidated statement of cash flows are
classified using the above definition. Revenue Adjust provides software as a
service that aids in the analysis and optimization of mobile advertising
campaigns and user activities in mobile apps. The revenue for all services
is recognized over time using an output- based approach (on a straight-line
basis over the contract term) to measure progress towards complete
satisfaction of the performance obligation as customers benefits
continuously during the contract period from Adjust’s services. Revenue is
recognized less returns, price deductions and volume discounts. Any costs of
obtaining a contract shall be capitalized if they are either explicitly
chargeable to the customer and directly related and attributable to the
contract obtained or it is expected to recover those costs and if the
amortization period is more than one year. For FY 2020 and FY 2019, Adjust
has not capitalized any costs of obtaining a contract. F-99

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 Short-term employee benefits
Obligations under short-term employee benefits are recognized as expenses as
soon as the employees perform the work involved. A liability must be
recognized for the amount expected to be paid if the Adjust Group currently
has a legal or de facto obligation to pay this amount as a result of
services rendered by the employee, and if the obligation can reliably be
estimated. Taxes Tax expenses comprise actual taxes and are recognized in
profit and loss. Tax receivables and payables from income taxes are
determined on the basis of tax amounts paid or owed and are not discounted.
These amounts are based on the tax rates and provisions of law in effect or
approved as of the balance sheet date. Current income tax Current income tax
assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered
from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to
compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at
the reporting date in the countries where the Company operates and generates
taxable income. Current income tax relating to items recognized directly in
equity is recognized in equity and not in the statement of profit or loss.
Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with
respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to
interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate. Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences
between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
for financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. Deferred tax
liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:
                                                                            
       When the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition  
       of goodwill or an asset or liability in a                            
  •    transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of   
       the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable   
       profit or loss                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with          
       investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in             
  •    joint arrangements, when the timing of the reversal of the           
       temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the  
       temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future     
                                                                            
Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences,
the carry forward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred
tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable
profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences,
and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be
utilized, except:
                                                                            
       When the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary     
       difference arises from the initial recognition of an                 
  •    asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business           
       combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither     
       the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss                     
                                                                            
F-100

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020
                                                                            
       In respect of deductible temporary differences associated with       
       investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in             
       joint arrangements, deferred tax assets are recognized only to the   
  •    extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will       
       reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be         
       available against which the temporary differences can be             
       utilized                                                             
                                                                            
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting
date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient
taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax
asset to be utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are re-assessedat
each reporting date and are recognized to the extent that it has become
probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be
recovered. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates
that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the
liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax
relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is recognized outside
profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognized in correlation to the
underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity. Tax benefits
acquired as part of a business combination, but not satisfying the criteria
for separate recognition at that date, are recognized subsequently if new
information about facts and circumstances change. The adjustment is either
treated as a reduction in goodwill (as long as it does not exceed goodwill)
if it was incurred during the measurement period or recognized in profit or
loss. The Company offsets deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
if and only if it has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax
assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred
tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend
either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to
realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future
period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets
are expected to be settled or recovered. Sales tax Expenses and assets are
recognized net of the amount of sales tax, except:
                                                                            
       When the sales tax incurred on a purchase of assets or services is   
       not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which                
  •    case, the sales tax is recognized as part of the cost of             
       acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item, as          
       applicable                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       When receivables and payables are stated with the amount of sales    
  •    tax included the net amount of sales tax recoverable                 
       from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of   
       receivables or payables in the statement of financial position.      
                                                                            
Share-based payments Employees (including senior executives) of the company
receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees
render services as consideration for equity instruments called New
Management Shares (NMS) as well as for a Virtual Share Option Program
(VSOP), which is settled in cash (cash-settled transactions). F-101

adjust GmbH Berlin

Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year from 1 January 2020
to 31 December 2020

The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by the fair value at
the date
when the grant is made using an appropriate valuation model, further details
of which are given in Note 24. That cost is recognised in employee benefits
expense (Note 9), together with a corresponding increase in equity (other
capital reserves),
over the period in which the service conditions are fulfilled (the vesting
period). The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions
at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which
the vesting period has
expired and the company’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments
that will ultimately vest. The expense or credit in the statement of profit
or loss for a period represents the movement in cumulative expense
recognised as at the
beginning and end of that period. Service and non-market performance
conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met
is assessed as part of the company’s best estimate of the number of equity
instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are
reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to
an award, but
without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting
conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an
award and lead to an
immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or
performance conditions. No expense is recognised for awards that do not
ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service
conditions have not been met. Where awards include a market or non-vesting
condition, the transactions are treated as vested irrespective of whether
the market or
non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance
and/or service conditions are satisfied. When the terms of an equity-settled
award are modified, the minimum expense recognised is the
grant date fair value of the unmodified award, provided the original vesting
terms of the award are met. An additional expense, measured as at the date
of modification, is recognised for any modification that increases the total
fair value of the
share-based payment transaction, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee.
Where an award is cancelled by the entity or by the counterparty, any
remaining element of the fair value of the award is expensed immediately
through profit or loss.

A liability is recognised for the fair value of cash-settled transactions.
The fair value is measured initially and at each reporting
date up to and including the settlement date, with changes in fair value
recognised in employee benefits expense (Note 9). The fair value is expensed
over the period until the vesting date with recognition of a corresponding
liability. The fair
value is determined using a Monte-Carlo simulation, further details of which
are given in Note 24. The approach used to account for vesting conditions
when measuring equity-settled transactions also applies to cash-settled
transactions.

Provisions

Provisions
are recognized when the Company has a present obligation (legal or
constructive) as a result of a past event it is probable that an outflow of
resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
obligation, and a reliable estimate
can be made of the amount of the obligation. When the Company expects some
or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example under an insurance
contract, the reimbursement is recognized as a separate asset, but only when
the reimbursement is
virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the
income statement net of any reimbursement. If the effect of the time value
of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current interest
rate that reflects the
risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the increase in
the provision due to the passage of time is recognized as a finance cost.

Foreign currencies

Adjust Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in euros,
which is also the parent company’s functional
currency. For each entity, the Group determines the functional currency and

F-102

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 items included in the financial
statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. The
Group uses the direct method of consolidation and on disposal of a foreign
operation, the gain or loss that is reclassified to profit or loss reflects
the amount that arises from using this method. Transactions and balances:
Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded by the Group’s
entities at their respective functional currency spot rates at the date the
transaction first qualifies for recognition. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency
spot rates of exchange at the reporting date. Differences arising on
settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in profit or
loss. Non-monetaryitems that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the
initial transactions. Group companies: On consolidation, the assets and
liabilities of foreign operations are translated into euros at the rate of
exchange prevailing at the reporting date and their statements of profit or
loss are translated at annual average exchange rates. The exchange
differences arising on translation for consolidation are recognized in other
comprehensive income (OCI). On disposal of a foreign operation, the
component of OCI relating to that particular foreign operation is
reclassified to profit or loss. Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a
foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities arising on the acquisition are treated as assets and
liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the spot rate of
exchange at the reporting date. For the financial statements of the foreign
subsidiaries, translation was performed based on the following rates of
exchange:
                                                                            
                               Spot         Spot      Average      Average  
  Currency    ISO Code    31/12/20…    31/12/20…           FY           FY  
                                                         2019         2020  
  U.S.        USD            1.1234       1.2271       1.1195       1.1421  
  dollar                                                                    
  Pound       GBP            0.8508       0.8990       0.8778       0.8896  
  sterling                                                                  
  Japanese    JPY            121.94       126.49       122.01       121.85  
  yen                                                                       
  Chinese     CNY            7.8205       8.0225       7.7355       7.8745  
  yuan                                                                      
  Israeli                                                                   
  new         ILS            3.8845       3.9447       3.9901       3.9257  
  shekel                                                                    
  South                                                                     
  Korean      KRW           1296.28         1336      1305.32      1345.39  
  won                                                                       
  Brazili…    BRL                 —       6.3735            —       5.8943  
  real                                                                      
                                                                            
Leases Adjust assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or
contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the
use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
consideration. Adjust as a lessee applies a single recognition and
measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases
of low-valueassets. The Company recognizes lease liabilities to make lease
payments and right-of-useassets representing the right to use the underlying
assets. The Company has lease contracts for various items of buildings
(offices), IT (server lease) and other equipment (e.g. vehicles). The Leases
generally have a non-cancelablelease term of 3 to 5 years. F-103

adjust GmbH Berlin

Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year from 1 January 2020
to 31 December 2020

Right-of-useassets:

Adjust recognizes right-of-use
assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e., the date the underlying
asset is available for use). Right-of- use assets are measured at cost, less
any accumulated
depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of
lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of
lease liabilities
recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or
before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right- of-
use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

If ownership of the leased asset transfers to Adjust at the
end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise of a purchase
option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the
asset. The right-of-use
assets are also subject to impairment. Refer to the accounting policies for
impairment of non-financial assets.

Lease liabilities:

At
the commencement date of the lease, Adjust recognizes lease liabilities
measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease
term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including
in-substance fixed payments), variable lease payments that depend on an
index or a rate and amounts expected to be paid under residual value
guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a
purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Company and
payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects
the Company exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that
do not depend on an index
or a rate are recognized as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce
inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the
payment occurs.

In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Company uses its
incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date in
case if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to
reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made.
In addition, the
carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments
(e.g., changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or
rate used to determine such lease
payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the
underlying asset.

Short-term leases and leases of low-valueassets:

Adjust applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to all asset
classes (i.e., those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from
the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies
the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to
leases of office equipment and other equipment that are considered to be low
value. Lease payments on short- term leases and leases of low-value assets
are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over
the lease term.

Non-leasecomponents:

Contracts often combine different kinds of obligations of the supplier,
which might be a combination of lease components or a combination
of lease and non-lease components. For a contract

F-104

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 that contains a lease component and
additional lease and non-leasecomponents, such as the lease of an asset and
the provision of a maintenance service, the Company has decided that the
components will be separated, except for Lease contracts from asset class
‘Other Equipment’ (e.g. vehicles). Current versus non-currentclassification
Adjust presents assets and liabilities in the statement of financial
position based on current/non-currentclassification. An asset is current
when it is:
                                                                            
  •    Expected to be realized or intended to be sold or consumed in the    
       normal operating cycle                                               
                                                                            
                                                  
  •    Held primarily for the purpose of trading  
                                                  
                                                                            
  •    Expected to be realized within twelve months after the reporting     
       period or                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being exchanged or    
  •    used to settle a liability for at least twelve months                
       after the reporting period                                           
                                                                            
All other assets are classified as non-current. A liability is current when:
                                                                   
  •    It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle  
                                                                   
                                                        
  •    It is held primarily for the purpose of trading  
                                                        
                                                                            
  •    It is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting     
       period or                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the       
  •    liability for at least twelve months after the reporting             
       period                                                               
                                                                            
The terms of the liability that could, at the option of the counterparty,
result in its settlement by the issue of equity instruments do not affect
its classification. The Company classifies all other liabilities as non-
current. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-
currentassets and liabilities. Fair value measurement The Company measures
contingent consideration in context with business combinations and share
based payments in accordance with IFRS 2 at fair value at each balance sheet
date. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on
the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the
liability takes place either:
                                                              
  •    In the principal market for the asset or liability or  
                                                              
                                                                            
  •    In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous       
       market for the asset or liability                                    
                                                                            
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the
Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the
assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
interest. F-105

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 All assets and liabilities for which
fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on
the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as
a whole:
                                                                            
  •    Level 1—Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for      
       identical assets or liabilities                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Level 2—Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that   
  •    is significant to the fair value                                     
       measurement is directly or indirectly observable                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Level 3—Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that   
  •    is significant to the fair value                                     
       measurement is unobservable                                          
                                                                            
4. Significant accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions The
application of accounting and measurement methods in preparing the
Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make certain
accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions. These have an effect on the
disclosed amounts of earnings, expenditure, assets and liabilities, as well
as contingent liabilities, as of the reporting date. Actual amounts may
differ from these estimates and assumptions, which may lead in future to
significant adjustments to the carrying amounts of the assets and
liabilities concerned. Judgments In the process of applying the entity’s
accounting policies, management has made the following judgments that have
the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the financial
statements: Leases—group as lessee Adjust has entered into certain lease
contracts for commercial property and furniture, fixtures, IT equipment
(especially hardware) and other equipment. Therefore, all relevant options
to renew / extend or terminate the leases are assessed initially to
determine the lease term as the non-cancellableperiod of the leases.
Therefore, Adjust considers all relevant facts and circumstances that create
an economic incentive to exercise the option to extend or to terminate a
lease. The IT equipment leases include termination options. If not
terminated, the IT equipment leases automatically prolong for another
minimum lease period. At inception these termination options are generally
considered to be exercised and are reevaluated at least 3 months before
expiry. Estimates and assumptions Estimates generally relate to the
determination of useful lives, the assessment of the impairment of
intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and goodwill and the
measurement of provisions. Due to the use of these estimates and
assumptions, the actual figures may differ in some cases. In such cases,
adjustments are recognized in profit or loss at the time new information
becomes available. Further estimates exist in context with measurement of
the fair value for share-based payment programs and for subsequent
accounting in accordance with IFRS 2. The key assumptions concerning the
future and other major sources of uncertainty in estimations on the
reporting date that have a significant risk of resulting in a material
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next
fiscal year are discussed below. Although the estimates and assumptions have
been carefully assessed, on a case-by-casebasis discrepancies to the actual
figures might occur. The estimates and assumptions used for the consolidated
financial statements are reviewed on a regular basis. Changes are reflected
once updated information is available. F-106

adjust GmbH Berlin

Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year from 1 January 2020
to 31 December 2020

Impairment of non-financialassets

On each balance sheet date the Group assesses whether there is an indication
that a non-financial
asset may be impaired. Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives are tested for impairment at least once a year and whenever
there is an indication of impairment. Other non-financial
assets are tested for impairment if there is an indication that the carrying
amount exceeds the recoverable amount.

Estimating
value in use and fair value less costs of disposal requires management to
make an estimate of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the
asset or cash-generating units / group of cash-generating unit and apply an
appropriate discount rate
to determine the present value of those cash flows.

Share-based payment programs

For the valuation of the share-based payment programs a Monte Carlo
simulation, as a valuation model permitted by the IFRS 2
requirements, was applied.

Estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions requires
determination of the most
appropriate valuation model, which depends on the terms and conditions of
the grant. This estimate also requires determination of the most appropriate
inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the share
option or appreciation
right, volatility and dividend yield and making assumptions about them. The
Group initially measures the cost of cash-settled transactions with
employees using a binomial model to determine the fair value of the
liability incurred. For cash-settled
share-based payment transactions, the liability needs to be remeasured at
the end of each reporting period up to the date of settlement, with any
changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss. This requires a
reassessment of the estimates used
at the end of each reporting period. For the measurement of the fair value
of equity-settled transactions with employees at the grant date, the Group
uses a Monte-Carlo simulation model for the New Management Shares Program.
The assumptions and
models used for estimating fair value for share-based payment transactions
are disclosed in Note 33.

Especially a waterfall model
(determined in the agreements) was simulated and the payments were
discounted to determine the fair market value. This type of valuation and
the used parameters are usually affected by estimates and assumptions.

5. Business combinations

Acquisition of Unbotify Ltd.

On 28 January 2019 (date of acquisition), Adjust has acquired 100 % of
Unbotify Ltd. Based in Tel Aviv, Israel,
Unbotify Ltd. operates as a cyber security company. Unbotify offers the
first (patent-pending) machine learning solution that separates real users
from bots. With this acquisition Adjust enlarges and supplements the
attribution solution.

F-107

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 Adjust paid cash plus a contingent
consideration for the shares of Unbotify Ltd. The net cash outflow from the
acquisition was as follows:
                                                    
  Cash flow from investing activities      in EUR,  
                                         thousands  
  Cash purchase price                       16,916  
  Less assumed cash                             24  
  Net cash outflow                          16,892  
                                                    
In the course of the business combination, total transaction costs of EUR
350 thousand were expensed. The assets and liabilities of Unbotify Ltd. were
recognized on the basis of a purchase price allocation. Goodwill of EUR
14,341 thousand resulted from this purchase price allocation. The fair value
of other intangible assets amounts to EUR 4,189 thousand. These mainly
include intellectual property. The following table presents an overview of
the recognized assets and liabilities:
                                                            
  Assets                                           in EUR,  
                                                 thousands  
  Property, plant and equipment                         25  
  Intangibles (other than goodwill)                  4,189  
  Cash and cash equivalents                             24  
  Deferred tax assets                                  963  
  Other assets                                          66  
  Total assets                                       5,267  
  Liabilities                                               
  Trade payables                                        88  
  Deferred tax liabilities                             963  
  Other liabilities                                    326  
  Total liabilities                                  1,377  
  Total identifiable net assets at fair value        3,890  
  Cash consideration                                16,916  
  Contingent consideration                           1,315  
  Total consideration transferred                   18,231  
  Goodwill arising on acquisition                   14,341  
                                                            
The contingent consideration was due to an earnout mechanism based on
determined milestones. The range of contingent payments was between zero and
USD 5 million. The fair value estimated as of the acquisition date
corresponds with the settlement in 2020. As of 31 December 2020, no further
contingencies exist. Non-tax-deductiblegoodwill is allocated above all to
non-separableassets, such as expected synergy effects, strategic benefits,
and employee know-how. As a result of the initial consolidation of Unbotify
Ltd., sales revenue increased by EUR 373 thousand and earnings after taxes
decreased by EUR 2,390 thousand in the fiscal year 2019. If Unbotify Ltd.
had already been included in the consolidated financial statements of Adjust
as of F-108

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 1 January 2019, Unbotify’s
contribution to Adjust’s sales revenue and earnings after taxes would not
have been significantly different. 6. Revenue from contracts with customers
/ Contract liabilities Adjust only recognizes revenue from contracts with
customers. The Group derives revenue from the transfer of services in the
following major geographical regions:
                                                      
  (in EUR, thousands)                 2019      2020  
  Europe, Middle East and Africa    32,009    37,531  
  Americas                          14,226    17,913  
  Asia                              24,895    29,855  
  Total                             71,130    85,299  
                                                      
The group provides software that aids in the analysis and optimization of
mobile advertising campaigns and user activities in mobile apps. The payment
is due either on a monthly, quarterly or yearly basis. The variable
consideration is calculated using the expected value method. The revenue for
all services is recognized over time using an output-based approach (on a
straight-line basis over the contract term) to measure progress towards
complete satisfaction of the (combined) performance obligation. The contract
liabilities primarily relate to the advance consideration due/ received from
a customer for sales. The contract liabilities are expected to be recognized
over the contract term. Adjust has the following contract liabilities from
contracts with customers:
                                                              
  (in EUR, thousands)                          2019     2020  
  Contract liabilities                        1,114    5,140  
  Contract liabilities at the beginning of    1,296    1,114  
  the period recognized as revenue                            
                                                              
The group uses the practical expedients not to disclose the amount of the
remaining performance obligations because the contract terms are less than
12 months. 7. Other operating income Other operating income mainly includes
reversals of allowances on trade receivables. 8. Financial income / cost
Financial income
                                               
  (in EUR, thousands)           2019     2020  
  Currency translation gains     113    3,318  
  Interest income                124      367  
  Total                          237    3,685  
                                               
F-109

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 Financial cost
                                                                   
  (in EUR, thousands)                        2019         2020     
  Interest expense on interest-bearing     (3,430  )    (3,734  )  
  loans and borrowings                                             
  Interest expense on lease liabilities    (1,851  )    (2,149  )  
  Currency translation losses              (1,011  )    (2,250  )  
  Other financial cost                        (52  )        (8  )  
  Total                                    (6,344  )    (8,141  )  
                                                                   
9. Additional information on the nature of expenses
                                                                            
  20…    Cost        Sel…       Rese…                  Other                
  (in    of          and        and         Adm…       oper…       Tot…     
  EU…    Sales       dis…       deve…       exp…       expe…                
  th…                exp…       costs                                       
  Am…                                                                       
  and    (10,…  )    (1,…  )    (1,9…  )    (301  )    —           (13…  )  
  de…                                                                       
  Pe…    (7,3…  )    (14…  )    (11,…  )    (4,…  )    —           (37…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  Sh…                                                                       
  ba…    (933   )    (10…  )    (11,…  )    (11…  )    —           (34…  )  
  pa…                                                                       
  Se…    —           (4,…  )    (426   )    (1,…  )    (1,5…  )    (7,…  )  
  pu…                                                                       
  Tr…                                                                       
  &      (436   )    (4,…  )    (660   )    (227  )    —           (6,…  )  
  en…                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  Re…                                                                       
  (i…                                                                       
  re…    (2,0…  )    (315  )    (261   )    (93   )    —           (2,…  )  
  &                                                                         
  le…                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  Li…    (302   )    (552  )    (458   )    (158  )    —           (1,…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  Al…    —           —          —           —          (901   )    (901  )  
  Ot…    (367   )    (30   )    (25    )    (1,…  )    (326   )    (2,…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  To…    (21,…  )    (37…  )    (26,…  )    (19…  )    (2,7…  )    (10…  )  
                                                                            
In year 2019 the amount recognized as an expense for defined contribution
plans (included in personnel expenses) was EUR 2,652 thousand.
                                                                            
  20…    Cost        Sel…       Rese…                  Other                
  (in    of          and        and         Adm…       oper…       Sum      
  EU…    Sales       dis…       deve…       exp…       expe…                
  th…                exp…       costs                                       
  Am…                                                                       
  and    (16,…  )    (1,…  )    (2,7…  )    (449  )    —           (20…  )  
  de…                                                                       
  Pe…    (8,3…  )    (21…  )    (15,…  )    (5,…  )    —           (50…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  Sh…                                                                       
  ba…    (1,7…  )    (20…  )    (19,…  )    (20…  )    —           (62…  )  
  pa…                                                                       
  Se…    —           (6,…  )    (2,8…  )    (1,…  )    (3,2…  )    (14…  )  
  pu…                                                                       
  Tr…                                                                       
  &      (96    )    (1,…  )    (174   )    (206  )    —           (2,…  )  
  en…                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  Re…                                                                       
  (i…                                                                       
  re…    (790   )    (505  )    (408   )    (182  )    —           (1,…  )  
  &                                                                         
  le…                                                                       
  ex…                                                                       
  Li…    (613   )    (1,…  )    (1,1…  )    (406  )    —           (3,…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  Al…    —           —          —           —          (1,3…  )    (1,…  )  
  Ot…    (406   )    (117  )    (44    )    (2,…  )    (540   )    (3,…  )  
  ex…                                                                       
  To…    (28,…  )    (53…  )    (42,…  )    (32…  )    (5,1…  )    (16…  )  
                                                                            
In year 2020 the amount recognized as an expense for defined contribution
plans (included in personnel expenses) was EUR 3,966 thousand. F-110

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 10. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                            
  (in EUR,                   IT          Office       Other       Total     
  thousands)          equipment       equipment                             
  Cost                                                                      
  At 1 January              733           1,485         223       2,441     
  2019                                                                      
  Additions                 372             374         205         951     
  Acquisition of a           18               5           2          25     
  subsidiary                                                                
  Disposals                (110  )           (2  )      (22  )     (134  )  
  Exchange                    3               7           1          11     
  differences                                                               
  At 31 December          1,017           1,868         409       3,294     
  2019                                                                      
  Additions                 372              96         691       1,159     
  Acquisition of a            —               —           —           —     
  subsidiary                                                                
  Disposals                 (12  )            —         (59  )      (71  )  
  Exchange                   (5  )          (34  )      (24  )      (64  )  
  differences                                                               
  At 31 December          1,371           1,930       1,017       4,318     
  2020                                                                      
  Depreciation                                                              
  At 1 January              398             432         173       1,002     
  2019                                                                      
  Depreciation                                                              
  charge for the            237             367         132         735     
  year                                                                      
  Disposals                (110  )            —         (22  )     (133  )  
  Exchange                    1               3           —           4     
  differences                                                               
  At 31 December            525             800         283       1,609     
  2019                                                                      
  Depreciation                                                              
  charge for the            323             282         376         981     
  year                                                                      
  Disposals                 (12  )            —         (10  )      (22  )  
  Exchange                   (4  )          (31  )      (11  )      (46  )  
  differences                                                               
  At 31 December            832           1,051         637       2,520     
  2020                                                                      
  Net book value                                                            
  At 31 December            492           1,067         127       1,686     
  2019                                                                      
  At 31 December            540             878         380       1.798     
  2020                                                                      
                                                                            
F-111

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 11. Intangible assets / Goodwill and
intangible assets with indefinite useful lives
                                                                            
  (in                                 Intel…         Other                  
  EUR,     Goodw…       Custom…       prope…       intang…        Total     
  thou…                 relati…            /        assets                  
                                      Techn…                                
  Cost                                                                      
  At 1                                                                      
  Janu…     5,808             —        2,076            20        7,905     
  2019                                                                      
  Addi…         —         4,768            —             —        4,768     
  Acqu…                                                                     
  of a     14,341             —        4,189             —       18,529     
  subs…                                                                     
  Exch…     1,199             3          357             —        1,559     
  diff…                                                                     
  At 31                                                                     
  Dece…    21,348         4,771        6,622            20       32,762     
  2019                                                                      
  Addi…         —             —           95             4           99     
  Acqu…                                                                     
  of a          —             —            —             —            —     
  subs…                                                                     
  Disp…         —             —            —             —            —     
  Exch…      (736  )       (172  )      (247  )          1       (1,155  )  
  diff…                                                                     
  At 31                                                                     
  Dece…    20,612         4,599        6,470            24       31,705     
  2020                                                                      
  Amor…                                                                     
  At 1                                                                      
  Janu…         —             —           48             —           48     
  2019                                                                      
  Amor…                                                                     
  char…                                                                     
  for           —           567        1,069             —        1,636     
  the                                                                       
  year                                                                      
  Exch…         —            (2  )        (5  )          —           (7  )  
  diff…                                                                     
  At 31                                                                     
  Dece…         —           565        1,113             —        1,678     
  2019                                                                      
  Amor…                                                                     
  char…                                                                     
  for           —         1,592        1,465             8        3,066     
  the                                                                       
  year                                                                      
  Disp…         —             —            —             —            —     
  Exch…         —           (79  )      (164  )         (1  )      (245  )  
  diff…                                                                     
  At 31                                                                     
  Dece…         —         2,078        2,413             8        4,499     
  2020                                                                      
  Net                                                                       
  book                                                                      
  value                                                                     
  At 31                                                                     
  Dece…    21,348         4,206        5,510            20       31,083     
  2019                                                                      
  At 31                                                                     
  Dece…    20,612         2,521        4,057            16       27,207     
  2020                                                                      
                                                                            
Other intangible assets mainly include industrial rights. Goodwill is tested
for impairment on each balance sheet date and at least once a year. A test
is also performed if circumstances indicate that the value may be impaired
(‘triggering event’). As of 31 December 2020, Adjust prepared the annual
impairment test. This impairment test used updated cash flow projections
from financial budgets approved by senior management, covering a three-year
detailed planning period and the third year as a basis for terminal value
calculation. Adjust determines for impairment test purposes the value in use
and if the value in use is lower than the carrying amount of the group of
cash generating units, the fair value less costs of disposal of the cash
generating units is determined. Due to the measurement of the value in use
by using the DCF method, not observable input factors were considered. Not
observable input factors relate to determination of WACC, estimation of
revenues development, estimation of gross profit development, as well as
estimation on market share and growth rate. Management derived its
assumptions for the cash flow projections in relation to F-112

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 revenue forecasts, gross profit
margins, and the development of market shares, and growth rates on past
experiences based on the proven track record for the growing ‘Attribution’
business and the market expectations in context with mobile / app marketing
campaigns. This involved analyzing market data relating to market potential
and needs weighting the uncertainties from competitors in the still growing
start-uparea as well as estimations in context with the existing advantage
with the ‘Attribution’ solution. Furthermore, cost developments especially
regarding labor costs (e.g. R&D, Marketing, head office functions), hardware
costs and other fix costs (e.g. leasing) are going to influence the free
cash flow development. For the cash flow projections, a 18.24 % discount
rate pre-tax,determined on the basis of a WACC model, was used for the
impairment test. Due to the “start-up”character in business the growth rate
in the perpetual annuity was set at 2.0 % for the annual impairment test as
of 31 December 2020 (as in the prior year). Sensitivity to changes in
assumptions The cash flow projections assume high revenue growth, based on
the expectations from the market potential. Based on a relatively stable
gross margin and simultaneously anticipating a reduction in the proportion
of fixed costs (‘fixed cost digression’) the Company assumed a strong free
cash flow development. Currently the Company do not see a realistic scenario
where the increase in WACC or a decrease in free cash flow compared to the
projected free cash flow would lead to an impairment loss for the group of
cash-generating units. 12. Income taxes
                                               
  (in EUR, thousands)      2019       2020     
  Current income taxes      (75  )    (377  )  
  Deferred income taxes     621        (63  )  
  Total                     546       (440  )  
                                               
The reconciliation of expected income tax benefit/(expense) to actual income
tax benefit/(expense) is as follow:
                                                                            
  (in EUR, thousands)                                2019          2020     
  Loss before tax                                 (42,053  )    (80,058  )  
  Expected income tax income/(expenses)            12,689        24,157     
  30.175%                                                                   
  Difference due to different tax rates               (78  )       (101  )  
  Non-recognition of tax loss                      (1,811  )     (4,133  )  
  carryforwards                                                             
  Non-recognition of interest                           —          (934  )  
  carryforwards                                                             
  Non-deductible differences regarding                                      
  share-based                                     (10,261  )    (18,690  )  
  compensation                                                              
  Other tax-exempt income and                           7          (739  )  
  non-deductible operating expenses                                         
  Actual income tax income/(expense)                  546          (440  )  
                                                                            
F-113

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 Deferred tax assets
                                                                            
  (in EUR, thousands)                     31 December       31 December     
                                                 2019              2020     
  Lease liabilities                            13,952            11,885     
  Tax loss carryforwards                        1,036             1,103     
  Intangible assets                               137               503     
  Other                                             2                 5     
  Total deferred tax assets                    15,127            13,496     
  Netting with deferred tax                   (14,315  )        (12,957  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Net deferred tax assets                         812               539     
                                                                            
Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                           
  (in EUR, thousands)                    31 December       31 December     
                                                2019              2020     
  Right-of-use assets                         13,284            11,295     
  Intangible assets                            1,247               919     
  FX gains loans                                   —               749     
  Total deferred tax liabilities              14,531            12,963     
  Netting against deferred tax assets        (14,315  )        (12,957  )  
  Net deferred tax liabilities                   216                 6     
                                                                           
As of 31 December 2020, there is no income tax asset (31 December 2019: EUR
1,113 thousand) and income tax payable amounting to EUR 137 thousand (31
December 2019: EUR 25 thousand). Not recognized deferred tax assets
                                                                            
  (in EUR,             2019                           2020                  
  thousands)                                                                
                Base amount    Deferred tax    Base amount    Deferred tax  
                of Interest      assets not    of Interest      assets not  
                    and tax      recognized        and tax      recognized  
                       loss    for Interest           loss    for Interest  
                carryforwa…    and tax loss    carryforwa…    and tax loss  
                               carryforwar…                   carryforwar…  
  Interest                —               —          3,094             934  
  carryforw…                                                                
  Tax loss           11,687           1,828         23,810           5,557  
  carryforw…                                                                
                                                                            
Tax loss carryforwards mainly exist in Germany and USA and can be carried
forward for an unlimited period. F-114

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 13. Trade receivables Trade
receivables result from contracts with customers.
                                                                  
  (in EUR, thousands)                       2019         2020     
  Total trade receivables                 12,385       15,348     
  Allowance for expected credit losses    (2,405  )    (3,670  )  
  Total trade receivables, net             9,980       11,678     
                                                                  
The following summarizes the movement in the allowances for doubtful
accounts receivable:
                                                           
  (in EUR, thousands)                 2019        2020     
  As per 1 January                   1,558       2,405     
  Charged to the income statement      901       1,364     
  Amounts used                           —         (82  )  
  Unused amounts reversed              (54  )        —     
  Exchange rate differences              —         (17  )  
  At 31 December                     2,405       3,670     
                                                           
The loss allowance for trade receivables as at 31 December 2019 and 2020 was
determined as follows:
                                                                            
  (in                       30-60         61-90          More               
  EUR,      Current          days          days          than        Total  
  thous…                  overdue       overdue        90days               
                                                      overdue               
  31                                                                        
  Decem…      8,701           966           170           143        9,980  
  2019                                                                      
  Expec…                                                                    
  loss         3.59  %      10.00  %      25.00  %      93.04  %            
  rate                                                                      
  (in %)                                                                    
  Gross                                                                     
  carry…                                                                    
  amount      9,024         1,074           227         2,060       12,385  
  trade                                                                     
  recei…                                                                    
  Loss          324           107            57         1,917        2,405  
  allow…                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (in                       30-60         61-90          More               
  EUR,      Current          days          days          than        Total  
  thous…                  overdue       overdue        90days               
                                                      overdue               
  31                                                                        
  Decem…      9,599         1,614           216           249       11,678  
  2020                                                                      
  Expec…                                                                    
  loss         2.55  %      10.00  %      25.00  %      92.72  %         —  
  rate                                                                      
  (in %)                                                                    
  Gross                                                                     
  carry…                                                                    
  amount      9,850         1,793           288         3,417       15,348  
  trade                                                                     
  recei…                                                                    
  Loss          251           179            72         3,168        3,670  
  allow…                                                                    
                                                                            
14. Cash and short-term deposits For the purpose of the statement of cash
flows, cash and short-term deposits comprise the following at 31 December:
                                                 
  (in EUR, thousands)            2019      2020  
  Cash at banks and on hand    14,300    12,287  
  Short-term deposits              85        85  
  Total                        14,385    12,372  
                                                 
F-115

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 15. Other current assets and other
non-currentassets
                                                              
  2019                                  Other          Other  
  (in EUR, thousands)                 current    non-current  
                                       assets         assets  
  Other financial assets                                      
  Security deposits                       864          1,629  
  Other                                   216              —  
  Total other financial assets          1,081          1,629  
  Other non-financial assets                                  
  Prepaid expenses                      1,808              —  
  Claw-back asset                         990              —  
  VAT receivables / prepayments         1,337              —  
  Other                                   632              —  
  Total other non-financial assets      4,767              —  
  Total                                 5,848          1,629  
                                                              
                                                                 
  2020                                     Other          Other  
  (in EUR, thousands)                    current    non-current  
                                          assets         assets  
  Other financial assets                                         
  Security deposits                          669          1,362  
  Receivables against related parties        904              —  
  Other                                      255              —  
  Total other financial assets             1,828          1,362  
  Other non-financial assets                                     
  Prepaid expenses                         2,098              —  
  VAT receivables / prepayments              705              —  
  Other                                      452              —  
  Total other non-financial assets         3,255              —  
  Total                                    5,083          1,362  
                                                                 
The management does not expect any credit losses from the other financial
assets. F-116

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 16. Financial instruments and risk
management In 2019 and 2020, all financial assets and financial liabilities
have been accounted for at amortized cost. The following table provides a
comparison, by class, of the carrying amounts and fair values of the
Company’s financial instruments, other than lease liabilities and those with
carrying amounts that are reasonable approximations of fair values:
                                                                            
  (in EUR,              31 December                  31 December            
  thousands)                   2019                         2020            
                           Carrying      Fair           Carrying      Fair  
                             amount     Value             amount     Value  
  Assets                                                                    
  Non-current                                                               
  financial                                                                 
  assets                                                                    
  Security                    1,629     1,629              1,362     1,362  
  deposits                                                                  
  Total                                                                     
  non-current                 1,629     1,629              1,362     1,362  
  financial                                                                 
  assets                                                                    
  Liabilities                                                               
  Non-current                                                               
  financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Interest-bear…                                                            
  loans and                  25,096    25,096             32,597    32,597  
  borrowings                                                                
  Total                                                                     
  non-current                25,096    25,096             32,597    32,597  
  financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
                                                                            
Management assessed that the fair values of cash and short-term deposits,
trade receivables, trade payables and other current financial assets and
other current financial liabilities approximate their carrying amounts
largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The following
methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values (Level 2):
                                                                            
       Long-term security deposits are evaluated by the Company based on    
  •    interest rates and creditworthiness of the secured                   
       party.                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The fair values of the Company’s interest-bearing loans and          
  •    borrowings are determined by using the DCF method using              
       discount rate that reflects the issuer’s borrowing rate as at the    
       end of the reporting period.                                         
                                                                            
Adjust is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The
Company’s senior management oversees the management of these risks. Market
risk Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a
financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices.
Relevant types of market risk for Adjust are interest rate risk, which
affects interest-bearing loans and borrowings, and foreign currency risk,
which affects interest-bearing loans and borrowings as well as (intragroup)
trade receivables, trade payables, intercompany loans and lease liabilities.
F-117

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 Interest rate risk Interest rate
risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial
instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The
Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates
primarily to the Company’s interest-bearing loans and borrowings with
floating interest rates. The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to
a reasonably possible change in interest rates on that portion of loans and
borrowings affected. With all other variables held constant, the Company’s
profit before tax is affected through the impact on floating rate
borrowings, as follows:
                                                                            
  31 December       Floating                 Increase/decre…                
  2019              interest rate            in basis points                
                    basis                                                   
  (in EUR,                            +25                        -25        
  thousands)                                                                
  Effect on         Prime rate (as                                          
  profit before     published in the         (62              )          —  
  tax               Wall Street                                             
                    Journal)                                                
  31 December       Floating                 Increase/decre…                
  2020              interest rate            in basis points                
                    basis                                                   
  (in EUR,                            +25                        -25        
  thousands)                                                                
  Effect on                                                                 
  profit before     LIBOR                    (81              )         81  
  tax                                                                       
                                                                            
Foreign currency risk Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value
or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in
foreign exchange rates. The following tables demonstrate the sensitivity to
a reasonably possible change in USD and JPY exchange rates, with all other
variables held constant. The impact on the Company’s profit before tax is
due to changes in the fair value of monetary assets and liabilities. The
Company’s exposure to foreign currency changes for all other currencies is
not material.
                                                                            
                                                       Change               
                                                           in               
                                                      foreign               
                                                      exchan…               
                                                         rate               
  31                                           EUR                          
  Decem…    Exposu…    Curre…    Exchan…     Value      +10 %    -10%       
  2019                                                                      
  (in                                                                       
  EUR,         rate                                                         
  thous…                                                                    
  Net-L…     28,463    USD        1.1234    25,336      2,303    (2,815  )  
  Net-L…     17,296    JPY        121.94       142         13    (16     )  
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                    Change                  
                                                        in                  
                                                   foreign                  
                                                   exchan…                  
                                                      rate                  
  31                                        EUR                             
  Dece…    Expos…    Curre…    Excha…     Value      +10 %         -10%     
  2020                                                                      
  (in                                                                       
  EUR,       rate                                                           
  thou…                                                                     
  Net-…    39,847    USD       1.2271    32,474      2,952       (3,608  )  
  Net-…    982,9…    JPY       126.49     7,771       (706  )       863     
                                                                            
Credit risk Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its
obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to a
financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating
activities (primarily trade receivables) and its long-term security
deposits. The Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk at 31 December 2019
and 2020 are the carrying amounts. There are no significant risk
concentrations. F-118

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 Liquidity risk Liquidity risk is the
risk that Adjust will not meet its obligations under a financial liability
when it is due. The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the
Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted payments:
                                                                            
  (in EUR, thousands)     Less than     1 < 2     2 < 3    3 and            
  31 December 2019         one year     years     years     more     Total  
                                                           years            
  Interest-bearing            2,625    25,942     2,338        —    30,904  
  loans and borrowings                                                      
  Lease liabilities          16,902    16,311    11,178    5,840    50,231  
  Trade payables              1,509         —         —        —     1,509  
  Other financial             2,154         —         —        —     2,154  
  liabilities                                                               
  (in EUR, thousands)     Less than     1 < 2     2 < 3    3 and            
  31 December 2020         one year     years     years     more     Total  
                                                           years            
  Interest-bearing            1,654     1,654    34,252        .    37,560  
  loans and borrowings                                                      
  Lease liabilities          20,050    14,586     6,463    1,198    42,297  
  Trade payables              1,070         —         —        —     1,070  
  Other financial             1,297        34         —        —     1,331  
  liabilities                                                               
                                                                            
17. Issued capital and reserves As of the reporting date, the issued capital
(fully paid-in)amounts to EUR 95,079 divided into 95,079 shares (until 22
November 2019: EUR 87,164 divided into 87,164 shares). Treasury shares are
held in an amount of EUR 348 divided into 348 shares (prior year: EUR 348
divided into 348 shares). In July 2019, Adjust increased its capital by
issuing 9,790 new shares. Furthermore, in November 2019 Adjust increased its
capital by issuing another 7,915 new shares. Due to this, the issued capital
increased from EUR 77,374 to EUR 95,079. Other capital reserves increased by
EUR 21,151 thousand due to the capital increase (cash paid for distributions
amounting to EUR 17,514 thousand and cash received from capital injections
amounting to EUR 38,683 thousand). In addition, EUR 949 thousand of directly
attributable transaction cost have been recognized directly in equity so the
net increase in other capital reserves was EUR 20,202 thousand. Further
changes in capital reserve are due to share-based payments (Note 24). Other
components of equity solely consist of cumulative translation adjustments
from exchange differences on translation of foreign operations. 18. Capital
management The primary objective of the Group’s capital management is to
maximize the value of the Group through revenue growth and efficient use of
capital. The Group has historically grown through a highly capital efficient
strategy. Since its funding, the Group raised approx. EUR 36 Million in
primary equity funding (Other capital reserves excluding share-based
payments) and achieved EUR 90 Million annual recurring revenue in 2020.
Capital is managed such that organic and inorganic investments are maximized
mostly through the use of operating cash flow and long-term debt issuance.
2020 loss for the year is driven by F-119

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 investments in our workforce and
share-based payment expenses to drive revenue growth in future periods and
to increase the Groups earnings potential. The Group monitors its operating
cash flow, consolidated adjusted EBITDA and cash balance to maintain a
sufficient level of liquidity. As of the end of the fiscal year, the current
net liquidity is as follows:
                                                              
  (in EUR, thousands)                   2019         2020     
  Cash and short-term deposits        14,385       12,372     
  Trade payables and other current    (3,776  )    (2,536  )  
  financial liabilities                                       
  Current net liquidity               10,609        9,836     
                                                              
The loan agreement (SVB Term Loan) is tied to compliance with a financial
covenant that refers to consolidated quarterly adjusted Last Twelve Month
EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization)
thresholds as defined in the Senior Financing Agreement. In 2020 the
financing conditions were met at all times. In the event of breach, the
Group’s shareholders can cure the breach through an equity injection.
Otherwise, SVB is authorized to terminate the loan. There are no indications
that the covenant cannot be fully complied with in the foreseeable future.
19. Provisions
                                                                            
                           Provisions for            Other                  
  (in EUR, thousands)           personnel       provisions        Total     
                                 expenses                                   
  At 1 January 2019                 6,003              361        6,364     
  Arising during the                3,312            1,941        5,253     
  year                                                                      
  Utilized                         (6,012  )        (1,546  )    (7,559  )  
  Unused amounts                      (97  )          (146  )      (243  )  
  reversed                                                                  
  Exchange differences                 10                3           13     
  At 31 December 2019               3,216              612        3,828     
  Current                           3,216              612        3,828     
  Non-current                           —                —            —     
  At 1 January 2020                 3,216              612        3,828     
  Arising during the                3,619            5,076        8,695     
  year                                                                      
  Utilized                         (3,353  )        (2,826  )    (6,179  )  
  Unused amounts                        —               (1  )        (1  )  
  reversed                                                                  
  Exchange differences               (114  )           (10  )      (123  )  
  At 31 December 2020               3,369            2,852        6,221     
  Current                           3,369            2,852        6,221     
  Non-current                           —                —            —     
                                                                            
20. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
                                                              
  (in EUR, thousands)                         2019      2020  
  Current interest-bearing loans and             —       721  
  borrowings                                                  
  Non-current interest-bearing loans and    25,096    32,597  
  borrowings                                                  
  Total interest-bearing loans and          25,096    33,319  
  borrowings                                                  
                                                              
F-120

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 In 2019, Adjust entered into a loan
agreement with Triplepoint Venture Growth BDC Corp (“TriplePoint”). The
agreement covered three facilities with an overall volume of USD 35 million.
The principal amount drawn as of 31 December 2019 amounted to USD 28
million. In all facilities, interest rate per annum consists of a cash
interest and a PIK interest component. The cash interest rate is based on
prime rate (as published in the Wall Street Journal but not less than 5.25
%) plus a margin of 4.75 %. The PIK interest rate is 2.50 %. In 2020, Adjust
entered into a multicurrency revolving facility agreement with Silicon
Valley Bank (“SVB”) consisting of two tranches with an overall volume of USD
50 million. The facility was used to repay the TriplePoint loans. The
principal amount drawn as of 31 December 2020 amounted to USD 40 million.
The rate of interest per annum on each SVB loan is based on LIBOR or, in
relation to any loan in euro, EURIBOR plus a margin of 4.75 %. If LIBOR or,
in relation to any loan in euro, EURIBOR is less than zero, the rate shall
be deemed to be zero. 21. Trade payables Trade payables amounts to EUR 1,070
thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 1,509 thousand). 22. Other current
liabilities
                                                                            
                                            2019                      2020  
  (in EUR, thousands)              Other current             Other current  
                                     liabilities               liabilities  
  Other financial                              —                            
  liabilities                                                               
  Refund Liabilities                         318                       406  
  Contingent                               1,315                         —  
  consideration                                                             
  Employee payables                          113                       135  
  Other                                      521                       925  
  Total other financial                    2,267                     1,466  
  liabilities                                                               
  Other non-financial                                                       
  liabilities                                                               
  Contract liabilities                     1,114                     5,140  
  Wage tax and social                        430                       896  
  security liabilities                                                      
  Other                                    1,087                     1,462  
  Total other                                                               
  non-financial                            2,631                     7,498  
  liabilities                                                               
  Total                                    4,898                     8,964  
                                                                            
23. Leases Adjust mainly leases buildings and IT equipment both with non-
cancellablelease term of 2-3 years.The IT equipment mainly consists of
hardware and sever leases and will renew automatically for the additional
prolongation period based on contract clauses if neither party terminates
the lease. At inception date, this automatic renewal option is not
reasonably certain as the market is changing constantly and it cannot be
seen as reasonably certain that the lease will continue. Changes in
assessing whether options will become reasonably certain to be exercised are
tracked on a regular basis. Other leases mainly consist of vehicles. In
general, all lease contracts are signed in the respective entities
functional currency except for some IT equipment leases in Germany which are
signed in USD. F-121

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 Set out below are the carrying
amounts of right-of-useassets recognized and the movements during the
period:
                                                                            
  (in EUR,       Buildings       IT-Equipment       Other           Sum     
  thousands)                                                                
  As at 1                                                                   
  January            5,822             24,853         194        30,870     
  2019                                                                      
  Additions          3,939             20,887         184        25,011     
  Depreciati…       (1,947  )          (9,102  )     (129  )    (11.178  )  
  expense                                                                   
  Exchange             (17  )               —           —           (17  )  
  differences                                                               
  As at 31                                                                  
  December           7,798             36,638         249        44,686     
  2019                                                                      
  Additions            419              9,465         137        10,022     
  Depreciati…       (2,730  )         (14,047  )     (167  )    (16,944  )  
  expense                                                                   
  Exchange             (99  )               —           —           (99  )  
  differences                                                               
  As at 31                                                                  
  December           5,388             32,057         219        37,664     
  2020                                                                      
                                                                            
Set out below are the lease liabilities, the movements and interests and
payments during the period:
                                                    
  (in EUR, thousands)        2019          2020     
  As at 1 January          32,209        46,911     
  Additions                25,011        10,022     
  Interest expense          1,851         2,149     
  Payments                (12,207  )    (18,696  )  
  Exchange differences         47          (759  )  
  As at 31 December        46,911        39,627     
  Current                  15,018        18,430     
  Non-current              31,894        21,198     
                                                    
The Lease Liability at the date of initial recognition was calculated using
an average IBR of 5 %.
                                                               
  (in EUR, thousands)                          2019      2020  
  Depreciation expense of                    11,178    16,944  
  right-of-use assets                                          
  Interest expense on lease liabilities       1,851     2,149  
  Expense relating to short-term leases         381       531  
  Expense relating to leases of low-value         —        31  
  assets                                                       
  Total amount recognized in profit or       13,410    19,655  
  loss                                                         
                                                               
As of 31 December 2020, the Company signed new lease contracts which will
lead to a future cash outflow of EUR 5,089 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR
10,744 thousand). 24. Share based payments Virtual Share Option Plan (VSOP)
The Virtual Share Option Plan was introduced in FY 2012. The options were
granted for no consideration and the program is classified as cash-settled
plan. The VSOP contains two conditions: a four-year vesting period and an
exercise event, which is considered a sale of at least 75 % sale of the
F-122

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 company’s assets (asset sale) or a
sale of at least 75 % of all of the shares (trade sale) in the Company or
the occurrence of an Initial Public Offering (IPO) and the subsequent
expiration of any and all transfer restrictions (Lock-upperiod). If these
conditions are met, the VSOP holder can exercise the options and is entitled
to a cash payment. The cash payment shall be the number of Virtual Share
Options multiplied by the calculated value of the proceeds per common share.
The value per Virtual Share Option shall be determined as follows:
                                                                            
       in the case of a trade sale such value shall be determined on the    
  •    basis of the average actual proceeds per common share                
       in connection with the trade Sale                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       in the case of an asset sale such value shall be determined on the   
  •    basis of the actual or calculated liquidation                        
       proceeds per common Share after the completion of the asset Sale     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       in the case of an IPO such value shall be determined on the basis    
  •    of the average of the three daily closing prices for                 
       the common shares following the lock-up Period.                      
                                                                            
New Management Shares (NMS) The fair value of share options granted is
estimated at the date of grant using a Monte-Carlo simulation model, taking
into account the terms and conditions on which the New Management Shares
were granted. If 50 % or more of the shares of the company are sold, the NMS
are entitled to the sales proceeds if the hurdle price of EUR 4.065 for each
share is exceeded and then subsequent to the satisfaction of the Series E
shareholders and the Preferred Common Stock owners. The NMS contain a
liquidation preference that might result in a disproportional participation
if certain sale proceeds hurdles are satisfied. Other programs In the course
of the acquisition of Unbotify Ltd. in FY 2019, a share incentive plan
(hereafter referred to a “ESOP”) was introduced, which is not material. The
ESOP is treated similar to the VSOP. The acquisition of Acquired IO in FY
2018 contained an earn-outarrangement based on VSOP with an earn-outperiod
of 24 months. Also, the consideration for acquiring Aquired IO was partly
paid with shares of the company, which are subject to an 18-monthclaw-back
period. Valuation and Recognition The expense recognized for employee
services received during the year is shown in the following table:
                                                               
  (in EUR, thousands)                          2019      2020  
  Expense from equity-settled share-based     4,593     9,107  
  payment transactions                                         
  Expense arising from cash-settled          27,433    51,842  
  share-based payment transactions                             
  Expenses arising from other programs        1,980       990  
  Total expense arising from share-based     34,006    61,939  
  payment transactions                                         
                                                               
The NMS, VSOP and ESOP plan terms provide for an accelerated vesting in case
of trade sale of an exercise event. Due to the high likelihood of the
current trade sale offer, all outstanding NMS and ESOP / VSOP where set to
an accelerated vesting status, resulting in a full recognition of expense
and the relating liabilities as of 31 December 2020. F-123

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 New Management Shares (NMS) The New
Management Shares plan is classified as an equity-settled plan. Therefore,
the fair value of NMS must be determined at the grant date and distributed
over the total 48 months vesting period, also reflecting the respective
monthly vesting. For the 2019 grant this was applied accordingly. Due to the
acceleration of the vesting the entire fair value was recognized as of 31
December 2020. Virtual Share Option Program (VSOP) and ESOP The VSOP / ESOP
plans are classified as cash-settled share-based compensation. Therefore,
the fair market value has to be determined and the relating expenses and
liabilities determined at each accounting date. As in FY 2019 an exercise
event is likely to occur, the fair value as of 31 December 2019 must be
determined and the respective expenses and liabilities for vested VSOP
should be booked. In 2020, the full value of the VSOP / ESOP based on the
current trade sale offer of USD 940 million is recognized in the financial
statements. No cancellations and modifications of awards occurred in 2019
and 2020. The carrying amount of the liability relating to the VSOP/ ESOP
amounts to EUR 79,275 thousand (2019: EUR 27,433). Movements during the year
The following table illustrates the number and movements in the share-based
compensation plans during the year.
                                                                            
                              2019      2020      2020      2019      2020  
                            Number    Number    Number    Number    Number  
                              VSOP      VSOP      ESOP       NMS       NMS  
  Outstanding 1 January      8,275     9,116         —         —     7,519  
  Granted during the           841     1,261       170     7,519       396  
  year                                                                      
  Forfeited during the           —         —         —         —         —  
  year                                                                      
  Exercised during the           —         —         —         —         —  
  year                                                                      
  Outstanding at 31          9,116    10,377       170     7,519     7,915  
  December                                                                  
  Exercisable at 31              —         —         —         —         —  
  December                                                                  
                                                                            
The exercise prices for VSOP as of 31 December 2020 was EUR 0 (2019: EUR 0).
The exercise price of the NMS was EUR 1. F-124

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 The following table lists the input
parameters to the Monte Carlo model used for the 7,519 NMS granted to
Christian Henschel, Paul Müller, Mirko Deneke and Shawn Bonham (or their
holding vehicles) in 2019:
                                                                            
  Parameter                             2019                                
                                                Equity value applied in     
  Company value                 TEUR 380,000    the Series E shares         
                                                financing round             
                                                Mid-point of an expected    
                                                investment period of        
  Expected remaining plan            4 years    private equity or later     
  term                                          stage venture capital       
                                                firms between 3 and 5       
                                                years                       
                                                U.S. Daily Treasury Yield   
  Risk-free rate                       1.77%    Curve Rates according to    
                                                the remaining plan term     
                                                Median of a competitor /    
  Expected volatility                    44%    software companies peer     
                                                group volatility over 4     
                                                years                       
  Valuation Model                Monte Carlo                                
                                                                            
The fair value of one NMS at the 2019 grant was EUR 1,624.17. The following
table lists the input parameters to the Monte Carlo model used for VSOP as
of 31 December 2019:
                                                                            
  Parameter                             2019                                
                                                Equity value applied in     
  Company value                 TEUR 380,000    the Series E shares         
                                                financing round             
  Expected remaining plan                       Remaining period until 30   
  term                             3.5 years    June 2023 (expected trade   
                                                sale)                       
                                                U.S. Daily Treasury Yield   
  Risk-free rate                       1.64%    Curve Rates according to    
                                                the remaining plan term     
                                                Median of a competitor /    
  Expected volatility                    44%    software companies peer     
                                                group volatility over 4     
                                                years                       
  Valuation Model                Monte Carlo                                
                                                                            
The fair value of one VSOP as of 31 December 2019 was EUR 3,620.61. The pay-
outof one VSOP / ESOP matches the pay-outof one common share, resulting a
fair value of EUR 7,577.17 per VSOP / ESOP as of 31 December 2020. The
following table lists the input parameters to the Monte Carlo model used for
the 396 NMS granted to Kathryn Hutchinson Madding and William Kiriakis in
2020:
                                                                            
  Parameter                             2020                                
                                                Expected trade sale at USD  
  Company value                 TEUR 785,809    940 million equity value,   
                                                in EUR with an USD/EUR      
                                                exchange rate of 1.19622    
                                                Remaining period until 31   
  Expected remaining plan                       December 2020 as            
  term                            0.08 years    accelerated vesting date    
                                                due to the expected trade   
                                                sale                        
                                                U.S. Daily Treasury Yield   
  Risk-free rate                       0.08%    Curve Rates according to    
                                                the remaining plan term     
                                                Median of a competitor /    
  Expected volatility                    43%    software companies peer     
                                                group historic volatility   
                                                over two years              
  Valuation Model                Monte Carlo                                
                                                                            
The fair value of one NMS at the 2020 grant was EUR 3,757.42. F-125

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 25. Related party transactions Other
current financial assets include a receivable against the shareholders for
reimbursement of transaction costs regarding the sale of the company (Note
29) amounting to EUR 905 thousand (31 December 2019: EUR 0). The table below
summarizes the key management personnel compensation in the years 2019 and
2020:
                                                          
  (in EUR, thousands)             Year 2019    Year 2020  
  Short-term employee benefits        1,895        3,110  
  Share-based payment                 4,593        9,107  
  Total                               6,488       12,217  
                                                          
The short-term employee benefits include salary and bonuses. 26. Cash flow
The statement of cash flow reports cash flows during the period classified
by operating, investing and financing activities. Adjust presents its cash
flows using the indirect method. The table below summarizes the changes in
the carrying amounts of interest-bearing loans and borrowings in the years
2019 and 2020:
                                                                            
                                         TriplePoint    SVB                 
  (in EUR, thousands)                       Facility    Facility     Total  
  As of January 1, 2019                            —    —                —  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flow from financing activities         23,644    —           23,644  
  Proceeds from taking out loans              23,644    —           23,644  
  Payments for the redemption of                   —    —                —  
  loans                                                                     
  Total cash-effective change                 23,644    —           23,644  
  Exchange rate changes                          432    —              432  
  Other non-cash-effective changes             1,020    —            1,020  
  As of December 31, 2019                     25,096    —           25,096  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (in EUR, thousands)          TriplePoint            SVB         Total     
                                  Facility       Facility                   
  As of January 1, 2020             25,096              —        25,096     
  Cash flow from financing         (25,557  )      34,077         8,520     
  activities                                                                
  Proceeds from taking out               —         34,077        34,077     
  loans                                                                     
  Payments for the                 (25,557  )           —       (25,557  )  
  redemption of loans                                                       
  Total cash-effective             (25,557  )      34,077         8,520     
  change                                                                    
  Exchange rate changes             (1,003  )      (1,480  )     (2,483  )  
  Other non-cash-effective           1,464            721         2,186     
  changes                                                                   
  As of December 31, 2020                —         33,319        33,319     
                                                                            
The amount of undrawing borrowing facilities available for the future
operating activities amounts to USD 10 million as of 31 December 2020. F-126

adjust GmbH Berlin Consolidated Financial Statements for the Financial Year
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 27. Commitments and contingencies As
of (31 December 2019) 31 December 2020, the company has no unrecognized
commitments other than from leasing (Note 23). 28. Standards issued but not
yet effective The new and amended standards and interpretations that are
issued, but not yet effective, up to the date of issuance of the Company’s
financial statements are disclosed below. The Company intends to adopt these
new and amended standards and interpretations, if applicable, when they
become effective.
                                                                            
                                                                IASB        
  IASB documents                                                Effective   
                                                                date        
  IFRS STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS                                        
  IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts (issued on 18 May 2017);                      
  including Amendments to IFRS 17 (issued on                    01/01/2023  
  25 June 2020)                                                             
  AMENDMENTS                                                                
  Amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial                             
  Statements: Classification of Liabilities as                              
  Current or Non-current and Classification of                  01/01/2023  
  Liabilities as Current or Non-current - Deferral                          
  of Effective Date (issued on 23 January 2020 and                          
  15 July 2020 respectively)                                                
  Amendments to                                                             
  • IFRS 3 Business Combinations;                                           
  • IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment;                       01/01/2022  
  • IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent                
  Assets                                                                    
  • Annual Improvements 2018-2020 (All issued 14 May 2020)                  
  Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16                  
  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform—Phase 2 (issued                01/01/2021  
  on 27 August 2020)                                                        
                                                                            
Adjust does not expect a material impact from the adoption of new and
amended standards and interpretations. 29. Events after the reporting period
On 2 February 2021 the shareholders of Adjust signed a sale and purchase
agreement regarding 100% of the shares of Adjust with the mobile apps
company AppLovin Corp. Upon closing AppLovin Corp. will be the sole
shareholder of Adjust. Adjust will remain an independent company within the
AppLovin Corp. 15 February 2021 The Management Board
                                             
  /s/ Paul Müller    /s/ Christian Henschel  
  Paul Müller        Christian Henschel      
                                             
F-127

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF MARCH 31, 2020 AND FOR THE THREE MONTH PERIOD ENDING MARCH 31, 2019
AND MARCH 31, 2020

F-128

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
DECEMBER 31, 2019 AND MARCH 31, 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands,                                                            
  except share and                                                          
  per                                                                       
  share information)        December 31, 2019 a          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             -Unaudited     
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                                           
  Cash and cash          $               91,759       $          58,128     
  equivalents                                                               
  Accounts                               20,644                  25,918     
  receivable, net                                                           
  Deferred cost of                            —                       —     
  revenue                                                                   
  Prepaid expenses                                                          
  and other current                       3,815                   3,844     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current                         116,218                  87,890     
  assets                                                                    
  Property, equipment                    64,701                  57,422     
  and software, net                                                         
  License assets, net                    35,314                  30,894     
  Goodwill                                3,438                   3,438     
  Intangible assets,                      2,270                   2,253     
  net                                                                       
  Other noncurrent                        2,991                   2,966     
  assets                                                                    
  Total assets           $              224,932       $         184,863     
  Liabilities and                                                           
  stockholders’                                                             
  deficit                                                                   
  Current                                                                   
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts payable       $               18,264       $          31,358     
  Accrued liabilities                    29,025                  19,575     
  Deferred revenue                      100,771                 104,774     
  Loans payable                          11,541                 226,159     
  Capital lease                          10,464                   7,137     
  obligations                                                               
  License obligations                    17,628                  17,748     
  Other current                          29,667                  25,114     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total current                         217,360                 431,865     
  liabilities                                                               
  Loans payable,                        330,232                 185,628     
  long-term                                                                 
  Capital lease                                                             
  obligations,                              791                       —     
  long-term                                                                 
  License                                                                   
  obligations,                           18,054                  18,176     
  long-term                                                                 
  Other long-term                        21,158                  19,264     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total liabilities                     587,595                 654,933     
  Commitments and                                                           
  contingencies (note                                                       
  12)                                                                       
  Stockholders’                                                             
  deficit:                                                                  
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series A, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—113,538,740                           1                       1     
  shares authorized,                                                        
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series B, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—92,502,640                                                          
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  91,145,440 shares                                                         
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series C, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—142,499,110                                                         
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  141,180,416 shares                                                        
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series D, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—65,709,968                                                          
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  55,526,655 shares                                                         
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Common stock,                                                             
  $0.00001 par                                                              
  value—1,450,000,000                                                       
  shares authorized                                                         
  at December 31,                                                           
  2019 and                                                                  
  March 31, 2020;                             7                       7     
  647,379,255 and                                                           
  647,380,255 shares                                                        
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020,                                                       
  respectively                                                              
  Treasury stock                              1                       1     
  Additional paid-in                    574,197                 575,612     
  capital                                                                   
  Accumulated deficit                  (936,872  )           (1,045,694  )  
  Total stockholders’                  (362,663  )             (470,070  )  
  deficit                                                                   
  Total liabilities                                                         
  and stockholders’      $              224,932       $         184,863     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
                                                              
  a  Derived from audited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
                                                              
F-129

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2019 AND 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                 March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenues                    $         127,451       $          73,705     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                        48,031                  34,798     
  Research and development               20,630                  25,157     
  Sales and marketing                    34,648                  28,745     
  General and                             9,661                  10,224     
  administrative                                                            
  Depreciation and                       14,890                  11,859     
  amortization                                                              
  Total costs and expenses              127,860                 110,783     
  Loss from operations                     (409  )              (37,078  )  
  Interest expense                       (9,380  )              (73,461  )  
  Interest income                            90                      54     
  Other income (expense),                  (151  )                1,699     
  net                                                                       
  Loss before income taxes               (9,850  )             (108,786  )  
  Provision from income                      30                      36     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss                    $          (9,880  )    $        (108,822  )  
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-130

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31,
2019 AND 2020 (In thousands, except shares)
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-131

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2019 AND 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                 March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating activities:                                                     
  Net loss                    $          (9,880  )    $        (108,822  )  
  Adjustments to reconcile                                                  
  net loss to net                                                           
  cash used in operating                                                    
  activities:                                                               
  Depreciation and                       14,890                  11,859     
  amortization                                                              
  Stock-based compensation                2,529                   1,415     
  Non-cash interest                       4,445                   7,782     
  expense                                                                   
  Amortization of debt                                                      
  discount and                               46                  61,127     
  issuance cost                                                             
  Other non-cash                            (98  )               (1,735  )  
  adjustments                                                               
  Changes in operating                                                      
  assets and                                                                
  liabilities, net of                                                       
  business acquisition:                                                     
                                                                            
  Accounts receivable, net              (15,012  )               (5,239  )  
  Prepaid expenses and                      983                      (3  )  
  other assets                                                              
  Accounts payable                       (8,760  )               13,256     
  Accrued and other                     (11,816  )              (16,544  )  
  current liabilities                                                       
  Deferred revenue                       (5,067  )                4,003     
  Other long-term                             —                     (42  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Net cash used in                      (27,740  )              (32,943  )  
  operating activities                                                      
  Investing activities:                                                     
  Purchases of property,                                                    
  equipment and                          (3,284  )                 (326  )  
  software                                                                  
  Acquisition of license                                                    
  assets and other                       (9,160  )                    —     
  intangibles                                                               
  Proceeds from sale of                                                     
  property,                                  10                      18     
  equipment and software                                                    
  Net cash used in                      (12,434  )                 (308  )  
  investing activities                                                      
  Financing activities:                                                     
  Proceeds from loans, net                                                  
  of issuance                            11,485                   3,733     
  costs                                                                     
  Principal payments on                                                     
  capital lease                          (6,927  )               (4,113  )  
  obligations                                                               
  Payments on loans                     (11,668  )                    —     
  Proceeds from the                                                         
  exercise of stock                          68                       —     
  options                                                                   
  Net cash used in                       (7,042  )                 (380  )  
  financing activities                                                      
  Net decrease in cash,                                                     
  cash equivalents                      (47,216  )              (33,631  )  
  and restricted cash                                                       
  Cash, cash equivalents                                                    
  and restricted                        118,691                  91,759     
  cash—beginning of period                                                  
  Cash, cash equivalents                                                    
  and restricted              $          71,475       $          58,128     
  cash—end of period                                                        
  Supplemental disclosure                                                   
  of cash flow                                                              
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for income        $              73       $              80     
  taxes, net                                                                
  Cash paid for interest      $           4,889       $           4,689     
  Supplemental disclosure                                                   
  of noncash                                                                
  investing and financing                                                   
  activities:                                                               
  Acquisition of property,                                                  
  equipment and software                                                    
  included in accounts        $             157       $               —     
  payable and accrued                                                       
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock-based compensation                                                  
  included in                                                               
  capitalized internal-use    $             260       $               —     
  software                                                                  
  development costs                                                         
  Issuance of common stock                                                  
  in connection               $         298,186       $               —     
  with waiver of                                                            
  liquidation preference                                                    
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-132

MACHINE ZONE, INC.

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Organization and Description of Business

Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone” or the “Company”), a Delaware
corporation, was formed on January 14, 2008,
under the name Addmired, Inc. On March 28, 2012, the Company changed its
name to Machine Zone, Inc. Machine Zone develops, publishes, and operates
free-to-play mid
to hardcore mobile games worldwide on mobile app partners’ (“Distribution
Partners”) platforms.

The Company
generates revenue from sales of in-game virtual goods through Distribution
Partners. Machine Zone is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) for interim
financial information and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do
not include all of the information and
footnotes required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(consisting of normal accruals) considered for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2020 are
not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December
31, 2020. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the Company’s
Audited Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2019.

There have been no material changes to the Company’s
significant accounting policies as of and for the three months ended March
31, 2020, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in
the Company’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2019.

The Company’s unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared on
a going-concern basis,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of
liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business.

Liquidity

For the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company has continued to
incur net losses, has negative cash flows from
operations, and a significant decline in revenue and has an accumulated
deficit of $1.0 billion. As of March 31, 2020, the Company has outstanding
loans of approximately $412 million. However, in connection with the merger
with
AppLovin Corporation (the “Acquirer” or “AppLovin”, see Note 15) on May 19,
2020, these loans were fully repaid. Furthermore in May 2020, the Company
announced a reduction-in-force impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s
employees and a restructuring of its lease facilities in Palo Alto (see Note
15) which in combination significantly reduced its operating
expenses. The Company is in the process of being fully integrated with the
Acquirer as a single combined entity. As a result of these actions, the
Company expects to have sufficient liquidity to sustain its operations and
satisfy any of its
obligations as and when they fall due.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the condensed financial statements and

F-133

accompanying notes. Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in the
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include, but are not
limited to, the estimated average playing periods of paying players that the
Company uses for revenue recognition, estimated fair value of preferred
stock, common stock, preferred and common stock warrants, stock options and
restricted stock awards issued, useful lives of property and equipment,
internal-usesoftware development costs, estimated fair value of licensed
assets and obligations, accrued liabilities, capital lease obligations, and
deferred tax assets and valuation allowance related to income taxes, as well
as the fair value of debt instruments and embedded derivatives. Actual
results may differ from those estimates. Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Comprehensive income (loss) is equal to net income (loss) for all periods
presented. Concentrations of Credit Risk and Significant Partners Financial
instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentration of
credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
receivable, net. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents primarily
with major financial institutions in the United States, which management
assesses to be of high credit quality, in order to limit the exposure of
each investment. Distribution Partners accounting for 10% or more of the
Company’s accounts receivable, net were as follows:
                                                                  
                            December 31,       March 31, 2020     
                                    2019          (Unaudited)     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Distribution Partner A              55  %                63  %  
  Distribution Partner B              35  %                29  %  
  Distribution Partner C              10  %                 9  %  
                                                                  
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Revenue Recognition In May 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued new guidance on revenue
from contracts with customers. The new standard provides principle for
recognizing revenue when control of promised goods or services is
transferred to customers with the expected consideration in exchange for
those goods or services, as well as guidance on the recognition of costs
related to obtaining and fulfilling customer contracts. The standard also
requires expanded disclosures about the nature, amount, timing, and
uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets
recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The Company
adopted the standard on January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective
method, which was applied to customer contracts that were not completed as
of January 1, 2019. The Company’s results of operations beginning after
January 1, 2019 are presented in accordance with ASC 606, while prior
periods continue to be reported in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue
Recognition. The most significant impact of adopting the new revenue
standard was to record the platform service charges as costs of revenue in
the period incurred. Although the platform service charges are incremental
in nature, these charges are not costs incurred solely in the Company’s
effort to obtain the contract and there are no sales or marketing efforts
made by the platform providers. As platform service charges do not clearly
meet the criteria for capitalization as either incremental costs of
obtaining a contract or fulfillment costs, such charges are expensed as
incurred. F-134

As a result of adopting the new revenue standard, the following adjustments
were made to the Company’s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet at
January 1, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                                                 
  Consolida…                                                                
  Balance             December                               January 1,     
  Sheets              31, 2018          Adjustments          2019           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $       38,884       $  (38,884      )    $  —              
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…          (961,224  )       (38,884      )       (1,000,108  )  
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                                                 
  Consolida…                                Amount          Changes due     
  Statements                               without                   to     
  of               Amount as           adoption of          adoption of     
  Operations        reported               ASC 606              ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of       $     48,031       $        49,575       $       (1,544  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  costs and          127,860               129,404               (1,544  )  
  expenses                                                                  
  Loss from             (409  )             (1,953  )             1,544     
  operations                                                                
  Loss                                                                      
  before              (9,850  )            (11,394  )             1,544     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss            (9,880  )            (11,424  )             1,544     
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2019
(unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                 Amount          Changes due     
  Consolida…                               without                   to     
  Balance          Amount as           adoption of          adoption of     
  Sheets           reported                ASC 606              ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $  —               $        37,340       $      (37,340  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…       (711,802   )           (713,346  )             1,544     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Adopted Leases In February 2016,
the FASB issued new guidance on lease accounting. Among its provision, the
standard requires lessees to recognize right-of-useassets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheets for operating leases and also requires
additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about lease
arrangements. This new guidance will be effective for its fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance
on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Income Tax
In December 2019, the FASB issued guidance that simplifies the accounting
for incomes taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles
in ASC 740, Income taxes, and amending existing guidance to improve
consistent application. For private entities, the new guidance will be
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Most
amendments within this standard are required to be applied on a prospective
basis, while certain amendments must be applied on a retrospective or
modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. F-135

3. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2019
and March 31, 2020, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                         
                                      December 31,       March 31, 2020  
                                              2019          (Unaudited)  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash                             $        44,353    $          14,456  
  Restricted cash (See Note 12)             13,057               13,057  
  Money market funds                        34,349               30,615  
  Total                            $        91,759    $          58,128  
                                                                         
4. Fair Value Measurements The Company accounts for its financial assets and
liabilities at fair value in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC 820”). ASC 820 establishes a three-tier
fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair
value as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active
markets for identical, unrestricted assets, or liabilities. Level 2—Quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities or inputs other than quoted prices
in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly. Level
3—Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which
requires the Company to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation
techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow
models, and similar techniques. The following table summarizes the Company’s
financial instruments’ classification within the fair value hierarchy as of
December 31, 2019 as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $        —    $  13,057  
  Money market             34,349       —                   —       34,349  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   47,406    $  —          $        —    $  47,406  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
  liabilities                                                               
                                                                            
The following table summarizes the Company’s financial instruments’
classification within the fair value hierarchy as of March 31, 2020 as
follows (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $  —          $  13,057  
  Money market             30,615       —             —             30,615  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   43,672    $  —          $  —          $  43,672  
                                                                            
F-136

The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in connection with the
issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 (See Note 8) and are carried at
zero fair value in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31,
2019 and March 31, 2020. For determination of the derivative liabilities and
fair value changes for the three months ended March 31, 2020, please see
Note 9. Derivative Liabilities. 5. License Assets and License Obligations
The Company entered into an agreement in October 2016 to use a third-party
content in the Company’s game. The Company records these license payments as
a license asset and a license obligation at the fair value on the contract
date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The license asset is amortized
on a straight-line method over the license term. For the three months ended
March 31, 2019 and 2020, license asset amortization of $4.4 million and $4.4
million, respectively, were recognized in the unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations. The expected future amortization
expense of license assets as of March 31, 2020 is as follows (unaudited, in
thousands):
                                          
  Years Ending December 31,               
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020            $  13,261  
  2021                            17,633  
  Total                        $  30,894  
                                          
During the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company recorded
interest expense of $0.3 million and $0.2 million for the license
obligations, respectively. The unrealized and realized foreign currency gain
or loss was not material for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively. The following table summarizes the future license payments for
the Company’s license obligations at March 31, 2020 (unaudited, in
thousands):
                                                           
  Years Ending December 31,                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                         $   18,431     
  2021                                          18,431     
  Total license payments                        36,862     
  Less:                                                    
  Imputed interest                                (938  )  
  Current portion of license obligations       (17,748  )  
  License obligations, long-term            $   18,176     
                                                           
6. Accrued and Other Current Liabilities Accrued current liabilities at
December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, consist of the following (in
thousands):
                                                              
                           December 31,       March 31, 2020  
                                   2019          (Unaudited)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Payroll related       $        23,551    $          12,997  
  Marketing expenses              4,594                5,634  
  Other                             566                  484  
  Legal fees                        314                  460  
  Total                 $        29,025    $          19,575  
                                                              
F-137

Other current liabilities at December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, consist
of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                            March 31, 2020  
                                    December 31, 2019          (Unaudited)  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Other taxes payable            $             12,772    $          12,653  
  Office lease: cease-use                      13,769                9,348  
  obligation                                                                
  Other                                         3,126                3,113  
  Total                          $             29,667    $          25,114  
                                                                            
7. Debt Loan Facilities As of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, the
outstanding borrowing under the revolving line of credit was $11.6 million
and $15.3 million, respectively. The interest rates were 6% for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 and ranging from 3.75% to 5.25% for the three
months ended March 31, 2020. The loan facilities are due on July 31, 2020.
Debt Financing In February 2018, the Company entered into a financing
agreement (“Financing Agreement”) with a financial institution for a
principal amount of $200.0 million. The agreement was amended in March, June
and July 2019 to modify and/or eliminate certain of its financial covenants.
Under the terms of the Financing Agreement, as amended, the Company is
required to maintain minimum liquidity of $30 million through June 2020, $40
million in July 2020 and then $60 million for the remaining term of the
Financing Agreement (February 2021). Interest only monthly payments are due
in arrears, and the principal, paid-in-kindand all accrued but unpaid
interest is due on February 1, 2021. For the three months ended March 31,
2019 and 2020, the interest rate was 15.99% and 15.09%, respectively. The
Company incurred interest expense of $8.1 million and $8.1 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The Company was in
compliance with the covenant requirements through March 31, 2020. 8.
Convertible Promissory Notes On July 12, 2019, the Company issued $142.9
million in convertible promissory notes (“Convertible Notes”). These
Convertible Notes are recorded as part of the Loans Payable, Long-term. The
Convertible Notes bear interest of 10% per annum and mature on the second
anniversary of the issuance date. The following table sets forth the
components of the Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2019 and March 31,
2020 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                         March 31, 2020     
                              December 31, 2019             (Unaudited)     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Principal                $            142,857       $         142,857     
  300% settlement                                                           
  amount in excess of                                                       
  principal and                         345,714                 345,714     
  paid-in-kind interest                                                     
  at                                                                        
  maturity                                                                  
  Unamortized debt                     (374,308  )             (313,237  )  
  discount                                                                  
  Net carrying amount      $            114,263       $         175,334     
                                                                            
F-138

The following table sets forth interest expense recognized related to the
Convertible Notes for the three months ended March 31, 2020 (in thousands):
                                                              
                                          Three months Ended  
                                              March 31, 2020  
                                                 (Unaudited)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Paid-in-kind interest                $               3,562  
  expense                                                     
  Amortization of debt discount                       61,071  
  Total interest expense recognized    $              64,633  
                                                              
9. Derivative Liabilities The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in
connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 and are
carried at fair value, which is calculated using a model that is based on
discounted cash flows. The model stimulates different outcomes for the
expected period to maturity, financing or next probable transaction. As of
December 31, 2019, the derivative liabilities were deemed to have zero value
since the fair value of the convertible note with embedded derivative is
lower than the fair value of the convertible note without the embedded
derivatives. Similarly, as of March 31, 2020, the fair value of the
derivative liabilities were deemed to still have a zero value as the
conversion features of the embedded derivatives still had no incremental
value to the holders. 10. Capital Lease Obligations Capital leases
outstanding at March 31, 2020 generally have a three-year term and mature at
various dates until 2021, and bear interest rates ranging from 5.53% to
12.31% per annum. The Company recorded $0.5 million and $0.2 million of
interest expense in relation to the capital lease arrangements for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The present value of
future minimum lease payments under the Company’s capital lease obligations
at March 31, 2020 is as follows (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                        
  Years Ending December 31,                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                       $   6,523     
  2021                                          797     
  Total minimum lease payments                7,320     
  Less:                                                 
  Imputed interest                             (183  )  
  Current portion of capital lease           (7,137  )  
  obligations                                           
  Capital lease obligations, long-term    $       —     
                                                        
11. Stock Warrants As of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, the Company
has outstanding warrants for 1,357,200 shares of convertible Series B
preferred stock and 3,552,790 shares of common stock, respectively. The fair
value of the warrants as of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020,
respectively:
                                                                            
                                                            March 31, 2020  
                                    December 31, 2019       (Unaudited)     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Convertible Series B                                                      
  preferred stock                $                752    $  —               
  warrants                                                                  
  Common stock warrant                            978       —               
  Total warrant liabilities      $              1,730    $  —               
                                                                            
F-139

The warrant liabilities are reported in the Other Long-Term Liabilities of
the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. For the three months
ended March 31, 2019, the change in the fair value of the warrants was not
material. For the three months ended March 31, 2020, the change in the fair
value of the warrants was $1.7 million and was recorded in other income
(expense), net, in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
operations. 12. Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases The Company
leases office and colocation facilities under non-cancellableoperating lease
and sublease agreements that expire at various terms through 2028. The
following summarizes the future minimum payments under the Company’s
operating leases, subleases, colocation facility, and sublease proceeds
under non-cancelableoperating leases at March 31, 2020 (unaudited, in
thousands):
                                                          
  Years Ending December 31,                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                        $   20,589     
  2021                                         26,840     
  2022                                         21,652     
  2023                                         16,747     
  2024                                         17,250     
  Thereafter                                   63,723     
  Total minimum lease payments                166,801     
  Less: non-cancellable sublease income       (21,028  )  
  Total                                    $  145,773     
                                                          
For the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, rent expense was $4.1
million and $4.0 million, respectively. Letter of Credit Agreements As of
March 30, 2020, the Company has the following three letter of credit
agreements (“LOCs”):
                                                                            
       Two standby LOCs with a bank in lieu of a deposit under the          
       Company’s sublease agreements for certain office                     
  •    buildings. Under these two LOCs, the Company’s landlord can draw up  
       to $13.1 million under certain conditions. These LOCs are required   
       through June 2027.                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       One standby LOC with a bank that provides for a $6.8 million         
       irrevocable LOC for a sublease agreement. The LOCs may               
       not exceed the aggregate loan value of the collateral, which is      
  •    defined as all assets held or to be held in custody accounts,        
       safeguarding accounts, investment management accounts, and/or other  
       accounts with the bank. The Company is in compliance                 
       with this requirement through March 31, 2020. This LOC is required   
       through July 2022.                                                   
                                                                            
No amounts were drawn against the LOCs during the periods presented. F-140

Purchase Obligations As of March 31, 2020, the Company had no additional
material purchase obligations. Legal Matters The Company is at times
involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the normal course of
business. Such matters are subject to uncertainties and outcomes and are not
predictable with assurance. The Company assesses the probability of
incurring any such losses and whether or not those losses are estimable.
Amounts are accrued that are believed to be adequate to address any
liabilities related to legal proceedings and other loss contingencies that
are reasonably estimable. On October 27, 2020, Machine Zone and Epic Action
were served with a complaint for a putative class action alleging statutory
claims for violation of California Unfair Competition Law and unjust
enrichment—in connection with sales of virtual packs in Final Fantasy XV: A
New Empire. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims
and, based on information currently available, it does not anticipate that
this matter will result in a materially unfavorable outcome. 13.
Stockholders’ Deficit Convertible Preferred Stock The convertible preferred
stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and March 31,
2020 (unaudited), is as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                   Shares                                   
                                   Issued            Net         Aggregate  
                   Shares             and       Carrying       Liquidation  
               Authorized     Outstanding         Amount        Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740     113,538,740    $     4,881    $            —  
  Series B     92,502,640      91,145,440          7,345                 —  
  Series C    142,499,110     141,180,416        134,121            93,370  
  Series D     65,709,968      55,526,655         62,190            53,667  
  Total       414,250,458     401,391,251    $   208,537    $      147,037  
                                                                            
Changes of Liquidation Right In March 2019, the Company completed a
recapitalization whereby all holders of Series A and Series B preferred
waived 100% of their liquidation preference. The arrangement was accounted
as a modification but does not have any impact on the Company’s consolidated
financials. Additionally, as part of the recapitalization, all holders of
Series C and certain holders of Series D agreed to voluntarily convert at
least 75% of the shares of its each Series C and Series D shares into common
stock immediately prior to a liquidation event in exchange for an additional
185 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock. The exchange was accounted
for as an extinguishment in the Series C and Series D Preferred Stock. The
difference between the fair value of the total consideration transferred and
the carrying value of the Series C and D extinguished is recorded to
retained earnings (accumulated deficit). Accordingly, the Company recorded
$298.2 million against the accumulated deficit for the three months ended
March 31, 2019. F-141

Stock Incentive Plan The stock option activity under the Company’s stock
plans during the three months ended March 31, 2020 is as follows
(unaudited):
                                                                            
                                                  Weighted                  
                                                   Average                  
                                    Weighted     Remaining                  
                                     Average    Contractu…       Aggregate  
                 Number of          Exercise          Term       Intrinsic  
                    Shares             Price       (Years)       Value      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance—…    136,616,617       $      0.42          6.96                  
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Options                —                 —                                
  granted                                                                   
  Options           (1,000  )    $      0.49                  $  —          
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (11,974,173  )    $      0.28                                
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    124,641,444       $      0.43          6.74                  
  31, 2020                                                                  
                                                                            
Stock-Based Compensation Stock Options The Company’s assumptions used in
determining the fair value for grants during the three months ended March
31, 2019 are as follows; there were no stock options granted during the
three months ended March 31, 2020.
                                                      
                               Three Months Ended     
                                   March 31, 2019     
                                      (Unaudited)     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Expected terms (in years)                  6.03     
  Expected volatility                       42.98  %  
  Expected dividend yield                       —     
  Risk-free interest rate                    2.61  %  
                                                      
Expected Term—The Company’s expected term represents the period of time that
the Company’s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is
determined using the simplified method described in the Staff Accounting
Bulletin (SAB) No. 107, as amended by SAB No. 110, Share-Based Payment.
Expected Volatility—Expected volatility is estimated using comparable public
company volatility for similar expected term. Expected Dividend—The Black-
Scholes valuation model calls for a single expected dividend yield as an
input, and the Company has never paid dividends and has no plans to pay
dividends. Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest rate used in the
Black-Scholes valuation model is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon
issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the
expected term of the option. Estimated Forfeitures—The Company uses an
annual estimated forfeiture rate based on the Company’s actual historical
forfeitures. F-142

Restricted Stock Awards The Company’s Restricted Stock Awards activity for
the three months ended March 31, 2020 is as follows (unaudited):
                                                                      
                                                            Weighted  
                                                             Average  
                                                               Grant  
                                           Number of       Date Fair  
                                          Restricted       Value per  
                                        Stock Awards           Share  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     133,980,508    $       0.51  
  Granted                                          —               —  
  Vested                                           —               —  
  Cancelled/forfeited                              —               —  
  Unvested balance—March 31, 2020        133,980,508    $       0.51  
                                                                      
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units The Company’s Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Units activity for the three months ended March 31, 2020 is
as follows (unaudited):
                                                                        
                                                              Weighted  
                                          Number of            Average  
                                        Performance              Grant  
                                              Based          Date Fair  
                                         Restricted          Value per  
                                        Stock Units              Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     38,005,982       $       0.92  
  Granted                                13,459,185       $       0.63  
  Vested                                          —                  —  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (7,512,338  )    $       0.42  
  Unvested balance—March 31, 2020        43,952,829       $       0.92  
                                                                        
The stock-based compensation expense recognized for the three months ended
March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                Three Months Ended                          
                                       (Unaudited)                          
                                    March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue            $                 231       $             118  
  Research and                               1,691                     948  
  development                                                               
  Sales and marketing                          321                     108  
  General and                                  546                     241  
  administrative                                                            
                                             2,789                   1,415  
  Less: capitalization                        (260  )                    —  
  Total                      $               2,529       $           1,415  
                                                                            
14. Income Taxes On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic
Security, or CARES, Act was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act did
not have a material impact on the income tax provision for the three months
ended March 31, 2020. F-143

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method.
The
provision for income taxes recorded in interim periods is recorded by
applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date income
before provision for income
taxes, excluding the effects of significant unusual or infrequently
occurring discrete items and jurisdictions where annual effective tax rate
cannot be reasonably estimated. In these cases, the Company will determine
the actual effective tax rate
for the year-to-date period. The tax effects of discrete items are recorded
in the same period that the related discrete items are reported and results
in a difference
between the actual effective tax rate and the estimated annual effective tax
rate.

The provision for income taxes of $30 thousands
and $36 thousands for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively, represented primarily estimated state income taxes. This
diverged from the combined U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate due to
the valuation allowance on
the Company’s U.S. deferred taxes.

The amount of gross uncertain tax positions was immaterial as of December
31, 2019 and
March 31, 2020. The amount of unrecognized tax positions that, if
recognized, would affect the rates was immaterial and any change in the
uncertain tax over the next twelve months would be immaterial as of December
31, 2019 and
March 31, 2020.

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to US federal and state income
taxation as well as foreign income
taxation. The Company is not under income tax examinations by any Federal,
State or Foreign taxing authorities.

15. Subsequent Events

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through December 2, 2020, the
issuance date of the condensed consolidated interim
financial statements, to determine whether they should be disclosed to keep
the condensed consolidated interim financial statements from being
misleading. The Company noted the following subsequent events that should be
disclosed:

Reduction in Force

In May 2020, the Company announced a reduction-in-force
impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s employees.

Merger

In May 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with AppLovin
pursuant to which the Company will be a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Acquirer (the “Acquisition”). The Acquisition was
completed and closed on May 19, 2020. As part of the merger agreement, the
Acquirer assumed or extinguished through payments of cash and equity and
assumed the
Company’s accounts receivable loan and Financing Agreement, outstanding
Convertible Notes, capital and operating leases, trade payables and the
remaining Series C and Series D liquidation preference.

Lease Termination

In connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into a lease
amendment arrangement with the landlord for the Company’s
buildings located at 1100 and 1200 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA. Under the
lease amendment, the Company and the landlord agreed to terminate the
Company’s sublease arrangement for the 1200 Page Mill Road building, release
the Company from its
payment obligation under a pre-existing lease termination agreement with
landlord and release the letter of credit held by the landlord with respect
to the building located at 1200 Page Mill Road. In
consideration of the early termination, the Acquirer made a payment in cash
equal to the letter of credit currently in place on 1200 Page Mill Road and
issued warrants of the Acquirer’s common stock.

F-144

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019

F-145

Independent Auditors’ Report The Board of Directors Machine Zone, Inc. Palo
Alto, California: Report on the Financial Statements We have audited the
accompanying financial statements of Machine Zone, Inc. and its
subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December
31, 2018 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes to the consolidated financial statements. Management’s
Responsibility for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for
the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial
statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles;
this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal
control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error. Auditors’ Responsibility Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the
amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The
procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgment, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk
assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity’s
preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. Accordingly, we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
audit opinion. Opinion In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Machine Zone, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2018
and 2019, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the
years then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.
                           
  /s/ KPMG LLP             
  Santa Clara, California  
  June 10, 2020            
 ───────────────────────── 
                           
F-146

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31,
2018 AND 2019
                                                                            
  (In thousands, except share and per                                       
  share information)                                                        
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents               $   118,691       $    91,759     
  Accounts receivable, net                     28,698            20,644     
  Deferred cost of revenue                     38,884                 —     
  Prepaid expenses and other current            5,623             3,815     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current assets                        191,896           116,218     
  Property, equipment and software,            93,802            64,701     
  net                                                                       
  License assets, net                          52,947            35,314     
  Goodwill                                      3,438             3,438     
  Intangible assets, net                        3,266             2,270     
  Other noncurrent assets                       3,240             2,991     
  Total assets                            $   348,589       $   224,932     
  Liabilities and stockholders’                                             
  deficit                                                                   
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts payable                        $    33,390       $    18,264     
  Accrued liabilities                          29,091            29,025     
  Deferred revenue                            128,008           100,771     
  Loans payable                                11,668            11,541     
  Capital lease obligations                    23,870            10,464     
  License obligations                          17,099            17,628     
  Other current liabilities                    20,545            29,667     
  Total current liabilities                   263,671           217,360     
  Loans payable, long-term                    213,407           330,232     
  Capital lease obligations, long-term         10,088               791     
  License obligations, long-term               35,182            18,054     
  Other long-term liabilities                  21,236            21,158     
  Total liabilities                           543,584           587,595     
  Commitments and contingencies (Note                                       
  14)                                                                       
  Stockholders’ deficit:                                                    
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  A, $0.00001 par value—113,538,740                                         
  shares authorized, issued and                     1                 1     
  outstanding at December 31, 2018 and                                      
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  B, $0.00001 par value—92,502,640                                          
  shares authorized at December 31,                                         
  2018 and December 31, 2019;                       1                 1     
  91,145,440 shares issued and                                              
  outstanding at December 31, 2018 and                                      
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  C, $0.00001 par value—142,499,110                                         
  shares authorized at December 31,                                         
  2018 and December 31, 2019;                       1                 1     
  142,499,110 shares and 141,180,416                                        
  shares issued and outstanding at                                          
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  D, $0.00001 par value—77,599,580                                          
  shares and 65,709,968 shares                                              
  authorized at December 31, 2018 and                                       
  December 31, 2019, respectively;                  1                 1     
  65,709,968 shares and 55,526,655                                          
  shares issued and outstanding at                                          
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Common stock, $0.00001 par                                                
  value—1,450,000,000 shares                                                
  authorized at December 31, 2018 and                                       
  December 31, 2019; 464,727,830 and                5                 7     
  647,379,255 shares outstanding at                                         
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Treasury stock                                    3                 1     
  Additional paid-in capital                  766,217           574,197     
  Accumulated deficit                        (961,224  )       (936,872  )  
  Total stockholders’ deficit                (194,995  )       (362,663  )  
  Total liabilities and stockholders’     $   348,589       $   224,932     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-147

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                                 2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenues                                 $  829,104       $   400,300     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                             344,032           161,023     
  Research and development                    109,596            93,979     
  Sales and marketing                         149,508            98,586     
  General and administrative                   45,274            63,802     
  Depreciation and amortization                82,089            56,478     
  Total costs and expenses                    730,499           473,868     
  Income (loss) from operations                98,605           (73,568  )  
  Interest expense                            (33,991  )       (170,137  )  
  Interest income                                 415               363     
  Other income (expense), net                 (12,058  )          7,921     
  Income (loss) before income taxes            52,971          (235,421  )  
  Provision (benefit) from income taxes          (118  )            673     
  Net income (loss)                        $   53,089       $  (236,094  )  
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-148

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’
DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019 (In thousands, except
shares)
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-149

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019 (In thousands)
                                                                            
  Operating activities:                          2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)                       $    53,089       $  (236,094  )  
  Adjustments to reconcile net income                                       
  (loss) to net cash used in operating                                      
  activities:                                                               
  Depreciation and amortization                82,089            56,478     
  Stock-based compensation                     13,306             7,429     
  Asset impairment                              3,053               798     
  Non-cash interest expense                     9,517            16,244     
  Amortization of debt discount and             2,080           126,441     
  issuance cost                                                             
  Other non-cash adjustments                   10,902            (7,155  )  
  Changes in operating assets and                                           
  liabilities, net of business                                              
  acquisition:                                                              
                                                                            
  Accounts receivable, net                     61,582             8,022     
  Deferred cost of revenue                     76,455                 —     
  Prepaid expenses and other assets            17,135             2,054     
  Accounts payable                            (28,620  )        (14,997  )  
  Accrued and other current                   (78,162  )          3,207     
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred revenue                           (253,045  )        (27,237  )  
  Other long-term liabilities                  (8,073  )            216     
  Net cash used in operating                  (38,692  )        (64,594  )  
  activities                                                                
  Investing activities:                                                     
  Purchases of property, equipment and        (32,761  )         (9,850  )  
  software                                                                  
  Acquisition of license assets and                                         
  other                                           (15  )        (16,519  )  
  intangibles                                                               
  Proceeds from sale of property,               1,069               188     
  equipment and software                                                    
  Changes in deposits                              59                 —     
  Net cash used in investing                  (31,648  )        (26,181  )  
  activities                                                                
  Financing activities:                                                     
  Proceeds from loans, net of issuance        187,768           121,329     
  costs                                                                     
  Retirement of common stock                     (185  )              —     
  Principal payments on capital lease         (45,991  )        (22,854  )  
  obligations                                                               
  Payments on loans                          (118,837  )        (34,811  )  
  Proceeds from the exercise of stock           1,125               179     
  options                                                                   
  Proceeds from issuance of restricted              1                 —     
  stock awards                                                              
  Net cash provided by financing               23,881            63,843     
  activities                                                                
  Net decrease in cash, cash                                                
  equivalents                                 (46,459  )        (26,932  )  
  and restricted cash                                                       
  Cash, cash equivalents and                                                
  restricted                                  165,150           118,691     
  cash—Beginning of year                                                    
  Cash, cash equivalents and                                                
  restricted                              $   118,691       $    91,759     
  cash—End of year                                                          
  Supplemental disclosure of cash flow                                      
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for income taxes, net         $     1,087       $       267     
  Cash paid for interest                  $    22,094       $    27,452     
  Supplemental disclosure of noncash                                        
  investing and financing activities:                                       
  Property, equipment and software        $    14,802       $         —     
  acquired under capital leases                                             
  Acquisition of property, equipment                                        
  and                                                                       
  software included in accounts           $     1,141       $       821     
  payable                                                                   
  and accrued liabilities                                                   
  Stock-based compensation included in                                      
  capitalized internal-use software       $       648       $       447     
  development costs                                                         
  Issuance of common stock warrants in    $     1,100       $         —     
  connection with loan                                                      
  Issuance of common stock in                                               
  connection                              $         —       $   298,186     
  with waiver of liquidation                                                
  preference                                                                
  Conversion of preferred shares into     $         —       $    32,805     
  convertible promissory notes                                              
  Beneficial conversion features in                                         
  connection with issuance of             $         —       $   132,065     
  convertible                                                               
  notes                                                                     
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-150

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019

1. Organization and Description of Business

Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone” or the “Company”), a Delaware
corporation, was formed on January 14, 2008,
under the name Addmired, Inc. On March 28, 2012, the Company changed its
name to Machine Zone, Inc. Machine Zone develops, publishes, and operates
free-to-play mid
to hardcore mobile games worldwide on mobile app partners’ (“Distribution
Partners”) platforms.

The Company
generates most of its revenue from sales of in-game virtual goods, and to a
lesser extent, digital advertising management services offered to third
parties (“Digital Advertising Services”). As of
December 31, 2018, the Company ceased providing the Digital Advertising
Services. Machine Zone is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company and its
wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated upon consolidation.

The Company’s financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of
business.

Liquidity

For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company has incurred a net loss,
negative cash flows from operations, and a significant
decline in revenue and has an accumulated deficit of $936.9 million as of
December 31, 2019. As a result of these factors, the Company does not have
sufficient liquidity to sustain its operations, capital expenditures, and
lease payments
for a period of twelve months following the issuance of the financial
statements. The Company was acquired by AppLovin Corporation, and became its
wholly-owned subsidiary, on May 19, 2020 (see Note 18). AppLovin Corporation
has committed to provide
the necessary financial support to the Company sufficient for it to satisfy
its obligations and debt service requirements, if any, as and when they are
due, through and including June 30, 2021.

Use of Estimates

The
preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and
liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements, and the
reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods.
Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in the consolidated
financial statements include, but
are not limited to, the estimated average playing periods of paying players
that the Company uses for revenue recognition, estimated fair value of
preferred stock, common stock, preferred and common stock warrants, stock
options and restricted stock
awards issued, useful lives of property and

F-151

equipment, internal-usesoftware development costs, estimated fair value of
licensed assets and obligations, accrued liabilities, capital lease
obligations, and deferred tax assets and valuation allowance related to
income taxes, as well as the fair value of debt instruments and embedded
derivatives. These estimates are based on information available as of the
date of the consolidated financial statements; therefore, actual results
could differ from management’s estimates. Foreign Currency The functional
currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are re-measuredinto
U.S. dollars from the local currency at exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet dates. Realized foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign
currency transactions are recorded in other income (expense), net, in the
consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2019, foreign currency net loss was $2.4 million and $1.1 million,
respectively. Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) is
equal to net income (loss) for all years presented. Concentrations of Credit
Risk and Significant Partners Financial instruments, which potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist primarily of
cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable, net. The Company places
its cash and cash equivalents primarily with major financial institutions in
the United States, which management assesses to be of high credit quality,
in order to limit the exposure of each investment. Distribution Partners
accounting for 10% or more of the Company’s accounts receivable, net were as
follows:
                                                
  December 31,              2018       2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Distribution Partner A      50  %      55  %  
  Distribution Partner B      39  %      35  %  
  Distribution Partner C      11  %      10  %  
                                                
Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all investments purchased
with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date
of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, within
cash and cash equivalents, the Company has restricted cash balances of $28.0
million and $13.1 million, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. These restricted cash balances are primarily cash deposits
to back letters of credit related to certain operating leases and capital
leases. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable, net, is unsecured and
primarily represents amounts due to the Company under contracts with
Distribution Partners and customers of the Company’s Digital Advertising
Services. In cases where the Company is aware of circumstances that may
impair a specific Distribution Partner or customer’s ability to meet its
financial obligations, the Company records a specific allowance as a
reduction to the accounts receivable balance. F-152

Property, Equipment, and Software Property, equipment and software, net, is
stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Computer
equipment and software includes assets acquired under capital lease
arrangements. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-
line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally two to
five years, as follows:
                                                                            
  Computer equipment and software      3 years                              
  Computer equipment and software      Shorter of lease term or expected    
  under                                useful life                          
  capital lease arrangements                                                
  Internal-use software development    2-3 years                            
  costs                                                                     
  Furniture and fixtures               5 years                              
  Leasehold improvements               Shorter of lease term or expected    
                                       useful life                          
                                                                            
Operating Lease obligations The Company leases office space under non-
cancelableoperating leases with various expiration dates through 2028.
Certain of the Company’s operating lease agreements contain tenant
improvement allowances from its landlords. These allowances are accounted
for as lease incentive obligations, and are amortized as reductions to rent
expense over the lease term. In addition, certain operating lease agreements
contain rent concessions, rent escalations and options to renew. Rent
concession and rent escalation provisions are considered in determining the
rent expense to be recorded over the lease term. The lease term begins on
the date the Company has the right to use the leased property and rent
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
The Company does not assume that its operating leases will be renewed at
lease inception. Capital Lease obligations The Company leases certain
equipment from various third parties through equipment financing leases
under capital leases. These leases either include a bargain purchase option,
a full transfer of ownership at the completion of the lease term, or the
terms of the leases are at least 75 percent of the useful lives of the
assets and are therefore classified as a capital leases. These leases are
capitalized in property, equipment and software, net, and the related
depreciation expenses under capital leases are included in depreciation and
amortization expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
Initial asset values and lease obligations are based on the lower of the
fair value or the present value of future minimum lease payments. See Note
12. Capital Lease Obligations. Internal-UseSoftware Development Costs Costs
related to internal-usesoftware development are accounted for in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 350-40, Intangibles—Internal-
UseSoftware, and are included in property, equipment and software, net, in
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company capitalizes costs
incurred to develop its internal-usesoftware relating to the games and
software applications during the application development stage, if it is
probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used as
intended. The application development stage occurs after management has
approved to fund the project. Costs incurred prior to meeting these
criteria, together with costs incurred for training and maintenance, are
expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful life of the internal-usesoftware (the period
for which the software is expected to contribute to future cash flows),
generally two to three years, beginning when the asset is ready for its
intended use. F-153

For internally developed software, interest cost is capitalized for the
period of time
it takes to develop the software for its intended use. During the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company capitalized $1.6 million and
$0.5 million of interest expense, respectively.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held
and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets.
If such assets are
considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by
the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value
of the assets. The Company recorded impairment charges of approximately $3.1
million and $0
for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

Goodwill

Goodwill is carried at cost and evaluated in the fourth quarter of the
Company’s fiscal year annually for impairment, or more
frequently if circumstances exist that indicate that impairment may exist.
When conducting the annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company
performs a quantitative evaluation of whether goodwill is impaired using the
two-step impairment test. The Company records the amount by which the
carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, if any, as
impairment expense in the consolidated statements of operations in each
reporting period. The Company performed its goodwill evaluation as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, and did not record any goodwill impairment.

Intangible Assets

Definite-lived intangible assets are carried at cost, less accumulated
amortization. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets, generally five years, and are assessed for potential impairment when
events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts might be
impaired. There was no
impairment of definite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2019.

Indefinite-lived intangible
assets other than goodwill are carried at cost and evaluated in the fourth
quarter of the Company’s fiscal year annually for impairment, or more
frequently if circumstances exist that indicate that impairment may exist.
The Company recorded
impairment charges of approximately $0 and $0.8 million for indefinite-lived
intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

License Assets and License Obligations

The Company licenses intellectual property from third parties for use of
their licensed content in the Company’s game. The licensing
agreements include license payments, which are due over the terms of the
agreements. When no significant performance obligation remains with the
licensor, the Company records these license payments as a license asset and
a license obligation at the
fair value on the contract date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The
amortization of the licensed asset commences when the licensed product is
launched and is recorded in depreciation and amortization on a straight-line
method over the
remaining license terms or estimated useful life of the licensed product,
whichever is shorter. The classification of the license obligations between
current and long-term is based on the expected timing of the payments to the
licensor.

To evaluate the future recoverability of a license asset, the Company
considers the terms of the agreements, game development plans,
forecasted and actual financial performance of the game, as

F-154

well as, other qualitative factors, such as, the success of similar games
and similar genres launched by the Company or competitors. If the licensed
asset is considered impaired, the impairment charge to be recognized is
measured by the amount that the carrying amount of the license asset exceeds
the fair value of the asset. Any impairment charge determined before the
launch of a game is expensed to research and development, while any
impairment charge determined post-launch is expensed to cost of revenue in
the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not
record any impairment charge for the license assets for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019. See Note 7. License Assets and License
Obligations. Treasury Stock The Company records treasury stock activities
under the cost method whereby the cost of the acquired stock is recorded as
treasury stock. The policy over the formal retirement of treasury stock is
to deduct the par value from common stock and to reflect the excess of cost
over par value, if any, as a deduction from additional paid-incapital (to
the extent created by previous issuances of the shares) and thereafter from
retained earnings. Revenue Recognition The Company derives revenue
principally from the sale of in-gamevirtual goods within the Company’s
mobile games available for purchase in-appthrough its Distribution Partners.
In 2018, the Company derived a small portion of its revenue from its Digital
Advertising Services. As of December 31, 2018, the Company ceased providing
Digital Advertising Services. On January 1, 2019, the Company adopted the
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers(“ASC 606”) and its related amendments using the modified
retrospective method. Refer to the Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
section below for the impact of the adoption on the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company determines
revenue recognition through the following steps:
                                                                       
  •    Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer.  
                                                                       
                                                                       
  •    Identification of the performance obligations in the contract.  
                                                                       
                                                
  •    Determination of the transaction price.  
                                                
                                                                            
  •    Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations   
       in the contract.                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies            
       performance obligations.                                             
                                                                            
Revenue is recorded net of the sales tax collected by the Company’s
Distribution Partners from the paying-players. Mobile Games The Company
develops and offers mobile games that allow players to download and play the
game for free on their mobile devices. The Company’s games are distributed
through its Distribution Partners. Players have the option of making in-
gamepurchases to enhance their game-playing experience. All in-gamepurchases
are made through the Distribution Partners who process the payment
transaction on the Company’s behalf. The Distribution Partners process all
in-gamepurchases, deduct their platform fees and then remit the remainder to
the Company. Players are required to accept the terms of use for the
Company’s games prior to making any in-gamepurchases. Payment is required at
time of purchase and the purchase price is fixed at the time F-155

of purchase. Once a player makes a purchase in-game, the purchased virtual
goods are available in the player’s account for use in future game play.

The Company’s performance obligations to the paying players are to host the
game play and continue to provide access to the
purchased virtual goods within the game. These obligations are considered as
a single combined performance obligation because they are not distinct and
the purchased virtual goods are only accessible in the mobile game in which
each purchase is
made.

The Company’s performance obligation is satisfied over time as the virtual
goods are used throughout the gameplay,
beginning with the first purchase of the virtual goods by a player. When the
virtual goods are sold, the Company makes the virtual goods available in the
players’ accounts which are used in the games over time. As a result, the
proceeds from
the sale of virtual goods are initially recorded in deferred revenue. The
Company categorizes the virtual goods as durable because while they reside
in the player’s inventory upon purchase, they are used by the player over an
extended period of
playing time. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of virtual goods
ratably over the estimated average playing period (“EAPP”) of paying
players, which represents the Company’s best estimate of the average playing
life of
paying players for the applicable game. The EAPP of players begins when a
player makes a first purchase (i.e. becomes a “paying player”), and ends
when a player is determined to be inactive.

The Company determines the EAPP on a game-by-game basis.
For a newly-launched game that has limited playing data, the Company
determines its EAPP based on the EAPP of a game that has sufficiently
similar characteristics. The quarterly calculated EAPP was applied to all
bookings in the respective quarter.

Determining the EAPP is inherently subjective and is subject to revision
regularly based on historical playing patterns and other
applicable factors. Future player playing patterns may differ from
historical ones, and therefore, the EAPP may change in the future. The EAPPs
are generally between six and nine months.

The Company recognizes game revenue based on the gross amount paid by the
player because the Company is the principal and has the
contractual right to determine the price to be paid by the player. The
Distribution Partners’ service charges are recorded as cost of revenue as
incurred.

Digital Advertising Services

Beginning in March 2017, the Company entered into Digital Advertising
Services agreements with a number of third parties. The agreements
generally describe the campaign objectives, the agreed upon fee for the
media spend and a fixed period of time for delivery of the advertising
services. Either party could cancel the arrangements after a written notice.
However, the customers are
generally responsible for paying the Company for the media spend incurred
and fees earned through the date of termination. As of December 31, 2018,
the Company had ceased to provide the services. The adoption of ASC 606 had
no impact on revenue
recognized for Digital Advertising Services in 2018.

Customers were typically billed on a monthly basis for digital advertising
campaigns delivered during the prior month. The Company determined
collectability by performing ongoing credit evaluations and monitoring its
customers’ accounts receivable balances. For new customers, the Company
performed a credit check with
an independent credit agency and checked credit references to determine
creditworthiness. The Company recognizes revenue when amounts are not
probable of reversal.

The determination of whether revenue from the Digital Advertising Services
should be reported on a gross or net basis is based on an
assessment of whether the Company is acting as the principal or

F-156

as an agent in the transaction. In determining whether the Company acts as
the principal or as an agent, the Company follows the accounting guidance
for principal-agent considerations. While none
of the factors identified in this guidance is individually considered
presumptive or determinative, the Company has concluded that it acts as a
principal with respect to these arrangements because the Company is the
primary obligor and is
responsible for (i) fulfilling the advertisement delivery, (ii) establishing
the selling prices for delivery of the digital advertisements, (iii)
selecting the media to fulfill the digital advertising campaigns, (iv)
performing
campaign set-up, campaign management, billing and collection activities
including retaining credit risk, and (v) has discretion in selecting media
vendors when fulfilling a customer’s campaign. Based
on this conclusion, the Company reports revenue earned and costs incurred
with respect to this service on a gross basis.

Cost of Revenue

Mobile Games

Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses incurred to generate revenue
from the Company’s games. This includes platform service
charges from the Company’s Distribution Partners, data center expenditures
related to operating the games, consulting costs related to customer support
services, salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expenses and facility
costs
associated with the Company’s customer support and infrastructure teams.
Additionally, the cost of revenue includes amortization of license asset
cost, which is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the
consolidated statements of
operations. See License Assets and License Obligations, above.

Digital Advertising Services

Cost of revenue consists of media spend and personnel expenses. Media spend
is digital advertisements that the Company purchases from
advertising exchanges or publishers for customer’s campaign and is expensed
as incurred. Personnel expenses include salaries, bonuses, benefits and
stock-based compensation costs associated with those personnel who are
directly involved in the
digital advertising management service including managing customers’
campaigns, purchasing digital advertisements and providing customer support.

Deferred Revenue and Deferred Cost of Revenue

Deferred revenue represents in-game virtual goods that have been purchased
by players, but for
which performance obligation has not yet been satisfied. Deferred revenue
expected to be realized within one year are included in current liabilities
and the remaining deferred revenue, if any, are included in noncurrent
liabilities. The Company
does not have noncurrent deferred revenue at December 31, 2018 and 2019.

Prior to the adoption of ASC 606, deferred cost of
revenue consists primarily of platform service charges from the Distribution
Partners and was recognized as cost of revenue over the same period as that
which the respective deferred revenue is recognized. Upon adoption of ASC
606 on January 1,
2019, the platform service charges are expensed as incurred and the deferred
platform service charges of $38.9 million as of January 1, 2019 after tax
were recorded as a debit to accumulated deficit. Refer to the Recently
Adopted
Accounting Standards section below for the impact of adoption on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements.

During the
year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized approximately $128.0
million of revenue pertaining to amounts that were deferred as of December
31, 2018.

F-157

Remaining performance obligations All of the Company’s remaining performance
obligations have an original expected length of less than one year. Research
and Development Expenses The Company’s research and development expenses
primarily consist of salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation cost
for its engineers and developers, except for certain internal-usesoftware
development costs, which may be capitalized as noted above. Impairment of
internal-usesoftware development costs are recorded in research and
development expense. See Note 5. Property, Equipment and Software.In
addition, research and development expenses include outside services and
consulting, as well as associated overhead costs. Research and development
costs that are directly attributable to the planning, conceptual design and
testing of the Company’s games are recognized as an expense as incurred.
Sales and Marketing Expenses Sales and marketing expenses primarily
represent direct advertising and acquisition marketing expenses incurred to
expand the number of active players. Such costs are expensed as incurred,
except for production costs for advertisements. Production costs for
advertisements are initially deferred as prepaid assets and expensed when
the advertisement has been run. Direct advertising and user acquisition
marketing expenses for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were
$129.0 million and $86.5 million, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation
Stock Options The Company applies the provisions of ASC 718, Stock
Compensation, with respect to options granted to employees. ASC 718 requires
companies to estimate the fair value of stock-based compensation awards on
the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the award that
is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense, generally using
the straight-line method over the requisite service period of four years, in
the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. No compensation cost is
recorded for options that do not vest. The Company uses the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model as the method for determining the estimated fair value
of stock options. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of highly
subjective and complex assumptions, which determine the fair value of stock-
based awards, including the fair value of the Company’s common stock, the
expected term, the price volatility of the underlying stock, dividend yield
and risk-free interest rate. The Company’s assumptions used in determining
the fair value for grants during the year are as follows:
                                                                  
                                         2018               2019  
  Expected terms (in years)       0.00 - 6.07        0.11 - 6.03  
  Expected volatility          8.28% - 48.25%    35.00% - 42.98%  
  Expected dividend yield                   —                  —  
  Risk-free interest rate       1.31% - 3.07%      1.64% - 2.61%  
                                                                  
F-158

Expected Term—The Company’s expected term represents the period of
time that the Company’s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding
and is determined using the simplified method described in the Staff
Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 107, as amended by SAB No. 110, Share-Based
Payment.

Expected Volatility—Expected volatility is estimated using comparable public
company volatility for similar expected
term.

Expected Dividend—The Black-Scholes valuation model calls for a single
expected dividend yield as an input, and
the Company has never paid dividends and has no plans to pay dividends.

Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest
rate used in the Black-Scholes valuation model is based on the U.S. Treasury
zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding
with the expected term of the option.

Estimated Forfeitures—The Company uses an annual estimated forfeiture rate
based on the Company’s actual historical
forfeitures.

The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to nonemployees in
accordance with the provisions of ASC 718,
Stock Compensation, and ASC 505, Equity. ASC 718 and ASC 505 require the use
of option valuation models to measure the fair value of the options at the
measurement date. The fair value of the equity instrument is re-measured as
the equity instrument vests or at reporting date if the equity instrument is
outstanding, and the resulting change in value, if any, is recognized in the
consolidated statements of operations during
the period the service is rendered.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability
approach, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the financial statements. Under this approach, the Company
determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the
differences between the financial
statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax
rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and
liabilities is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date.

The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more
likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Company
considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future
taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations.
If the Company determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax
assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment
to the
deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision
for income taxes.

The Company records uncertain tax
positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in
which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than not that
the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the
technical merits of the position; and, (2) for those tax positions that meet
the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the
largest amount of tax benefit that is more than
50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related
tax authority.

The Company recognizes interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on interest expense and the
general and administrative expense, respectively, in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are
included on the related
liability lines in the consolidated balance sheets.

F-159

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Revenue Recognition In May 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued new guidance on revenue
from contracts with customers. The new standard provides principle for
recognizing revenue when control of promised goods or services is
transferred to customers with the expected consideration in exchange for
those goods or services, as well as guidance on the recognition of costs
related to obtaining and fulfilling customer contracts. The standard also
requires expanded disclosures about the nature, amount, timing, and
uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets
recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The Company
adopted the standard on January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective
method, which was applied to customer contracts that were not completed as
of January 1, 2019. The Company’s results of operations beginning after
January 1, 2019 are presented in accordance with ASC 606, while prior
periods continue to be reported in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue
Recognition. The most significant impact of adopting the new revenue
standard was to record the platform service charges as costs of revenue in
the period incurred. Although the platform service charges are incremental
in nature, these charges are not costs incurred solely in the Company’s
effort to obtain the contract and there are no sales or marketing efforts
made by the platform providers. As platform service charges do not clearly
meet the criteria for capitalization as either incremental costs of
obtaining a contract or fulfillment costs, such charges are expensed as
incurred. As a result of adopting the new revenue standard, the following
adjustments were made to the Company’s consolidated balance sheet at January
1, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Consolida…                                                                
  Balance             December                               January        
  Sheets              31, 2018          Adjustments          1,2019         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $       38,884       $  (38,884      )    $  —              
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…          (961,224  )       (38,884      )       (1,000,108  )  
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2019
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                                             Amount                         
  Consolida…                                without             Changes     
  Statements                            adoption of              due to     
  of                 Amount as                  ASC            adoption     
  Operations          reported                  606          of ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of       $      161,023       $      169,360       $      (8,337  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  costs and            473,868              482,205              (8,337  )  
  expenses                                                                  
  Loss from            (73,568  )           (81,905  )            8,337     
  operations                                                                
  Loss                                                                      
  before              (235,421  )          (243,758  )            8,337     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss            (236,094  )          (244,431  )            8,337     
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                             Amount                         
                                            without             Changes     
  Consolida…                            adoption of              due to     
  Balance          Amount as                    ASC            adoption     
  Sheets           reported                     606          of ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $  —                 $       30,548       $     (30,548  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…       (936,872     )          (945,209  )            8,337     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
F-160

Statement of Cash Flows

In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance, which provides clarification
for the classification of certain cash receipts and payments
for eight cash flow topics, thereby reducing current and potential future
diversity in practice. In November 2016, the FASB issued additional cash
flow guidance, which requires amounts generally described as restricted cash
and restricted cash
equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the
beginning-of-period and
end-of-period total amounts shown in the statement of cash flows. The
Company adopted these standards on January 1, 2019 on a retrospectively
basis. The adoption of
the standard did not have a material impact on our statement of cash flows.

Stock-Based Compensation

In June 2018, the FASB issued new guidance to simplify and improve the
accounting for nonemployee share-based payments. Currently, the
accounting requirements for nonemployee and employee share-based payment
transactions are significantly different. This standard expands the scope of
Topic 718 to include share-based payments issued to nonemployees for goods
or services,
aligning the accounting for share-based payments to nonemployees and
employees. This standard is effective for the Company’s fiscal year
beginning January 1, 2020 and early adoption is permitted. The Company early
adopted this new standard
effective January 1, 2019, and the adoption of this standard did not have
impact on the consolidated financial statements.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

Leases

In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on lease accounting. Among
its provision, the standard requires lessees to recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheets for operating leases and
also requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about
lease
arrangements. This new guidance will be effective for its fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance
on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures.

Fair Value Measurements

In August 2018, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update which
eliminates, adds and modifies certain disclosure requirements for
fair value measurements. The update eliminates the requirement to disclose
the amount of and reasons for transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy, and introduces a requirement to disclose the range and
weighted
average used to develop significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair
value measurements. This guidance will be effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2019. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Income Tax

In December 2019,
the FASB issued guidance that simplifies the accounting for incomes taxes by
removing certain exceptions to the general principles in ASC 740, Income
taxes, and amending existing guidance to improve consistent application. For
private
entities, the new guidance will be effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2021. Most amendments within this standard are required
to be applied on a prospective basis, while certain amendments must be
applied on a
retrospective or modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new
accounting guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures.

F-161

3. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2018
and 2019, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                 
                              2018         2019  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash                  $   60,565    $  44,353  
  Restricted cash           28,000       13,057  
  Money market funds        30,126       34,349  
  Total                 $  118,691    $  91,759  
                                                 
4. Fair Value Measurements ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, which defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in U.S. GAAP,
and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This codification
applies under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair
value measurements. ASC 820 clarifies that fair value is an exit price,
representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.
As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined
based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, ASC 820
establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs, such as
quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets, or
liabilities. Level 2—Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either
directly or indirectly. Level 3—Unobservable inputs in which there is little
or no market data, which requires the Company to develop its own assumptions
about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models,
discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques. The carrying amounts of
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net, prepaid expenses,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the
short-term nature of these items. Based on the borrowing rates currently
available to the Company for loans payable with similar terms, the carrying
value of the term loans payable and license obligations approximate their
fair value. The following table summarizes the Company’s financial
instruments’ classification within the fair value hierarchy as of December
31, 2018 as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   28,000    $  —          $        —    $  28,000  
  Money market             30,126       —                   —       30,126  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   58,126    $  —          $        —    $  58,126  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $      773    $     773  
  liabilities                                                               
  Total                $        —    $  —          $      773    $     773  
                                                                            
F-162

The following table summarizes the Company’s financial instruments’
classification within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2019 as
follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $        —    $  13,057  
  Money market             34,349       —                   —       34,349  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   47,406    $  —          $        —    $  47,406  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
  liabilities                                                               
  Total                $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
                                                                            
Level 1 investments consist solely of money market funds, included in cash
and cash equivalents, valued at amortized cost that approximates fair value.
Level 3 instruments consist of preferred and common stock warrant
liabilities (the “stock warrant liabilities”) in which the fair value was
measured upon issuance and is re-measuredat each reporting date. Inputs used
to determine the fair value of the stock warrant liabilities as of the
valuation date include the remaining contractual term of the warrants, the
risk-free interest rate and volatility of the comparable public companies
over the remaining term, and the estimated fair value of the Company’s
underlying common stock. The significant unobservable inputs used in the
fair value measurement of the stock warrant liabilities include the
estimated fair value of the underlying common stock and the estimated term
of the warrants. Generally, increases (decreases) in the fair value of the
underlying common stock and estimated term would result in a directionally
similar impact on the fair value measurement of the stock warrant
liabilities. See Note 13— Stock Warrants. A reconciliation of the stock
warrant liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
is as follows (in thousands):
                                                         
  Fair value—December 31, 2017             $   2,301     
  Change in fair value of stock warrant       (1,528  )  
  liabilities                                            
  Fair value—December 31, 2018             $     773     
  Change in fair value of stock warrant          957     
  liabilities                                            
  Fair value—December 31, 2019             $   1,730     
                                                         
The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in connection with the
issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 and are carried at fair value in
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. For determination of the derivative
liabilities and fair value changes for the year ended December 31, 2019,
please see Note 10. Convertible Promissory Notesand Note 11. Derivative
Liabilities. F-163

5. Property, Equipment and Software Property, equipment and software, net,
at December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                 2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment and software         $   163,695       $   161,463     
  Internal use software development            25,475            33,183     
  costs                                                                     
  Furniture and fixtures                        4,560             4,298     
  Leasehold improvements                       47,541            47,489     
  Total property, equipment and               241,271           246,433     
  software                                                                  
  Less: accumulated depreciation and         (147,729  )       (181,732  )  
  amortization                                                              
  Add: construction in progress                   260                 —     
  Property, equipment and software,       $    93,802       $    64,701     
  net                                                                       
                                                                            
Depreciation and amortization expense on property, equipment and software,
including equipment and software acquired under capital lease arrangements
and internal-use software development costs, for the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2019, was $60.9 million and $38.6 million, respectively. The
Company capitalized internal-use software development costs of $10.0 million
and $7.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively, and recognized amortization expense of $3.6 million and $5.6
million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. For
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company recorded $3.1
million and $0, respectively, of impairment charge related to internal use
software development costs. The Company entered into various capital lease
agreements with equipment lessors to acquire data center equipment and
software. Each lease is secured by the underlying leased assets. Equipment
and software acquired under the capital leases is depreciated over the
shorter of the lease terms, generally three years, or their estimated useful
life, which generally is also three years. The assets under the capital
lease arrangements are included in computer equipment and software in the
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2019 as follows (in
thousands):
                                                                           
                                                 2018             2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Equipment and software acquired under    $   95,536       $   67,223     
  capital lease                                                            
  Less: accumulated depreciation and          (63,016  )       (58,000  )  
  amortization                                                             
  Equipment and software acquired under    $   32,520       $    9,223     
  capital lease, net                                                       
                                                                           
Depreciation expense relating to assets acquired under capital leases was
$47.4 million and $23.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively. See Note 12. Capital Lease Obligations. 6. Intangible
Assets The following table presents the activity of intangible assets, net,
for the year ended December 31, 2018 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                       Gross Carrying       Accumulated           Net Book  
                                Value       Amortization             Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Existing          $             540    $  (423          )    $       117  
  technology                                                                
  Acquired                        376       (295          )             81  
  technology                                                                
  Domain Name                   3,068       —                        3,068  
                    $           3,984    $  (718          )    $     3,266  
                                                                            
F-164

The following table presents the activity of intangible assets, net, for the
year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                   Gross                                               Net  
                Carrying       Accumul…                               Book  
                   Value       Amortiz…          Impairm…            Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Existi…    $       540    $  (540      )    $  —              $        —  
  techno…                                                                   
  Acquir…            376       (376      )       —                       —  
  techno…                                                                   
  Domain           3,068       —                 (798      )         2,270  
  Name                                                                      
             $     3,984    $  (916      )    $  (798      )    $    2,270  
                                                                            
Amortization expense on the intangible assets was $0.2 million for each of
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019. There was no impairment recorded
in 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recorded an
impairment charge of approximately $0.8 million. 7. License Assets and
License Obligations In October 2016, the Company entered into a license
agreement with a third party (“Licensor”), whereby the Company will receive
a license to use the Licensor’s content in the Company’s game over a four-
year initial term with an option to renew the license for up to three
additional two-yearterms. The fixed license payments over the initial term
for the license total 10.0 billion Japanese Yen which are being paid over
the contract term. The license agreement also includes annual royalties of
10% of the net profit derived from the Company’s game containing the
Licensor’s content, up to 1.0 billion Japanese Yen. As no significant
performance obligations remain with the Licensor for these payments, the
Company recorded the fixed license payments as license assets and license
obligations at their fair value on the contract date, based on a discounted
cash flow model. Over the initial term of the license agreement, the Company
records imputed interest on the license obligations up to the payment dates
with related interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company also records foreign currency gains or losses in other income,
net, in the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company recorded an unrealized foreign
currency loss of $1.1 million and $1.6 million, respectively, realized
foreign currency gain of $0 million and $0.8 million, respectively, and
interest expense of $2.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively. In August
2018, the Company entered into an amendment to the licensed agreement with
its Licensor. In accordance with the amendment, the term of the license
agreement is extended through December 2021 with the option to renew for
additional terms by mutual agreement of the parties. Additionally, the
timing of the remaining fixed license payments are extended through October
2021. The amortization of the license assets commenced when the licensed
product was launched in 2017 and was recorded on a straight-line basis over
the shorter of the remaining license term or estimated useful life of the
licensed product. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, $21.0
million and $17.6 million, respectively, were recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations. The expected future amortization expense of
license assets as of December 31, 2019 is as follows (in thousands):
                                          
  Years Ending December 31,               
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                         $  17,681  
  2021                            17,633  
  Total                        $  35,314  
                                          
F-165

The following table summarizes the future license payments for the Company’s
license obligations at December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                           
  Years Ending December 31,                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                      $   18,416     
  2021                                          18,416     
  Total license payments                        36,832     
  Less:                                                    
  Imputed interest                              (1,150  )  
  Current portion of license obligations       (17,628  )  
  License obligations, long-term            $   18,054     
                                                           
8. Accrued and Other Current Liabilities Accrued current liabilities at
December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                
                             2018         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Payroll related       $  21,625    $  23,551  
  Marketing expenses        6,170        4,594  
  Other                       991          566  
  Legal fees                  303          314  
  Media spend                   2            —  
  Total                 $  29,091    $  29,025  
                                                
Other current liabilities at December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                 
                                              2018         2019  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Other taxes payable                    $  12,382    $  12,772  
  Office lease : cease-use obligation        3,253       13,769  
  Other                                      4,910        3,126  
  Total                                  $  20,545    $  29,667  
                                                                 
9. Debt Loan Facilities In June 2013, the Company entered into an accounts
receivable loan agreement (the “Accounts Receivable Loan I”) with its bank
for a revolving line of credit not to exceed the lesser of (i) $5.0 million
or (ii) the amount equal to 80% of eligible accounts receivable. The
interest rate was fixed at 5.00%, and interest only payments were due each
month following June 2013, with all principal due on June 21, 2014. The
Company had certain covenants, including the submission of annual audited
consolidated financial statements and was required to maintain $2.0 million
of restricted cash balance with the bank at all times. The Accounts
Receivable Loan I continues to be secured by the cash, cash equivalents and
accounts receivable of the Company with a secondary security interest on the
remaining assets of the Company. In connection with the Accounts Receivable
Loan I, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 616,900 shares of the
Company’s Series B convertible preferred stock at $0.081049 per share. See
Note 13. Stock Warrants. In October 2013, the Company increased the
revolving line of credit under the Accounts Receivable Loan I agreement with
the bank to a total of $10.0 million. Covenants remained similar to F-166

the agreement dated June 2013, with an increased requirement to maintain
$2.5 million of restricted cash balance with the bank at all times. The
interest rate remained fixed at 5.00%, and
interest only payments were due each month following October 2013, with all
principal due on June 21, 2014. In connection with the Accounts Receivable
Loan I, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 740,300 shares of the
Company’s
Series B convertible preferred stock at $0.081049 per share. See Note 13.
Stock Warrants.

From time to time subsequent to
October 2013, the Company has entered into amendments of the Accounts
Receivable Loan I to align its terms with the Company’s operations.

In February 2018, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement to the Accounts Receivable Loan I
with the bank on similar terms and conditions to the Second Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement, however, the maturity date of the
Accounts Receivable Loan I was extended from February 26, 2018 to July 31,
2020.

The Accounts Receivable Loan I contains various covenants. In June 2018, the
Company entered into discussion with its lender to amend
the covenants to take into account the Company’s intention to streamline its
business operations. In August 2018, the Company entered into an agreement
to amend the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement to amend
certain
financial covenants, and to waive the existing covenants through the date of
the amendment to allow for the Company to streamline its operations. In
accordance with the amendment, the bank also reduced the revolving line of
credit under the Accounts
Receivable Loan I to $30.0 million if certain conditions were met.

In March 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to
establish the 2019 financial covenants and eliminate one of its financial
covenants and address changes to its subsidiaries. In June and July 2019,
the Company entered into amendments to revise the measurement date of
certain covenants and modify
and/or eliminate certain of its other financial covenants.

As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the outstanding borrowing under
this loan facility was $22.3 million and $11.6 million, respectively. The
interest rate were 6.00% and 5.25% for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively.

Additional Loan Facility

In May 2015, the Company entered into an additional loan facility (the “Loan
II”) with a financial institution. The Loan II
permits borrowings of up to $100.0 million and is secured by all property of
the Company, except intellectual property. The Loan II bears an annual rate
of interest equal to the greater of either (i) the prime rate as reported in
The Wall
Street Journal, plus 2.50% or (ii) 6.75%. The Loan II also carries a
contractual payment-in-kind (“PIK”) interest rate of 3.00%. The increases in
the loan
payable balance as a result of contractual PIK arrangement were included in
the consolidated statements of operations for the periods in which such PIK
interest was accrued. Interest only payments are due each month beginning
June 2015 through April
2018. The principal and any accrued but unpaid interest is due in May 2018.

The Company incurred fees and legal expenses totaling
$0.3 million in connection with the Loan II, which had initially been
recorded as a deferred financing asset on the consolidated balance sheets
and amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the Loan
II until July 2016, at
which time, the remaining balance was reclassified as part of the debt
discount in accordance with the debt issuance costs accounting standard
adopted by the Company in 2016. The Company also paid $0.5 million in fees
to the financial
institution upon origination of the Loan II and was also reflected as a debt
discount. The debt discount is amortized over the term of the Loan II.

F-167

In connection with the Loan II, the Company issued warrants to allow the
financial
institution to receive a total of 1,552,790 shares of common stock upon the
exercise of the warrants. The aggregate estimated fair value of the warrants
upon issuance was $2.2 million. The Company recorded the fair value of the
warrants at
issuance as a debt discount and as other long-term liability. The debt
discount associated with the warrants is amortized using the effective
interest method as additional interest expense over the term of the Loan II.
See Note 13. Stock Warrants.

In February 2018, the Company paid the loan facility in its entirety. During
the year ended December 31, 2018,
the Company recorded $2.4 million of interest expenses related to the Loan
II.

Debt Financing

In February 2018, the Company entered into a financing agreement (“Financing
Agreement”) with a financial institution for a
principal amount of $200.0 million. In connection with the Financing
Agreement, the Company entered into a pledge and security agreement with
this financial institution, whereby subject to the lien interests of the
Accounts Receivable Loan I,
the Company granted the financial institution a continuing security interest
in all of the Company’s assets. In February 2018, the Company used $108.7
million under the Financing Agreement to repay the Loan II in its entirety.
Additionally, the Company incurred $3.6 million of debt discount, including
the warrant issuance described below, and $7.3 million of financing fees.
The Financing Agreement has various financial covenant requirements, as well
as the
submission of annual audited financials. The Financing Agreement is secured
by all property of the Company with the exception of a secondary security
interest on the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable.

The Financing Agreement bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the
Eurodollar Rate plus an applicable margin rate of 8.50%.
Interest only monthly payments are due in arrears, and the principal, and
all accrued but unpaid interest is due on February 1, 2021.

In connection with the Financing Agreement, the Company issued warrants to
the financial institution to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares
of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price per share equal to
$0.00001 with a term that is ten years from the date of issuance. The shares
vest in two tranches: 1,000,000 shares vest on February 2, 2018 and
1,000,000 shares will
vest on December 31, 2018 if certain conditions are met. As of December 31,
2018, all the shares under the warrants were fully vested.

The Financing Agreement contains various covenants. In June 2018, the
Company entered into discussions with its lender to amend the
covenants to take into account the Company’s intention to streamline its
business operations. In August 2018, the Company entered into an agreement
to amend the Financing Agreement to amend certain financial and
non-financial covenants and to waive the original covenants through the date
of the amendment to allow for the Company’s streamlined operations. The
amendment was accounted for as an early debt
extinguishment. As part of the debt extinguishment, the Company expensed
$9.8 million of the unamortized debt discount. The Company also incurred
$2.0 million debt issuance cost which was expensed immediately.
Additionally, the Company
incurred approximately $0.2 million of financing fees that is accounted for
as a debt discount against the new debt. The charges associated with the
early debt extinguishment outlined above have been recorded in other income
(expense), net.

In accordance with the amendment, the interest rate per annum is amended to
the Eurodollar Rate, plus an applicable margin rate of
13.50%, on and after July 1, 2018, of which 3.00% is accounted for as
payment-in-kind interest (“PIK”). Interest only monthly payments are due in
arrears,
and the principal, PIK and all accrued but unpaid interest is due on
February 1, 2021.

F-168

In March 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to establish the 2019
financial
covenants and eliminate one of its financial covenants and address changes
to its subsidiaries. In June and July 2019, the Company entered into
amendments to revise the measurement date of certain covenants and modify
and/or eliminate certain of its
other financial covenants. Under the terms of the Financing Agreement, the
Company is required to maintain minimum liquidity of $30 million through
June 2020, $40 million in July 2020 and then $60 million for the remaining
term of the
Financing Agreement (February 2021).

At December 31, 2018 and 2019, the interest rate was 15.85% and 15.20%,
respectively.

10. Convertible Promissory Notes

On
July 12, 2019 (the “Effective Date”), the Company entered into a convertible
promissory note purchase agreement with certain investors of the Company
(the “NPA”) whereby each investor agreed to purchase a note from the
Company (each, a “Convertible Note” and collectively, the “Convertible
Notes”) for an aggregate principal amount of $142.9 million. Of the $142.9
million, $100.0 million was new capital received by the Company. The
remaining $42.9 million in Convertible Notes were issued upon conversion of
Series C Preferred Shares and Series D Preferred Shares held by the
Convertible Notes investors. In total, 1,318,694 shares of Series C
Preferred shares converted into
Convertible Notes and 10,183,313 shares of Series D Preferred shares
converted into Convertible Notes (See Note 15. Stockholders’ Deficit).

The Convertible Notes bear interest of 10% per annum and mature on the
second anniversary of the Effective Date. The Convertible Notes
may, at the election of a noteholder, be converted if the Company
consummates a qualified financing or qualified initial public offering (each
a “Conversion Event”) prior to maturity. In the event of a qualified
financing each Convertible
Note may be converted into the most senior series of preferred stock issued
in such qualified financing. In the event of a qualified initial public
offering, each Convertible Note may be converted into common stock. Any such
conversion upon a
Conversion event shall be at the conversion price stipulated in the
Convertible Notes. If a Conversion Event occurs and the holder of a
Convertible Note elects not to convert (a “Non-Conversion
Event”), such Convertible Note shall bear interest at the then-current 5
year U.S. Treasury rate plus 2% and mature on the fifth anniversary of the
Effective Date. Where a Non-Conversion Event occurs, the
Company must redeem the Convertible Note(s) at 100% of the outstanding
balance at maturity.

If a Conversion Event has not occurred
and the Company consummates a sale of the Company prior to the maturity
date, each Convertible Note may, at the election of the noteholder be
converted into the most senior series of preferred in issue at the time of
or to be issued immediately
prior to the sale at the conversion price stipulated in the Convertible
Notes. If a Conversion Event has not occurred and the Company consummates an
initial public offering that is not a qualified initial public offering,
each Convertible Note may,
at the election of the noteholder, be converted into common stock at the
conversion price stipulated in the Convertible Notes. Where a note holder
elects not to convert in the event of a sale of the Company or an initial
public offering that is not
a qualified initial public offering, the Company must redeem 200% of the
outstanding balance upon such sale of or initial public offering.

Where no Conversion Event, Non-Conversion Event, sale of the Company, or
initial public offering
that is not a qualified initial public offering has occurred at maturity,
the holders elect to convert the outstanding balance, in whole or in part
the most senior series of preferred stock in issue upon maturity. Where a
noteholder elects not to so
convert at maturity, the Company must redeem 300% of the outstanding balance
upon maturity. The Company also has to accelerate and redeem the Convertible
Note at 100% of the outstanding balance upon an event of default.

F-169

In accounting for the Convertible Notes issued on July 12, 2019, the Company
has evaluated the Convertible Notes for terms and conditions that would be
considered to be features of embedded derivatives. Certain conversion and
redemption features are not clearly and closely associated with the risk of
the debt-type host instrument and are required to be separately accounted
for as derivative financial instruments when certain conditions are met. The
Company bifurcated these embedded conversion and redemption (“embedded
derivatives) features from the Convertible Notes and classified these
embedded derivatives as liabilities measured at fair value (See Note 11.
Derivative Liabilities). The carrying amount of the Convertible Notes was
determined by deducting the fair value of the embedded derivatives from the
sum of cash received and fair value of the Series C and D shares converted.
The Convertible Notes include a beneficial conversion feature (“BCF”) of
$297.1 million equal to the intrinsic value of the option to convert into
the Series D preferred shares at maturity. The intrinsic value of the BCF
was $165.0 million greater than the proceeds of $132.1 million allocated to
the Convertible Notes, the amount of the discount assigned to the BCF shall
be limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated to the convertible
instrument. The BCF of $132.1 million was bifurcated and separately
accounted for in additional paid-incapital. As the initial carrying amount
of the Convertible Notes was zero due to the BCF, the debt discount of the
Convertible Notes is amortized under the straight-line method over the terms
of the Convertible Notes. As all proceeds from the Convertible Notes were
allocated to the BCF, the embedded derivative liabilities were recorded at
fair value through recognition of interest expense in the consolidated
statements of operations at inception. The convertible notes are recorded as
part of the Loans Payable, Long-term. The following table sets forth the
components of the Convertible Notes as of July 12, 2019 and December 31,
2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                               July 12, 2019          December 31, 2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Principal                 $        142,857       $            142,857     
  300% settlement amount                                                    
  in excess of                                                              
  principal and                      345,714                    345,714     
  paid-in-kind interest                                                     
  at                                                                        
  maturity                                                                  
  Unamortized debt                  (488,571  )                (374,308  )  
  discount                                                                  
  Net carrying amount       $              —       $            114,263     
  Embedded derivatives      $          9,997       $                  —     
                                                                            
The following table sets forth interest expense recognized in the
consolidated statement of operations related to the Convertible Notes as of
July 12, 2019 and for the year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                        For the Year Ended  
                                    July 12, 2019        December 31, 2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Embedded derivatives fair      $          9,997    $               9,997  
  value                                                                     
  Debt issuance costs                       2,009                    2,009  
  Contractual interest                          —                    6,733  
  expense                                                                   
  Amortization of debt                          —                  114,263  
  discount                                                                  
  Total interest expense         $         12,006    $             133,002  
  recognized                                                                
                                                                            
F-170

11. Derivative Liabilities The Company’s derivative liabilities originated
in connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 and are
carried at fair value (see Note 10. Convertible Promissory Notes). The
changes in the fair value of the derivative liabilities are recorded in
other income of the consolidated statements of operations. The following
table summarizes the changes in fair value of the derivative liabilities for
the year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                             December 31, 2019     
  Beginning balance—December 31, 2018                        —     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Derivative liabilities in connection                   9,997     
  with Convertible Notes (Note 10)                                 
  Changes in fair value                                 (9,997  )  
  Ending balance—December 31, 2019        $                  —     
                                                                   
Estimating fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the
development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely
to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in
internal and external market factors. Since derivative financial instruments
are initially and subsequently carried at fair value, the Company’s income
will reflect the volatility in these estimate and assumption changes. The
features embedded in the Convertible Notes are combined into one compound
embedded derivative and its fair value is calculated as the difference
between the fair value of the Convertible Notes with embedded derivative and
the fair value of the Convertible Notes without embedded derivative using an
analysis based on discounted cash flows. The analysis simulates multiple
outcomes over the period to maturity using multiple assumption inputs for
the expected period to financing or maturity. The Company’s assumptions used
in determining the fair value of derivative liabilities as of July 12, 2019
and December 31, 2019 are as follows:
                                                                            
                                        July 12, 2019    December 31, 2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Time to financing or maturity (in     1 - 2            1 - 1.53           
  years)                                                                    
  Expected volatility                   15%              13%                
  Expected dividend yield               —                —                  
  Risk-free interest rate               1.84% - 1.96%    1.58% - 1.59%      
                                                                            
Expected Term—The expected term represents the period of time that the
Company expects to raise working capital or repayment of the Convertible
Notes. Expected Volatility—The expected volatility is the class specific
volatility, which is estimated using comparable public company volatility
for similar expected term and indicated value of related stock class.
Expected Dividend—The Company has never paid dividends and has no plans to
pay dividends. Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest rate is
interpolated from U.S. Government Constant Maturity Treasury rates for a
period corresponding to the expected date of financing or maturity. 12.
Capital Lease Obligations Beginning in 2015, the Company entered into lease
arrangements with various equipment lessors in order to lease data center
servers, network equipment and software. The leases are determined to be
capital leases as they met one or more of the four capital lease criteria.
Capital leases outstanding F-171

at December 31, 2019 generally have a three-year term and mature at various
dates until 2021, and bear interest rates ranging from 5.53% to 12.31% per
annum. The aggregated monthly payments ranged from $2.8 million to $5.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2018, and from $1.2 million to $2.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The Company recorded $3.8
million and $1.5 million of interest expense in relation to the capital
lease arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively. See Note 5. Property, Equipment and Software. The following
table summarizes the present value of future minimum lease payments under
the Company’s capital lease obligations at December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                         
  Years Ending December 31,                              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                    $   10,801     
  2021                                           797     
  Total minimum lease payments                11,598     
  Less:                                                  
  Imputed interest                              (343  )  
  Current portion of capital lease           (10,464  )  
  obligations                                            
  Capital lease obligations, long-term    $      791     
                                                         
13. Stock Warrants Preferred Stock Warrants On June 21, 2013 and October 31,
2013, in connection with a financing agreement with a financial institution,
as described in Note 9. Debt, the Company issued warrants to purchase
616,900 shares and 740,300 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock,
respectively, with an exercise price of $0.081049 per share. The warrants
are exercisable for 10 years from the date of issuance. The Company
determined that these preferred stock warrants met the requirements for
liability classification under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, due to the
existence of down-round provisions. The fair value of the warrant was
approximately $0.1 million at the time of issuance, calculated using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the preferred stock
warrants liability was re-valuedat each reporting period, and the changes in
its fair value were recorded in other income, net in the consolidated
statements of operations. The fair value of the common stock warrant
liability was re-valuedat both December 31, 2018 and 2019, and $0.1 million
gain and $0.7 million loss were recorded in other income (expense), net in
the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2019, respectively. At December 31, 2019, 1,357,200 warrants for
shares of Series B convertible preferred stock were outstanding. The
Company’s assumptions used in determining the fair value of preferred stock
warrants as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
                                                               
                                      2018               2019  
  Expected terms (in years)    4.47 - 4.84        3.47 - 3.84  
  Expected volatility               38.40%    40.03% - 40.58%  
  Expected dividend yield                —                  —  
  Risk-free interest rate            2.51%      1.62% - 1.66%  
                                                               
Common Stock Warrants—In connection with the 2015 Loan II facility, the
Company issued common stock warrants to allow the financial institution to
receive shares of the Company’s common stock up to the sum of a) $500,000,
plus b) 1.5% of the aggregate advances made under the Loan II. From May 2015
through December 2016, the Company issued warrants on a total of 1,552,790
shares F-172

of common stock upon exercise of the warrants. The warrants are immediately
exercisable, at an exercise price of zero per share, and expire on the
earlier of May 8, 2025 or upon the consummation of an initial public
offering or a change in control of the Company. The Company determined that
these common stock warrants met the requirements for liability
classification under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. On the
dates of issuance, the aggregate fair values of the warrants totaled $2.2
million, calculated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, and was
reflected as a discount to the loan payable and other long-term liabilities
in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the common
stock warrant liability was re-valuedat both December 31, 2018 and 2019, and
$1.4 million gain and $0.2 million loss were recorded in other income
(expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. As of December 31, 2019,
1,552,790 shares of common stock warrants were outstanding. The Company’s
assumptions used in determining the fair value of common stock warrants as
of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
                                                     
                                2018        2019     
  Expected terms (in years)     6.36        5.35     
  Expected volatility          40.25  %    41.62  %  
  Expected dividend yield          —           —     
  Risk-free interest rate       2.59  %     1.69  %  
                                                     
In connection with the 2018 financing agreement, the Company issued warrants
to allow the financial institution to receive 2,000,000 shares of the
Company’s common stock. At December 31, 2018, the warrants were immediately
exercisable with an exercisable price of $0.00001 per share and expire on
February 2, 2028. The Company determined that these common stock warrants
met the requirements for equity classification in accordance with ASC 480,
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. On the dates of issuance, the
aggregate fair values of the warrants totaled $1.1 million, calculated using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model, and was reflected as a discount to the
loan payable and stockholders’ deficit in the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets. As of December 31, 2019, 2,000,000 shares of common stock warrants
remained outstanding. The Company’s assumptions used in determining the fair
value of common stock warrants as of December 31, 2018 are as follows:
                                                
                                          2018  
  Expected terms (in years)       9.10 - 10.01  
  Expected volatility          43.28% - 49.01%  
  Expected dividend yield                    —  
  Risk-free interest rate        2.66% - 2.84%  
                                                
14. Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases The Company leases office
and colocation facilities under non-cancellableoperating lease and sublease
agreements that expire at various terms through 2028. In August 2014, the
Company entered into three non-cancelableoffice sublease agreements and one
sublease option for a total of approximately 380,000 square feet for use as
its headquarters in Palo Alto, California. The lease terms have been amended
in 2016, 2017 and 2018. In August 2019, the Company entered into an
arrangement with the property owner to terminate the sublease arrangement
for two of the buildings. In consideration of the early termination, the
Company agreed to F-173

pay $20 million to the property owner in four installments through August
2020, which was recorded in general and administrative expense in August
2019. The remaining sublease agreements expire in 2028. In 2016, the Company
entered into another operating sublease agreement for office space in Palo
Alto, California over the sublease term of 60 months expiring in 2022. In
June 2018, the Company ceased to use one of its office facilities in Palo
Alto, California and recorded a cease-useloss of $7.8 million. The lease
does not expire until 2022 and the Company is currently subleasing the
space. The cease-useloss was calculated as the present value of the
remaining lease obligation offset by the sublease rental receipts during the
remaining lease period, adjusted for deferred items and lease incentives. As
of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the cease-useobligation was $4.1 million and
$1.4 million, respectively. The lease abandonment cost is included in
general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of
operations. Under the terms of the leases and subleases, the Company is
responsible for certain insurance, property tax, and maintenance expenses.
These repair and maintenance cost on the major equipment are expensed as
incurred. Additionally, certain lease and sublease agreements provide for
rental payments on a graduated basis. The Company recognizes rent expense on
a straight-line basis over the terms of the lease or sublease commitments.
For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, rent expense was $22.7
million and $15.8 million, respectively. The following summarizes the future
minimum payments under the Company’s operating leases, subleases, colocation
facility, and sublease proceeds under non-cancelableoperating leases at
December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                          
  Years Ending December 31,                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                     $   27,544     
  2021                                         26,845     
  2022                                         21,652     
  2023                                         16,747     
  2024                                         17,250     
  Thereafter                                   63,723     
  Total minimum lease payments                173,761     
  Less: non-cancellable sublease income       (23,294  )  
  Total                                    $  150,467     
                                                          
Letter of Credit Agreements In August 2014, the Company entered into two
standby letters of credit agreements (“LOCs”) with a bank in lieu of a
deposit under the Company’s sublease agreements for certain office
buildings. Under these three LOCs, the Company’s landlord can draw up to
$20.0 million under certain conditions. In August 2019, the Company
terminated certain of its sublease arrangements and accordingly, the LOC has
also been reduced to $13.1 million as of December 31, 2019. These LOCs are
required through June 2027. In July 2015, the Company entered into an
additional LOC agreement with the bank that provides for a $12.5 million to
support the Company’s capital leases. The LOC that was subsequently reduced
to $8.0 million and $4.0 million in August 2018 and February 2019,
respectively, and by December 31, 2019, the Company is no longer required to
maintain any LOC on the Company’s capital leases. F-174

In September 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with a bank that
provides for
a $6.8 million irrevocable LOC for a sublease agreement. Consequently, the
borrowing availability under the Accounts Receivable Loan I was reduced by
$6.8 million from $30.0 million to $23.2 million. See Note 9. Debt.

The LOCs may not exceed the aggregate loan value of the collateral, which is
defined as all assets held or to be held in custody
accounts, safeguarding accounts, investment management accounts, and/or
other accounts with the bank. The Company is in compliance with this
requirement through December 31, 2019.

No amounts were drawn against the LOCs during the years presented.

Purchase Obligations

As of December 31, 2019, the Company had no additional material purchase
obligations.

Legal Matters

The
Company is at times involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the
normal course of business. Such matters are subject to uncertainties and
outcomes and are not predictable with assurance. The Company assesses the
probability of incurring
any such losses and whether or not those losses are estimable. Amounts are
accrued that are believed to be adequate to address any liabilities related
to legal proceedings and other loss contingencies that are reasonably
estimable.

Wired Real Estate Group, Inc. v. Machine Zone, Inc., JAMS

On March 13, 2018, Wired Real Estate Group, Inc. (“WiredRE”) filed a Demand
for Arbitration against the Company with JAMS
in Las Vegas, Nevada (the “Demand”). While the allegations in the Demand are
vague and do not identify specific claims, the Demand attempts to allege
claims for breach of contract and unjust enrichment arising from the
parties’
AsiaPac Market Data Center/Services Provider Procurement contract. On April
20, 2018, the Company filed its answer to the arbitration demand and
counterclaims seeking relief for breach of contract, breach of the implied
covenant of good faith
and fair dealing, and unjust enrichment against WiredRE.

For the most part, WiredRE’s contention had been that its damages are
around $1.2 million plus legal fees and interest until later in the
litigation when it increased its claimed damages to between $7.5 million to
15.0 million. The arbitration hearing took place between February 24 – 26,
2020
in Las Vegas, Nevada. On February 28, 2020, the arbitrator issued an award
rejecting all of WiredRE’s claims, ruling in favor of the Company, and
declaring the Company the prevailing party in this arbitration. The
arbitrator additionally
awarded the Company attorneys’ fee in the amount of approximately $454,000
to be paid by WiredRE.

F-175

15. Stockholders’ Deficit Convertible Preferred Stock The convertible
preferred stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2018, is
as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                 Shares               Net        Aggregate  
                   Shares    Issued and          Carrying       Liquidati…  
               Authorized    Outstandi…            Amount       Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740    113,538,7…    $        4,881    $       4,941  
  Series B     92,502,640    91,145,440             7,345            7,387  
  Series C    142,499,110    142,499,1…           376,314          376,970  
  Series D     77,599,580    65,709,968           253,883          254,035  
  Total       426,140,070    412,893,2…    $      642,423    $     643,333  
                                                                            
The convertible preferred stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at
December 31, 2019, is as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                 Shares               Net        Aggregate  
                   Shares    Issued and          Carrying       Liquidati…  
               Authorized    Outstandi…            Amount       Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740    113,538,7…    $        4,881    $           —  
  Series B     92,502,640    91,145,440             7,345                —  
  Series C    142,499,110    141,180,4…           134,121           93,370  
  Series D     65,709,968    55,526,655            62,190           53,667  
  Total       414,250,458    401,391,2…    $      208,537    $     147,037  
                                                                            
In July 2019, the Company issued Convertible Notes of $42.9 million to the
holders of Series C and Series D upon conversion of 1,318,694 shares of
Series C and 10,183,313 shares of Series D preferred shares (the
“Conversion”, See Note 10. Convertible Promissory Note). The Conversion was
accounted for as an extinguishment for Series C and Series D converted to
the Convertible Notes. The fair value of the Series C and Series D converted
was $1.1 million less than carrying amount of related Series C and Series D,
which represented a return from the holders of Series C and D converted and
recorded as a credit to the accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2019. The
significant rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of Series A,
B, C and D are as follows: Dividends The holders of Series A, B, C, and D
are entitled to receive non-cumulativeannual dividends at the rate of
$0.00348144, $0.00648392, $0.2116328, and $0.30928 per share, respectively,
when and if declared by the Company’s Board of Directors, prior and in
preference to dividends on common stock. Any additional dividends shall be
paid ratably to holders of common and preferred stock, with the holders of
preferred stock participating on an as-ifconverted basis. As of December 31,
2019, no dividends were declared or unpaid on Series A, B, C, and D
convertible preferred stock. Liquidation Right Prior to March 2019, in the
event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company (a
“Liquidation Event,” as defined in the Company’s articles of incorporation),
either voluntary or F-176

involuntary, the holders of Series A, B, C, and D will be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution to the holders of
common stock, an amount equal to the original issuance
price of $0.043518, $0.081049, $2.64541, and $3.866, respectively, as
adjusted for any stock splits, combinations, recapitalizations, or the like,
plus any declared and unpaid dividends. If the assets legally available are
insufficient to satisfy
the entire liquidation preference of Series A, B, C, and D, the funds will
be distributed ratably to the holders of Series A, B, C, and D. The
remaining assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of
common stock.

In March 2019, the Company completed a recapitalization agreement with i)
all holders of Series A and Series B preferred shares waiving
100% of their Series A and Series B liquidation preference and ii) all
holders of Series C and all but one holder of Series D, irrevocably and
unconditionally, agreed to voluntarily convert at least 75% of the shares of
its each Series C and Series
D shares into common stock immediately prior to a liquidation event in
exchange for an additional 185 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock.

The arrangement to waive 100% of the liquidation preference in Series A and
Series B is accounted as a modification as the waiver on the
liquidation preference has no impacts on the fair value of Series A and
Series B before and after the modification. Accordingly, the modification
has no impacts to the Company’s’ consolidated financial statements.

The agreement to convert at least 75% of Series C and Series D into common
stock in exchange for additional 185 million share of
the Company’s common stock was accounted for as an extinguishment in the
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock. The extinguishment resulted in a new
basis for the Series C and D Preferred Stock. Under extinguishment
accounting, the difference
between the fair value of the total consideration transferred and the
carrying value of the Series C and D extinguished is recorded to retained
earnings (accumulated deficit). As of December 31, 2019, the Company
recorded $298.2 million
against the accumulated deficit.

Upon completion of the above-mentioned arrangements, in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of Series C and D will be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to
any distribution to the holders of common stock and other series of
preferred stock, an amount equal
to $94.2 million (“Series C Capped Preference”) and $86.0 million (“Series D
Capped Preference”), respectively, as adjusted for any stock splits,
combinations, recapitalizations, or the like, plus any declared and
unpaid dividends. If the assets legally available are insufficient to
satisfy the entire liquidation preference of Series C and D, the funds will
be distributed ratably to the holders of Series C and D in proportion to the
preferential amount each
such holder of Series C and D is otherwise entitled to receive. The
remaining assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of
common stock, Series A and Series B based on the number of shares of common
stock then held by them on an as-converted basis.

In July 2019, upon the conversion of 1,318,694 shares of Series C and
10,183,313 shares of Series D Preferred Shares into Convertible Promissory
Notes, the Series C and Series D Capped Preference was accordingly reduced
to $93.4 million and $53.7 million, respectively.

Voting

The holders of
Series A, B, C, and D have voting rights equal to the number of shares of
common stock into which such shares of Series A, B, C, and D are then
convertible. Additionally, so long as at least 53,587,770, 42,611,600 and
71,249,550 shares of Series A,
Series B and Series C, respectively, remain outstanding, the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Series A, Series B and Series C,
voting as a separate class, are entitled to each elect one member of the
Board of Directors. The holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, voting as a
separate class, are

F-177

entitled to elect two members of the Board of Directors. The holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock,
voting together as a single class and on an as-converted basis, are entitled
to elect three independent members of the Board of Director. Each member of
the Board should have two votes on each matter to be acted upon at each
meeting and for each action by
written consent of the Board of Director, except for a director of Nogreno
Limited who only holds one vote.

Conversion

Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder,
at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into
such number of shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the
Series A Original Issue Price, Series B Original Issue Price, Series C
Original Issue Price or Series D Original Issue Price, as applicable, by the
conversion price applicable to
such share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, recapitalizations, and the like. The conversion rate in effect
at any time for Series A, B, C, and D will be the quotient obtained by
dividing the original issue
price for such shares of preferred stock by the conversion price. Each share
of Series A, B, C, and D will automatically convert into shares of common
stock, based on the then effective conversion price, upon the earlier of
either (i) an
initial public offering with aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of at
least $200.0 million, or (ii) upon the written consent by the majority
holders of the then outstanding shares of Series A, B, C, and D, voting on
an as converted
basis. At December 31, 2019, the conversion ratio for Series A, B, C, and D
is one to one.

Redemption

Series A, B, C, and D convertible preferred stock is nonredeemable.

Creation of Management Carve-OutPlan

In September 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the creation of
a management/key employee carve-out plan, which provides certain employees
of the Company with a bonus compensation opportunity in the event of a sale
or other liquidation event of the Company, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed
$80.0 million. The management carve-out plan was finalized in approved in
June 2019.

Treasury Stock

In May 2018, one of the Company’s founders resigned from his position as
Chief Executive Officer and a member of
the Board of Directors. In connection with the resignation, the founder
returned 192,263,107 shares of common stock to the Company, all of which
were designated as treasury stock.

In June 2018, one of the Company’s founders resigned from his position as
Chief Technology Officer and member of the Board of
Directors. In connection with the resignation, the founder returned
119,459,903 shares of common stock to the Company, all of which were
retired.

In October 2018, one of the Company’s founders returned 35,000,000 shares of
common stock to the Company, all of which were
designated as treasury stock.

In March 2019, the Company re-issued 185 million shares
of treasury stock to the holders Series C and D in exchange for them to
waive their liquidation preference in Series C and D.

The
Company recorded the receipt of the shares as treasury stock. Treasury stock
activity is presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of
stockholders’ deficit.

F-178

Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance The Company has reserved at
December 31, 2019, the following shares of common stock for future
issuances:
                                                       
  Series A convertible preferred stock    113,538,740  
  Series B convertible preferred stock     91,145,440  
  Series C convertible preferred stock    141,180,416  
  Series D convertible preferred stock     55,526,655  
  Preferred stock warrants outstanding      1,357,200  
  Common stock warrants outstanding         3,552,790  
  Stock option plan:                                   
  Options outstanding                     161,245,819  
  Options available for future grants     202,341,952  
  Non-plan options:                                    
  Options outstanding                      13,433,141  
  Options available for future grants          62,509  
  Total                                   783,384,662  
                                                       
Stock Incentive Plan In 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors amended the
Company’s 2009 Plan to increase the total number of shares of common stock
authorized for issuance of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock
options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units (collectively
“equity awards”) to eligible participants from 361,374,594 to 629,458,331
shares. Under the Plan, the exercise price of an option cannot be less than
100% or 85% of the fair value of one share of common stock on the date of
grant for incentive or non-statutorystock options, respectively (not less
than 110% of the fair value for stockholders owning greater than 10% of all
classes of stock). Fair value is determined by the Board of Directors.
Equity awards granted generally vest over a four-year period from the date
of grant at a rate of 25% after one year, then monthly on a straight-line
basis thereafter. Options granted generally are exercisable up to 10 years,
and restricted stock awards and restricted stock units generally have a
contractual term of 7 years. Option holders are allowed to exercise unvested
options to acquire restricted shares only upon approval of the administrator
of the Plan. Upon termination of service, the Company has the right to
repurchase at the original purchase price of any unvested (but issued)
common shares. In September 2018, the Board approved an option exchange
whereby employees with outstanding stock options, with per share exercise
prices above $0.45, are permitted within a certain time frame to tender
those options for cancellation and in exchange for the grant of replacement
options at an exercise price based on the fair market value of the option at
the grant date and subject to the same exercisability and vesting terms of
the original grant. The Company accounted for the option exchange as a stock
option modification in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 Share-Based
Compensationand recorded incremental stock-based compensation expense of
$3.9 million in addition to the remaining stock-based compensation expense
attributable to the exchanged stock options. F-179

A summary of the Company’s stock option activity, including stock options
issued outside of the Plan, for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 is
as follows (dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts):
                                                                            
                                      Options     Weighted                  
                                   Outstandi…      Average                  
                                     Weighted    Remaining                  
                                      Average    Contract…       Aggregate  
                Number of            Exercise         Term       Intrinsic  
                   Shares               Price      (Years)           Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance—…    156,267,9…       $        0.77         5.11                  
  31, 2017                                                                  
  Options      131,742,9…       $        0.47                               
  granted                                                                   
  Options      (7,504,228  )    $        0.15                 $      3,558  
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (113,668,…  )    $        1.00                               
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    166,837,7…       $        0.41         6.31                  
  31, 2018                                                                  
  Options      18,634,919       $        0.48                               
  granted                                                                   
  Options      (3,651,417  )    $        0.05                 $      2,126  
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (45,204,6…  )    $        0.42                               
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    136,616,6…       $        0.42         6.96                  
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Vested                                                                    
  and          82,749,451       $        0.38         6.76                  
  exercisa…                                                                 
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Vested                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  expected                                                                  
  to           124,761,9…       $        0.41         5.56                  
  vest—Dec…                                                                 
  31,                                                                       
  2019                                                                      
  Remaining                                                                 
  weighted                                                                  
  average            2.30                                                   
  amortiza…                                                                 
  (in                                                                       
  years)                                                                    
                                                                            
The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted for the year
ended December 31, 2019 was $0.21 per share. A summary of the Company’s RSAs
activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 is as follows:
                                                                            
                                                                  Weighted  
                                                             Average Grant  
                                          Number of              Date Fair  
                                         Restricted              Value per  
                                       Stock Awards                  Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31,           2,563,546       $           0.03  
  2017                                                                      
  Granted                               139,980,500       $           0.49  
  Vested                                 (2,563,546  )    $           0.01  
  Cancelled/forfeited                             —       $           0.01  
  Unvested balance—December 31,         139,980,500       $           0.49  
  2018                                                                      
  Granted                                41,900,000       $           0.55  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                   (47,899,992  )    $           0.49  
  Unvested balance—December 31,         133,980,508       $           0.51  
  2019                                                                      
                                                                            
The intrinsic value of RSAs vested was $3.6 million for the years ended
December 31, 2018. The number of RSAs expected to vest as of December 31,
2019 was zero as the achievement of the performance vesting condition was
not deemed probable. F-180

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units In 2017, the Company began to grant
to employees PRSs that generally vest upon the satisfaction of both a time-
based condition of up to four years and a performance vesting condition. The
PRSUs satisfy the performance vesting condition on the first to occur of (i)
the date of a change in control or (ii) the date after the completion of the
lock-upperiod following an initial public offering. As of December 31, 2018
and 2019, 15,515,607 and 32,294,923, respectively, shares of PRSUs have met
their service-period condition; however, the achievement of the performance
vesting condition was not deemed probable and accordingly, no stock-based
compensation expense was recognized for the PRSUs for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019. If the performance vesting condition had been
satisfied for the PRSUs as of December 31, 2019, stock-based compensation
expense of $31.7 million would have been recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2019. A summary of
the Company’s PRSUs activity for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019
is as follows:
                                                                            
                                          Number of               Weighted  
                                        Performance          Average Grant  
                                              Based              Date Fair  
                                         Restricted              Value per  
                                        Stock Units                  Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2017     25,060,205       $           1.41  
  Granted                                 3,267,933       $           0.56  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (7,088,382  )    $           1.25  
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2018     21,239,756       $           1.33  
  Granted                                20,449,474       $           0.55  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (3,683,248  )    $           1.25  
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     38,005,982       $           0.92  
                                                                            
The number of PRSUs expected to vest as of December 31, 2019 was zero as the
achievement of the performance vesting condition was not deemed probable.
Common Stock Repurchases In April and December 2018, the Company repurchased
approximately 173,750 shares of the Company for an aggregate price of $0.2
million. These shares are retired and included in the Company’s authorized
but unissued Plan shares. As a result of the repurchase, the Company
recorded $0.2 million in the accumulated deficit in the consolidated balance
sheets. F-181

The stock-based compensation and stock-based compensation expense recognized
for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows (in
thousands):
                                                             
                                     2018           2019     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue               $   1,882       $    675     
  Research and development          7,600          4,967     
  Sales and marketing               3,202            684     
  General and administrative        1,270          1,550     
                                   13,954          7,876     
  Less: capitalization               (648  )        (447  )  
  Total                         $  13,306       $  7,429     
                                                             
The above stock-based compensation expenses also included immaterial
expenses related to stock options issued to the non-employees. As of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had $80.8 million and $10.7 million
of unamortized stock-based compensation expense, respectively, excluding
estimated forfeitures, which will be amortized over a weighted-averageperiod
of 2.86 years and 2.30 years, respectively. 16. Income Taxes Net loss before
income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 consisted of the
following components (in thousands):
                                                                           
                                                2018              2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                            $  53,066       $  (235,427  )  
  Foreign                                        (95  )              6     
  Net income (loss) before income taxes    $  52,971       $  (235,421  )  
                                                                           
The income tax expenses (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019 consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                      
  Current:        2018          2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────── 
  Federal      $     —       $     —  
  State            (22  )        450  
  Foreign          128            43  
  Deferred:                           
  Federal         (217  )          —  
  State            (15  )          —  
  Foreign            8           180  
  Total        $  (118  )    $   673  
                                      
In 2019, the Company’s effective tax rate differs significantly from the US
statutory rate of 21% due to change in the valuation allowance, interest
from the convertible notes, prior year true-upsand tax credits. For the year
ended December 31, 2018, the difference between the Company’s effective tax
rate and the US statutory rate was due to prior year true-ups,research tax
credits, and change in valuation allowance. F-182

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Act”) was signed into
law. The new legislation decreases the U.S. corporate federal income tax
rate from 35 percent to 21 percent effective January 1, 2018. The change in
Federal statutory tax rate caused a one-timereduction of $104.3 million of
the cumulative gross deferred tax asset balance. The change in the deferred
tax asset was offset entirely by a valuation allowance. The Act also
includes a number of other provisions including the elimination of loss
carrybacks and limitations on the use of future losses, and repeal of the
Alternative Minimum Tax regime. These provisions are not expected to have
immediate effect on the Company. The Company’s deferred tax assets and
liabilities at December 31, 2018 and 2019, are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Deferred tax assets:                           2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net operating losses                    $   125,271       $   141,659     
  Property, equipment and software             28,154            25,906     
  Accrued expenses                              1,064             1,469     
  Stock based compensation                      2,836             3,021     
  Research and development tax credits         32,692            37,028     
  Deferred rent                                 4,180             2,715     
  Total deferred tax assets                   194,197           211,798     
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                 
  Property equipment and software                 (40  )            (42  )  
  Less: valuation allowance                  (194,160  )       (211,721  )  
  Net deferred tax liability              $        (3  )    $        35     
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company has net operating loss
carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately $575.8
million and $659.8 million respectively, and state income tax purposes of
approximately $40.5 million and $47.7 million, respectively. The operating
loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income will begin to
expire in 2034 for federal and state purposes. At December 31, 2018, the
Company had research credit carryforwards of approximately $23.1 million and
$22.5 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. The
Company has research credit carryforwards of approximately $25.0 million and
$26.6 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively, as of
December 31, 2019. If not utilized, the federal carryforward will expire in
various amounts beginning in 2030. The state credit can be carried forward
indefinitely. Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) Sections 382 and 383, as amended
and similar state provisions, place a limitation on the amount of taxable
income which can be offset by carryforward tax attributes, such as net
operating losses or tax credits, after a change in control. Generally, after
a change in control, a loss corporation cannot deduct carryforward tax
attributes in excess of the limitation prescribed by Section 382 and 383.
The Company does not believe the use of its net operating loss carryforwards
are subject to limitation under IRC Section 382 as of December 31, 2018 and
2019. However, the Company’s federal and state tax attributes may be subject
to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income
in future periods where the annual limitation may result in the expiration
of these tax attributes before utilization. In assessing the realizability
of the Company’s deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is
more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. F-183

The Company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to
estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to
permit use of the existing deferred tax assets. On the
basis of this evaluation, the Company applied a valuation allowance against
most of its U.S. federal and state net deferred taxes of approximately
$194.1 million and $211.7 million at December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

The Company has unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $11.5 million and
$12.1 million as of December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively. Of these unrecognized tax benefits, approximately $0.2
million and $0.5 million resulted in the accrual of a liability in
accordance with ASC 740 as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
Included in the
balance of unrecognized tax benefits are approximately $11.3 million and
$11.6 million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would result in (1)
adjustments to deferred taxes; and (2) would not affect the effective tax
rate as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, due to a full valuation allowance.
On the basis of the information available as of December 31, 2019, the
Company does not expect any significant changes to the total amount of
unrecognized tax
benefits within the next 12 months.

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on the
general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company’s
accrued interest and penalties expense (benefit) related to the unrecognized
tax benefits was
immaterial.

The Company’s primary tax jurisdiction is the United States. The Company
files corporation tax returns in
California, New Hampshire, Delaware, Germany and Japan. Generally, in the
U.S. federal and state jurisdictions, tax periods in which certain loss and
credit carryovers are generated, remain open for audit until such time as
the limitation period
ends for the year in which such losses or credits are utilized. All tax
periods remain open to examination with respect to foreign jurisdictions.

Under the Act, the federal corporate AMT law was repealed. The Company
expects a refund of the 2017 federal AMT over next four years
starting 2018.

17. Employee Benefit Plan

The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) retirement plan covering all
employees who have met certain eligibility requirements.
Eligible employees may contribute pretax compensation up to the maximum
amount allowable under the Internal Revenue Service limitations. Employee
contributions and earnings thereon vest immediately. The Company matches one
hundred percent of the
first three percent of employees’ contributions up to a cap of $280,000 per
year. The Company’s matching contributions, net of any refund, totaled $2.3
million and $1.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

18. Subsequent Events

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the issuance date of the
consolidated financial statements to determine whether they should be
disclosed to keep the consolidated financial statements being misleading.
The Company noted the following
subsequent events that should be disclosed:

Reduction in Force

In May 2020, the Company announced a reduction-in-force
impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s employees.

F-184

Merger

In May 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with AppLovin
Corporation (the “Acquirer”) pursuant to which the
Company will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquirer (the
“Acquisition”). The Acquisition was completed and closed on May 19, 2020. As
part of the merger agreement, the Acquirer assumed or extinguished through
payments of cash
and equity or assumed the Company’s Accounts Receivable Loan I and Financing
Agreement, outstanding Convertible Notes, capital and operating leases,
trade payables and the remaining Series C and Series D liquidation
preference.

Lease Termination

In
connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into a lease amendment
arrangement with the landlord for the Company’s buildings located at 1100
and 1200 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA. Under the lease amendment, Company
and landlord agreed
to terminate Company’s sublease arrangement for the 1200 Page Mill Road
building, release Company from its payment obligation under a pre-existing
lease termination agreement with landlord and release the
letter of credit held by landlord with respect to the building located at
1200 Page Mill Road. In consideration of the early termination, the Acquirer
made a payment in cash equal to the letter of credit currently in place on
1200 Page Mill Road and
issued warrants of the Acquirer’s common stock to the property owner.

F-185

APPLOVIN CORPORATION UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2021 are presented to give effect to AppLovin
Corporation’s (“AppLovin” or the “Company”) acquisitions of (i) Machine
Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone”) (the “MZ Acquisition”) on May 19, 2020 (the “MZ
Acquisition Date”) for the purchase consideration of $329 million, and (ii)
adjust GmbH (“Adjust”) (the “Adjust Acquisition”) on April 20, 2021 (the
“Adjust Acquisition Date”) for the purchase consideration of $968 million.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations were
prepared based on the historical consolidated statements of operations of
AppLovin, Machine Zone and Adjust after giving effect to the MZ Acquisition
and Adjust Acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting, and after
applying the assumptions, reclassifications, and adjustments described in
the accompanying notes. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, combines the historical
audited statement of operations of AppLovin for the year ended December 31,
2020, the historical unaudited consolidated statement of operations of
Machine Zone for the period from January 1, 2020 through the MZ Acquisition
Date, and the historical audited statement of operations of Adjust for the
year ended December 31, 2020, on a pro forma basis as if both the MZ
Acquisition and Adjust Acquisition occurred on January 1, 2020, the first
day of AppLovin’s most recently completed fiscal year. For purposes of the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2020, the audited consolidated statement of profit and
loss of Adjust was translated from EUR to US dollars by using the average
exchange rate for the year ended December 31, 2020 of approximately $1.14.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the
nine months ended September 30, 2021 combines the historical condensed
consolidated statement of operations of AppLovin for the nine months ended
September 30, 2021 and the historical unaudited consolidated statement of
operations of Adjust for the period from January 1, 2021 through the Adjust
Acquisition Date, on a pro forma basis as if both the MZ Acquisition and
Adjust Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2020, the first day of
AppLovin’s most recently completed fiscal year. For purposes of the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the nine
months ended September 30, 2021, the historical unaudited consolidated
statement of operations of Adjust for the period from January 1, 2021
through the Adjust Acquisition date was translated from EUR to US dollars by
using the average exchange rate of approximately $1.20. The unaudited pro
forma combined statement of operations was based on and should be read in
conjunction with the following historical financial statements and
accompanying notes:
                                                                            
       Separate audited historical consolidated financial statements and    
       accompanying notes of AppLovin as of and for the year                
  •    ended December 31, 2020, included in this prospectus.                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Separate unaudited historical consolidated financial statements of   
       Machine Zone as of and for the three months ended                    
  •    March 31, 2020, included in this prospectus.                         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Separate audited historical consolidated financial statements of     
       Adjust as of and for the year ended December 31,                     
  •    2020, included in this prospectus.                                   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations have
been prepared by AppLovin in accordance with Regulation S-XArticle 11, Pro
Forma Financial Information, as amended by the final rule, Release No.
33-10786,which is referred to herein as Article 11. The pro forma
adjustments are described in the accompanying footnotes. F-186

Adjustments included in the column under the heading “Transaction Accounting
Adjustments” in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2021, consist of those necessary to account for the MZ
Acquisition and
Adjust Acquisition as if they took place on January 1, 2020. Separately,
AppLovin borrowed an additional $300 million in May 2020 under the Credit
Agreement entered in August 2018 and amended several times through February
2021 (the
“Amended Credit Agreement”) to fund the MZ Acquisition; and $550 million in
March 2021 under the Amended Credit Agreement and the Revolving Credit
Facility entered in August 2018 and amended several times through February
2021 (the
“Revolving Credit Facility”) to fund the Adjust Acquisition. The adjustments
related to these issuances of debt are reflected in separate columns as
“Debt Financing Adjustments”. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statements of operations are presented for informational purposes only and
are not intended to represent or be indicative of the combined financial
statements that AppLovin would have reported had the MZ Acquisition and the
Adjust Acquisition been
completed as of the dates and for the periods presented and should not be
taken as representative of AppLovin’s consolidated financial statements of
operations following the MZ Acquisition and Adjust Acquisition. In addition,
the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined statements of operations are not intended to be
indicative of AppLovin’s operations for any future period.

The unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations does not reflect
any cost savings, operating synergies or revenue enhancements
that the combined company may achieve as a result of the MZ Acquisition or
Adjust Acquisition, costs necessary to achieve such measures, or costs to
integrate the operations of the combined company.

F-187

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations For the Year
Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands, except share and per share data)
                                                                            
                        …                                                   
                        …                                                   
                        …                                                   
                        …                                                   
                        …                                                   
                        …                                                   
                        …                                                   
                        …                                                   
                        …                  …             …             …    
                        …                  …             …             …    
                        …                  …             …             …    
                        …                  …             …             …    
                        …                  …      …      …      …      …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                        …      $           …      …      —             …    
                                                                            
                        …                  …      …      —             …    
                        …                  …      …      —             …    
                                           …      …      —                  
                                           …      …      —                  
                        …                  —             —             …    
                        …                  …      …      —             …    
                        —                  —             —             …    
                        —                  —             —             …    
                        …           )      —             —             —    
                        —                  —             —             —    
                        —                  —             —             —    
                        …                  …             —             …    
                 )      …                  …             —             …    
                                                                            
                 )      …                  …      …      …      …      …    
                        —                  —             —             —    
                        —                  —             —             —    
                        …                  …      …      —             …    
                 )      …                  …             …             …    
                 )      …                  …             …             …    
                        …                  …      …      …      …      …    
                 )      …                  …             …             …    
                        —                  —             —             …    
                 )      …                  …             …             …    
                 )      …      $           …             …             …    
                                                                            
                                                                       …    
                                                                            
                                           …      …                    …    
                                                                            
F-188

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations For the Year
Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands, except share and per share data)
(continued)
                                                                            
                               …                                            
                               …                                            
                               …                                            
                               …                                            
                               …                                            
                               …                                            
         …                     …                                            
         …                     …                                            
         …                     …          …              …             …    
         …          …          …          …              …             …    
         …          …          …          …       …      …      …      …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
      $  …       $  …       $  —       $  …  )    …      —             …    
                                          …  )    …                         
                                                                            
         …          …  …       …  )       …       …      —             …    
                                          …  )    …                         
         …          …  …       …          …       …      —             …    
         …          …  …       …  )       —              —             …    
         …          …  …       …          …       …      —             …    
                                          …       …                         
         …          —          —          —              —             …    
         …          —          —          —              —             …    
         —          —          —          —              —             —    
         —          …  )       …          —              —             —    
         —          …          …  )       —              —             —    
         …          …  …       …          …              —             …    
         …  )       …  …       …  )       …  )           —             …    
                                                                            
         …  )       —          …  )       …       …      …      …      …    
         —          …  )       …          —              —             —    
         —          …          …  )       —              —             —    
         …          —          …          —              —             …    
         …  )       …  …       …          …              …             …    
         …  )       …  …       —          …  )           …             …    
         …          …  …       —          …  )    …      …      …      …    
         …  )       …  …       —          …  )           …             …    
         …          —          —          —              —             …    
         …  )       …  )       —          …  )           …             …    
      $  …  )    $  …  )    $  —       $  …  )           …             …    
                                                                            
      $  …  )                                                          …    
                                                                            
         …                                                             …    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Reflected as “Cost of Sales” in the historical financial statements  
       of adjust GmbH                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (2)  Reflected as “Selling and distribution expenses” in the historical   
       financial statements of adjust GmbH                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (3)  Reflected as “Research and development costs” in the historical      
       financial statements of adjust GmbH                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (4)  Reflected as “Administrative expenses” in the historical financial   
       statements of adjust GmbH                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Reflects the sum of “Cost of Sales”, “Selling and distribution       
  (5)  expenses”, “Research and                                             
       development costs” and “Administrative expenses” as presented in     
       the historical financial statements of adjust GmbH                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (6)  Reflected as “Operating Loss” in the historical financial            
       statements of adjust GmbH                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Reflects the sum of “Finance costs” and “Finance income” as          
  (7)  presented in the historical financial                                
       statements of adjust GmbH                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Reflected as “Loss before tax from continuing operations” in the     
  (8)  historical financial statements of adjust                            
       GmbH                                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (9)  Reflected as “Income tax expenses” in the historical financial       
       statements of adjust GmbH                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Reflected as “Loss for the year from continuing operations” in the  
  (10)  historical financial statements of                                  
        adjust GmbH                                                         
                                                                            
F-189

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations For the Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2021 (in thousands, except share and per share
data)
                                                                            
                    …                                                       
                    …          …                                            
                    …          …                                            
                    …          …                                            
                    …          …                                            
                    …          …                                            
                    …          …                                            
                    …          …                                            
                    …          …                                            
                    …          …          …              …             …    
         …          …          …          …              …             …    
         …          …          …          …       …      …      …      …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
      $  …       $  …       $  —       $  …  )    …      —             …    
                                          …       …                         
                                                                            
         …          …          …          …       …      —             …    
                                          …  )    …                         
         …          …          …          …       …      —             …    
         …          …          …          —              —             …    
         …          …          …          …  )    …      —             …    
                                          …  )    …                         
         —          …  )       …          —              —             —    
         —          …          …  )       —              —             —    
         …          …          …          …  )           —             …    
         …          …  )       …  )       …              —             …    
                                                                            
         …  )       —          …  )       …       …      …      …      …    
         —          …  )       …          —              —             —    
         —          …          …  )       —              —             —    
         …  )       —          …  )       —              —             …    
         …  )       …  )       …          …              …             …    
         …          …  )       —          …              …             …    
         …          …  )       —          …       …      …      …      …    
         …          …  )       —          …              …             …    
         …          —          —          —              —             …    
      $  …       $  …  )    $  —       $  …              …             …    
                                                                            
      $  …                                                             …    
      $  …                                                             …    
                                                                            
      $  …                                                             …    
      $  …                                                             …    
                                                                            
         …                                                             …    
         …                                                             …    
                                                                            
F-190

APPLOVIN CORPORATION NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 1. Description of the MZ Acquisition On May 19,
2020, AppLovin acquired Machine Zone, a privately held company specializing
in mobile gaming. The Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of Machine Zone and settled all Machine Zone debt for an
aggregate acquisition price of $328.6 million comprising $287.1 million cash
paid to Machine Zone lenders, common stock warrants issued to Machine Zone
lenders and preferred stockholders with the aggregate fair value of $38.2
million and a settlement of the preexisting accounts receivable balance of
$3.3 million. The transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps
portfolio and has been accounted for as a business combination in accordance
with ASC 805, Business Combinations. Transaction costs incurred by AppLovin
in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were $2.8
million. The results of operations for Machine Zone are included in
AppLovin’s consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date
through December 31, 2020, accordingly. For purposes of this pro forma
analysis, the above total purchase price has been allocated as follows based
on an estimate of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired as of
May 19, 2020 (in millions):
                                                           
  Cash                                       $    37.8     
  Accounts receivable and other current           27.3     
  assets                                                   
  Intangible Assets                                        
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 10           13.0     
  years                                                    
  Apps—estimated useful life of 3-5 years        272.0     
  IP license—estimated life of 2 years            28.6     
  Goodwill                                        82.4     
  Right-of-use assets under                      125.6     
  operating leases                                         
  Property, equipment and other tangible          42.3     
  assets                                                   
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities          (81.6  )  
  and other liabilities                                    
  Deferred revenue                               (43.2  )  
  License obligations                            (35.7  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                   (139.9  )  
  Total purchase consideration               $   328.6     
                                                           
This purchase price allocation has been used to prepare the transaction and
other accounting adjustments in the unaudited pro forma combined statement
of operations. MZ Debt Financing: In connection with the MZ Acquisition, in
May 2020, AppLovin borrowed an additional $300.0 million under the Amended
Credit Agreement (the “Debt Financing Adjustment for MZ” in our unaudited
pro forma condensed combined statement of operations), on substantially the
same terms applicable to the existing term loan, with the exception of 1)
the quarterly payment, which is equal to 0.25% of the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of the Debt Financing Adjustment for MZ, and 2) the
applicable margin, which is equal to 4.00% in the case of LIBOR rate loans
and 3.00% in the case of base rate loans. In connection with the Debt
Financing Adjustment for MZ, AppLovin paid $1.5 million in fees to an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. F-191

2. Description of the Adjust Acquisition On April 20, 2021, AppLovin
acquired Adjust, a mobile application tracking and analytics company. The
Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of
Adjust and settled all Adjust’s debt for the stated purchase consideration
of $980 million which was comprised of $352 million stated value of
Convertible Security convertible into a variable number shares of AppLovin
common stock at the variable conversion price, $50 million of the cash
holdback amount and remaining amount in cash consideration. Fair value of
the Convertible Security and of the cash holdback is estimated to be $342.2
million and $47.6 million, respectively. As such, the fair value of the
acquisition consideration is determined to be $967.8 million. The
transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been
accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805, Business
Combinations. Transaction costs amounting $4.1 million were not part of the
acquisition price and are expensed in the Company’s consolidated statement
of operations on the Adjust Acquisition Date. For purposes of this pro forma
analysis, the above total purchase price has been allocated as follows based
on an estimate of the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired as of
April 20, 2021 (in millions):
                                                           
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $   12.2     
  Accounts receivable and other current           21.8     
  assets                                                   
  Intangible assets                                        
  Trade name                                       8.0     
  Customer relationships                         155.0     
  Technology                                      77.0     
  Goodwill                                       773.0     
  Operating lease right-of-use                     8.1     
  assets                                                   
  Property and equipment, net                      1.9     
  Finance lease right-of-use assets               43.2     
  Other assets                                     3.2     
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities       (15.5  )  
  Deferred revenue                                (5.6  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                     (8.1  )  
  Finance lease liabilities                      (43.2  )  
  Deferred income tax liability                  (63.2  )  
  Total purchase consideration                $  967.8     
                                                           
Adjust Debt Financing: In connection with the Adjust acquisition, in March
2021, AppLovin borrowed an additional $300.0 million under the Amended
Credit Agreement on substantially the same terms applicable to the existing
term loan and $250.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility (the “Debt
Financing Adjustment” in our pro forma condensed combined balance sheet and
our pro forma condensed combined statement of operations). In connection
with the Debt Financing, AppLovin paid $0.8 million in fees to an affiliate
of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. 3. Pro forma
adjustments The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of
operations have been prepared to illustrate the effect of the Transaction
and related transactions and has been prepared for informational purposes
only. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations
have been prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-Xand
reflects the adoption of Release No. 33-10786. F-192

Adjustments to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Statement of Operations The
adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operation for the year ended as of December 31, 2020, are as follows:
                                                                            
          Represents reclassification of $17.9 million from separate MZ     
  (AA)    Depreciation and Amortization line to Cost of                     
          revenue, Sales and marketing, Research and development and to     
          General and administrative.                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents elimination of the intercompany revenues and expenses  
          between AppLovin and Machine Zone during historical               
  (BB)    pre-acquisition period from January 1, 2020 to May 19, 2020.      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents amortization expense of $23.6 million related to the   
          fair value of acquired Machine Zone identifiable                  
          intangible assets, net of the amortization expense already        
          reflected in actual historical results. While $23.1 million of    
          amortization expense related to the acquired developed Apps       
          intangible assets is recognized as Cost of revenue expense        
  (CC)    based on an estimated weighted average useful life of 4 years,    
          the remaining $0.5 million amortization expense related to the    
          acquired tradename intangible asset is recognized as Sales and    
          marketing expense based on an estimated useful life of            
          10 years. The amortization of the intangible assets is based on   
          a straight-line amortization method as this represents            
          management’s best estimate of the pattern of utilization for the  
          intangible assets.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents the impact of new compensation arrangements entered    
          into contemporaneously with the MZ Acquisition on the             
          pre-acquisition period results from January 1, 2020 to May 19,    
  (DD)    2020.                                                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents a decrease in interest expense (including              
  (EE)    amortization of debt related paid-in-kind interest, discounts     
          and fees) of $112.5 million related to Machine Zone debt settled  
          as part of the MZ Acquisition.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents a decrease in other income of $1.7 million to          
  (FF)    eliminate fair value adjustments related to Machine               
          Zone’s liability classified warrants for the historical           
          pre-acquisition period from January 1, 2020 to May 19, 2020.      
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents tax effect of the Transaction Accounting Adjustments   
  (GG)    above at the blended federal and state statutory rate of          
          approximately 22.94%.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents an increase in interest expense (including             
          amortization of debt related discounts and fees) of               
          $6.5 million during the pre-acquisition period from January 1,    
          2020 to May 19, 2020 in connection with AppLovin’s new debt       
  (HH)    financing effective January 1, 2020. A one-eighth percent change  
          in the interest rate of the AppLovin’s debt financing would       
          result in an increase or a decrease in the pro forma interest     
          expense by $0.4 million for the year ended                        
          December 31, 2020.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents tax effect of the debt financing adjustment above at   
  (II)    the blended federal and state statutory rate of                   
          approximately 22.94%.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents the additional 4.2 million warrants with a nominal     
          exercise price to purchase AppLovin’s                             
          Class A common stock issued as part of the MZ Acquisition on May  
  (JJ)    19, 2020.                                                         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (KK)    Reflects reclassification of certain Adjust expenses to comply    
          with AppLovin presentation.                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (LL)    Represents elimination of the intercompany revenues and expenses  
          between AppLovin and Adjust.                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Reflects impact of a decrease in Adjust deferred revenue balance  
  (MM)    due to its recognition at fair value in the acquisition           
          accounting.                                                       
                                                                            
F-193
                                                                            
          Represents an increase in amortization expense of $11.2 million   
  (NN)    for the year ended December 31, 2020 and $3.4                     
          million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 related to   
          the fair value of the acquired Adjust technology.                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents an increase in amortization expense of $12.7 million   
          for the year ended December 31, 2020 and $3.8                     
  (OO)    million for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 related to   
          the fair value of the acquired Adjust customer relationships and  
          trade name.                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents $10.0 million non-recurring payment to Adjust CEO in   
          connection                                                        
          with the Adjust Acquisition. The condensed combined statement of  
  (PP)    operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 was       
          adjusted to eliminate $10.0 million non-recurring payment to      
          Adjust CEO recorded in AppLovin’s interim consolidated            
          statement of operations.                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (QQ)    Represents adjustment for transaction costs incurred in           
          connection with the Adjust Acquisition.                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Reflects a decrease in interest expense of $4.3 million for the   
          year ended December 31, 2020 and $2.5 million                     
  (RR)    for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 related to Adjust    
          pre-acquisition debt since it was fully repaid as a result of     
          the Adjust Acquisition.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents tax effect of the Transaction Accounting Adjustments   
  (SS)    LL through RR at the blended federal and state statutory          
          rate of approximately 22.94%.                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Reflects an increase in interest expense related to AppLovin      
          debt financing related to the Adjust Acquisition. A one-eighth    
          percent change in the interest rate would result in an increase   
  (TT)    or a decrease in the pro forma interest expense by $0.7 million   
          for the year ended December 31, 2020 and $0.2 million for the     
          nine                                                              
          months ended September 30, 2021.                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
          Represents tax effect of the debt financing adjustment above at   
  (UU)    the blended federal and state statutory rate of                   
          approximately 22.94%.                                             
                                                                            
F-194

APPLOVIN
