                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3)
Registration No. 333-272328 This preliminary prospectus supplement
relates to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933 but is not complete and may be changed. This
preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus
are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting an
offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer
or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION PRELIMINARY
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 20, 2024 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT
(To Prospectus dated June 1, 2023) $ AppLovin Corporation $ %
Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20 $ % Senior Notes due 20
$ % Senior Notes due 20 AppLovin Corporation (the “issuer”) is
offering $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20 (the
“20 notes”), $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due 20
(the “20 notes”), $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes
due 20 (the “20 notes”) and $ aggregate principal amount of %
Senior Notes due 20 (the “20 notes,” and collectively with the 20
notes, the 20 notes and the 20 notes, the “notes”). We may, at our
option, redeem the notes in whole or in part at any time or from
time to time at the redemption prices described under “Description
of notes—Optional redemption,” which includes accrued and unpaid
interest thereon, if any, to, but not including, the applicable
redemption date. Upon the occurrence of a “change of control
repurchase event,” the holders of the notes may require us to
repurchase all or part of their notes at a repurchase price in cash
equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes to be
repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such notes to,
but excluding, the repurchase date. See “Description of
notes—Purchase of notes upon a change of control repurchase event.”
We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to repay in
full each of our senior secured term loan facility due 2028 (the
“2028 Term Loan Facility”) and our senior secured term loan
facility due 2030 (the “2030 Term Loan Facility” and together with
the 2028 Term Loan Facility, the “Term Loan Facilities”) and, to
the extent of any remaining net proceeds, for general corporate
purposes. See “Use of proceeds.” The notes will be our senior
unsecured obligations and will not be guaranteed by any of our
subsidiaries. The notes will rank equally in right of payment with
all our future senior, unsecured indebtedness and any indebtedness
we may incur from time to time under the New Credit Agreement. The
notes will effectively rank junior to all our future secured
indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing
such indebtedness and will be structurally subordinated to all of
the existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our
subsidiaries. The notes will be issued in minimum denominations of
$2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. The
notes will not be listed on any securities exchange or automated
dealer quotation system and there are no existing trading markets
for the notes. Investing in the notes involves risks. See the risks
described under the heading “ Risk Factors” beginning on page
S-15of this prospectus supplement and under the heading “Risk
Factors” in our periodic reports that we file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission before investing in the notes.
                                                                   
      …               …               …               …            
      …               …               …               …            
      …          …    …          …    …          …    …            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
         %    $          %    $          %    $          %    $    
         %    $          %    $          %    $          %    $    
         %    $          %    $          %    $          %    $    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  (1)  Plus accrued interest, if any, from    , 2024, if           
       settlement occurs after that date.                          
                                                                   
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
securities commission has approved or disapproved of the notes or
determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying
prospectus to which it relates is truthful or complete. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
underwriters expect to deliver the notes in book-entry form through
the facilities of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) on or about
, 2024, which is the business day following the date of this
prospectus supplement (this settlement cycle is referred to as “T+
” ). See “Underwriting.” Joint book-running managers
                                                    
  J.P. Morgan    BofA Securities    Morgan Stanley  
                                                    
The date of this prospectus supplement is November , 2024.
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement
                                                          
  About This Prospectus Supplement                 S-ii   
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking        S-iii  
  Statements                                              
  Summary                                          S-1    
  Risk Factors                                     S-15   
  Use Of Proceeds                                  S-20   
  Capitalization                                   S-21   
  Description Of Other Indebtedness                S-22   
  Description Of Notes                             S-24   
  Certain United States Federal Income Tax         S-45   
  Considerations                                          
  Underwriting                                     S-50   
  Legal Matters                                    S-55   
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    S-55   
  Where You Can Find Additional Information        S-56   
  Incorporation By Reference                       S-56   
                                                          
Prospectus
                                             
  About This Prospectus                  ii  
  Prospectus Summary                      1  
  Risk Factors                            4  
  Forward-Looking Statements              4  
  Use of Proceeds                         5  
  Description of Securities               5  
  Description of Capital Stock            5  
  Description of Debt Securities          5  
  Description of Depositary Shares       13  
  Description of Warrants                16  
  Description of Subscription Rights     17  
  Description of Purchase Contracts      18  
  Description of Units                   19  
  Selling Securityholders                19  
  Plan of Distribution                   19  
  Legal Matters                          21  
  Experts                                22  
  Where You Can Find More Information    22  
  Incorporation by Reference             22  
                                             
S-i
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT

This document consists of two parts. The first part is this
prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of the
notes we are
offering and other matters relating to us. The second part is the
accompanying prospectus, which provides more general information
about the securities we may offer from time to time, some of which
may not apply to this offering of notes. This
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are part of a
registration statement that we filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using the SEC’s shelf registration
rules. You should read both this
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, together
with the documents incorporated by reference and the additional
information described under the headings “Where You Can Find
Additional Information” in this prospectus
supplement and “Where You Can Find More Information” and
“Incorporation by Reference” in the accompanying prospectus before
making an investment decision.

To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained
in this prospectus supplement, on the one hand, and the information
contained in the accompanying prospectus, on the other hand, the
information contained in this prospectus supplement shall control.
If any statement in this prospectus supplement conflicts with any
statement in a document that has been incorporated
herein by reference, then you should consider only the statement in
the more recent document. You should assume that the information
contained in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying
prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference is
accurate only as of their respective dates.

We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized any person
to provide you with any
information or to make any representation other than as contained
in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any
free writing prospectus to which we have referred you and the
information incorporated by reference in such
documents. We and the underwriters do not take any responsibility
for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any
information that others may provide you. The information appearing
or incorporated by reference in this prospectus
supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any free writing
prospectus to which we have referred you is accurate only as of the
date of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus or
any such free writing prospectus or the date of the
document in which incorporated information appears unless otherwise
noted in such documents. Our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates.

Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise
requires, all references in this prospectus supplement to
“AppLovin,” the
“issuer,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to AppLovin
Corporation and its subsidiaries. References to “securities”
include any security that we might offer under this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus. References to “$” and
“dollars” are to United States dollars. References to “GAAP” are to
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

The distribution of this prospectus supplement, the accompanying
prospectus and any free writing prospectus to which we have
referred you and
the offering of the notes in certain jurisdictions may be
restricted by law. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making
an offer of the notes in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale
is not permitted. Persons who come into possession of
this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any
free writing prospectus to which we have referred you should inform
themselves about and observe any such restrictions. This prospectus
supplement, the accompanying prospectus and any
such free writing prospectus do not constitute, and may not be used
in connection with, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any
jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized
or in which the person making such offer or
solicitation is not qualified to do so or to any person to whom it
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.

S-ii
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference
herein include “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of
the federal securities laws. All statements contained in this
prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference,
other than statements of historical fact, including statements
regarding our future results of operations and financial position,
our business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future
operations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements generally relate to future events or our future
financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements because they contain words such as
“may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,”
“intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue” or the negative
of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern
our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus supplement include, but are
not limited to, statements about our expectations regarding:
                                                                   
       our future financial performance, including our             
  •    expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, and    
       operating expenses, and our ability to achieve or maintain  
       future profitability;                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet    
       our liquidity needs;                                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our ability to maintain the security and availability of    
       our AppLovin Software Platform and AppLovin Apps;           
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our expectations regarding the effects of existing and      
  •    developing laws and regulations, including with respect     
       to taxation, privacy, data protection and AI;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our ability to attract and retain employees and key         
       personnel;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our expectations regarding the macroeconomic environment,   
       inflation and high interest rates, uncertainty in           
  •    the global banking and financial services markets,          
       political uncertainty and international conflicts around    
       the world;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our ability to successfully expand our AI capabilities to   
  •    support the further development of our Software             
       Platform, including our advertising recommendation engine,  
       AXON;                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our            
       intellectual property;                                      
                                                                   
                                                                 
  •    our ability to manage risk associated with our business;  
                                                                 
                                                                   
  •    the demand for our AppLovin Software Platform and AppLovin  
       Apps;                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our expectations concerning relationships with third        
       parties;                                                    
                                                                   
                                                             
  •    our ability to attract and retain clients and users;  
                                                             
                                                                   
       our ability to develop new products, features, and          
  •    enhancements for our AppLovin Software Platform and to      
       launch or acquire new AppLovin Apps and successfully        
       monetize them;                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our ability to compete with existing and new competitors    
       in existing and new markets and offerings;                  
                                                                   
                                                             
  •    our ability to successfully expand into new markets;  
                                                             
                                                                   
       our ability to successfully acquire and integrate           
  •    companies and assets and to expand and diversify our        
       operations through strategic acquisitions and               
       partnerships;                                               
                                                                   
                                                             
  •    our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;  
                                                             
                                                          
  •    our expectations and management of future growth;  
                                                          
                                                                   
  •    our expectations regarding our share repurchase program,    
       including future amounts available for repurchase;          
                                                                   
                                                      
  •    our ability to develop and protect our brand;  
                                                      
S-iii
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                          
  •    the effects of this offering; and  
                                          
                                                                   
  •    the anticipated use of the net proceeds from this           
       offering.                                                   
                                                                   
We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the
forward-looking statements made in this prospectus supplement and
the documents incorporated by reference herein. Additionally, there
may be other risks that are otherwise described from time to time
in the reports that we file with the SEC. You should not rely upon
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have
based the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus
supplement and the documents incorporated by reference herein
primarily on our expectations and projections about future events
and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the
events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to
risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including those described
in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this
prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference
herein. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly
changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time
to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and
uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus supplement and the
documents incorporated by reference herein. We cannot assure you
that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the
forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual
results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from
those described in the forward-looking statements. Neither we nor
any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover,
the forward-looking statements made in this prospectus supplement
and the documents incorporated by reference herein relate only to
events as of the date on which the statements are made. We
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
made in this prospectus supplement to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this prospectus supplement or to
reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events,
except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans,
intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking
statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-
looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect
the potential impact of any future acquisitions, partnerships,
mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make.
These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are
cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. TRADEMARKS We
have proprietary rights to trademarks, service marks and trade
names used or incorporated by reference in this prospectus
supplement, which are important to our business and protected
through applicable intellectual property laws. Solely for
convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names used in this
prospectus supplement or in the documents incorporated herein by
reference may appear without the “ ®” or “TM” symbols, but such
references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will
not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law,
our rights or the rights of the applicable third parties to whom
certain of our intellectual property rights are licensed. We do not
intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names,
trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or
endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. Each
trademark, trade name or service mark of any other company
appearing in this prospectus supplement or the documents
incorporated herein by reference is the property of its respective
holder. S-iv
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
NON-GAAPFINANCIAL MEASURES

This prospectus supplement includes certain financial measures,
including Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin and Free Cash
Flow (each, as
defined herein), that, in each case, are not recognized under GAAP.
Management utilizes these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate
financial performance against budgeted amounts, to calculate
incentive
compensation, to assist in forecasting future performance and to
compare our results to those of our competitors. We believe these
non-GAAP financial measures provide useful supplemental information
to
investors and allow for greater transparency, facilitate
comparisons to our prior periods and to our competitors’ results
and assist in forecasting performance for future periods.

It is important to note that non-GAAP financial measures have
limitations as analytical tools and
should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Further, there are
no specific rules or regulations for determining non-GAAP financial
measures, and
as such, the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this
prospectus supplement may not be directly comparable to similarly
titled measures presented by other companies. Investors should
carefully review the
reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measures and the
specific adjustments made by management to derive the non-GAAP
measures. See “Summary—Non-GAAP
financial measures.” Investors are encouraged to review this
information carefully and consider it alongside the GAAP measures
presented for a more comprehensive understanding of the Company’s
financial performance.

S-v
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
SUMMARY This summary highlights information included or
incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus. Because this is only a summary, it does
not contain all of the information that may be important to you.
For a more complete understanding of our business and financial
affairs, you should read this entire prospectus supplement,
including our consolidated financial statements and the related
notes thereto, the section titled “Risk factors,” our Annual
Report on Form 10-Kfor the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023,
including the section titled “Risk Factors,” our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Qfor the periods ended March 31, 2024, June
30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, including the sections therein
titled “Risk Factors,” and our consolidated financial statements
and the related notes thereto, which Annual Report and Quarterly
Reports are incorporated by reference in this prospectus
supplement, and the other documents incorporated by reference in
this prospectus supplement, before making a decision whether to
invest in the notes. Overview Our mission is to create meaningful
connections between companies and their ideal customers. Our
software platform provides end-to-endsoftware and artificial
intelligence-powered (“AI”) solutions for businesses to reach,
monetize and grow their global audience (“Software Platform”). We
also operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps (“Apps”). Our
scaled business model sits at the nexus of the advertising
ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive advantage that has
fueled our clients’ success and our strong growth. AppLovin is
critical to the success of advertisers seeking to solve marketing
and monetization challenges. Through our technologies and scaled
distribution, advertisers are able to better place content so
that it is discovered by the right audience, manage, optimize,
and analyze their marketing investments, and improve the
monetization of their content. Our Software Platform includes a
comprehensive suite of tools including:
                                                                   
       AppDiscovery, our marketing software solution, is the       
       cornerstone of our Software Platform, augmented by our      
       rapidly growing MAX monetization solution. AppDiscovery is  
  •    powered by AXON, our AI-powered advertising engine, and     
       matches advertiser demand with publisher supply through     
       auctions at vast scale and at                               
       microsecond-level speeds.                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       MAX is our monetization solution, utilizing an advanced     
       in-app bidding                                              
  •    technology that optimizes the value of a publisher’s        
       advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive    
       auction, driving more competition, and higher returns for   
       publishers.                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Adjust is our measurement and analytics marketing platform  
  •    which provides marketers with the visibility,               
       insights, and data needed to scale their apps marketing     
       and drive more informed results.                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Wurl is our connected TV (“CTV”) platform that both         
  •    distributes streaming video for content                     
       companies and provides advanced advertising and publishing  
       solutions to attract viewers and maximize revenue.          
                                                                   
We generate our revenue from our Software Platform and our Apps.
As more advertisers use our Software Platform to market and
monetize their content, we gain access to more data regarding
users and user engagement, further strengthening our scaled
distribution. As our distribution grows, we gain better insights
for our AXON recommendation engine, which then further enhances
our Software Platform. Our Apps consist of a globally diversified
portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games across five
genres, run by ten studios, some of which we own and others that
we partner with. Our studios generally focus on the development
of easy to learn and play games, which appeal to a broad range of
demographics, but our portfolio also includes several games for
other genres.

S-1
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
We report our operating results through two reportable segments:
Software Platform and Apps. These segments align with how our
Chief Operating Decision Maker allocates resources, makes
operating decisions, and manages and assesses the performance of
our business. AppLovin Software Platform Our comprehensive, end-
to-endSoftware Platform delivers value by helping companies scale
their businesses and maximize their revenue. Specifically, our
Software Platform, which is powered by AXON, our AI-
basedrecommendation engine, enables advertisers to automate their
marketing, engagement, and monetization efforts in three core
ways. First, we provide marketing technology that allows
advertisers to reach more of the most suitable users with
personalized content in order to increase the number of users who
download and engage with their content. Second, we provide
advertisers with monetization and analytics technology to
maximize the value of their advertising inventory by obtaining a
high price for each impression. Third, we provide developers a
set of capabilities to optimize their apps and help streamline
their businesses. Additionally, we have entered the CTV
advertising market with the integration of Wurl. Our Software
Platform also enables publishers to leverage real-time auctions
that optimize the value for each impression, while simultaneously
enabling them to attain an attractive value for each of the
impressions from their advertising inventory. When these mutually
reinforcing elements of our Software Platform are combined, it
creates a robust and successful marketing and monetization engine
that both sells attractive advertising inventory to advertisers
while monetizing it for publishers. Our Software Platform is
delivered through an integrated and seamless user interface,
which provides the following benefits to advertisers:
                                                                   
       Reach and attract users at scale: Our Software Platform     
       reaches approximately 1.4 billion users                     
  •    per day, enabling developers to target and find the right   
       users for their content worldwide. Advertisers are able to  
       set their user acquisition and revenue goals to target the  
       most relevant, highest value users.                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Maximize monetization of engagement: Advertisers use our    
       Software Platform to generate incremental                   
  •    revenue by maximizing the monetization of their ad          
       inventory. Our tools operate at microsecond-level speeds    
       and at vast scale to enhance monetization for developers    
       while preserving the end user experience.                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Leverage proprietary data and insights: Advertisers         
       benefit from accessing comprehensive real-time              
  •    insights through our customized user dashboards, helping    
       them optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and       
       manage their return on investment.                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Automate time consuming and manual processes: Our Software  
       Platform automates marketing and                            
  •    monetization, allowing advertisers to focus on improving    
       their content rather than managing complex go-to-market     
       processes manually.                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation: Our Software       
       Platform is continuously updated as the                     
       advertising ecosystem evolves. Advertisers on our Software  
  •    Platform benefit from this ongoing advancement and          
       optimization and are able to rapidly adapt to industry      
       changes in marketing and monetization without losing focus  
       on content creation.                                        
                                                                   
S-2
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Our Software Platform is primarily made up of four key solutions:
AppDiscovery, MAX, Adjust, and Wurl. AppDiscovery: AppDiscovery
is a suite of marketing solutions that enables developers to
automate, optimize, and manage their marketing efforts.
AppDiscovery is powered by AXON’s predictive algorithms to enable
advertisers to match their apps to users that are more likely to
download them. This form of personalized advertising focuses on
the end user, enabling the advertisers to find the right users
and delivering to users more of what they are likely to be
interested in. Advertisers are not only able to attract users
that download, but also find a high volume of users that stay and
engage with their apps for greater retention and ultimately,
increased opportunities for better monetization. Revenue from
AppDiscovery comprises a vast majority of revenue from our
Software Platform. With AppDiscovery, advertisers can define the
framework of their campaigns in the following ways:
                                                                   
       Reach: Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay    
  •    to acquire their target users. Our technology               
       finds the users at that value who are most likely to        
       download and engage with the app.                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Global scale: Advertisers can choose to connect with users  
  •    in different regions around the world, and                  
       our technology suggests the best locations based on their   
       parameters.                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Retain and engage: Our system is built around optimizing    
       to the advertisers revenue so our algorithms                
       automatically adjust based on the likelihood users will     
  •    engage. Our clients can analyze by retention periods from   
       initial app download onwards, so that advertisers           
       understand the effectiveness of their marketing             
       investments.                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Targeted returns: Advertisers set their goals and target    
  •    return on ad sales and our algorithms adjust                
       cost and campaign specifics to meet them.                   
                                                                   
AppDiscovery includes the following features:
                                                                   
       Advanced campaign management: An interface to create,       
  •    manage, and automatically optimize campaigns                
       based on return on ad sales goals.                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Real-time analytics: An interface to see results and        
  •    optimize against them with our ROI-based analytics          
       environment.                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Lifetime Value (“LTV”) reporting: A tool that breaks down   
       campaign results by source and                              
  •    location, allowing advertisers to make real-time, informed  
       decisions about the value and longevity of their            
       campaigns.                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       High quality and quantity creatives: Advertisers can make   
  •    and test as many creatives as needed. They                  
       also have access to our in-house creative team, SparkLabs,  
       for expert ad creation and testing strategies.              
                                                                   
MAX: MAX is our in-appbidding software that optimizes the value
of publishers’ advertising inventory by running a single
unbiased, real-time competitive auction, driving more competition
and higher returns for publishers. MAX auctions are more
effective than historical tools and approaches because MAX yields
more targeted users for

S-3
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
advertisers and enables publishers to achieve better competitive
prices for each impression. Many developers who integrate MAX
have experienced a measurable increase in their average revenue
per daily active user (“ARPDAU”) over traditional monetization
tools and save countless hours because they are able to automate
manual monetization work through its advanced feature set. As a
result, MAX has become the preferred in-appbidding solution for
many publishers worldwide, helping drive meaningful growth and
momentum for AppLovin. MAX includes the following features:
                                                                   
       Advanced in-app bidding technology: MAX’s competitive       
       auctions happen in real time with most bidding platforms    
       in the industry bidding simultaneously for developers’      
  •    inventory at high volume. The competitive global demand     
       helps maximize average revenue per user on each impression  
       with many                                                   
       developers experiencing a measurable increase when moving   
       to MAX.                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    Automated monetization: MAX saves developers time through   
       its extensive suite of APIs for automation.                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Ad quality assurance and review: MAX drives superior user   
  •    experience with exclusive features that                     
       automatically flag risky content to keep developers’        
       brands safe.                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Powerful insights: MAX helps developers better understand   
  •    the LTV for each user and increase revenue to               
       maximize yield for each ad opportunity.                     
                                                                   
Adjust Adjust is our measurement and analytics marketing platform
which provides the visibility, insights, and tools marketers need
to grow their apps from early stage to maturity. Our software-as-
a-service(“SaaS”) platform is an end-to-endsolution for
optimizing ad performance and maximizing returns, powered by
accurate attribution data and in-depthreporting that are
essential for meeting business goals. Adjust allows clients to
better understand their users’ journey while allowing marketers
to make smarter decisions through measurement, attribution, and
fraud prevention. The Adjust product solutions allow customers to
benefit from the following key features:
                                                                   
       Impact through measurement: Drive results faster with       
  •    accurate, timely measurement on marketing and ad            
       spend across channels.                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Insights through real-time data and reports: Easily share   
  •    timely, actionable insights with stakeholders               
       to drive their business forward.                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Strategic growth with automated attribution solutions:      
  •    Scale profits with automated solutions that                 
       attribute sources and help customers work smarter and       
       accomplish more.                                            
                                                                   
Wurl Wurl is our connected TV (“CTV”) platform which distributes
streaming video for content companies and provides advertising
and publishing solutions to maximize advertising revenue, grow
their CTV viewership, and strengthen their brand value. Wurl
focuses on driving the streaming industry forward with market-
leading solutions that help connect the right viewers to the
right content. It brings data-driven advertising and measurement
to Connected TV. The technology helps companies engage with the
highest-value viewers, and ultimately increase their revenue.
Wurl has built the following products to meet their customers’
needs:
                                                                   
       AdPool: is a monetization solution that connects CTV        
  •    supply with top advertisers and access to                   
       exclusive demand.                                           
                                                                   
S-4
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       ContentDiscovery: is an advertising solution that grows     
  •    audiences, increases engagement, and reduces                
       churn for streaming platforms and apps.                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Global FAST Pass (GFP): is a distribution solution that     
  •    makes it easy to launch Free Ad-supported Streaming TV      
       channels.                                                   
                                                                   
AppLovin Apps Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified
portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games across five
genres, run by ten studios located worldwide with a deep bench of
talented developers. Our studios have developed and published
games across a number of genres including: casual, match-three,
card/casino, midcore, and hyper-casual. A large portion of our
portfolio are casual, match-three and card/casino games that have
a lower risk of development and generally have more predictable
revenue streams and return. These games can be played a few
minutes at a time and appeal to a wide range of users across many
highly attractive demographics. Our studios leverage live ops to
quickly iterate and increase in-gamemonetization by optimizing
app economies and improving in-gameconversion on items and
offers. The studios operating our portfolio of Apps utilize our
Software Platform to market, scale, and monetize our Apps. Our
Strategy for Growth We have a comprehensive strategy to continue
our growth and further enhance our market position in the
advertising ecosystem.
                                                                   
       Existing market expansion: We continue to have an           
  •    attractive market opportunity within our current            
       mobile app segment, which we intend to address through the  
       optimization of our Software Platform.                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Enhance and extend AI-based technologies: As we increase    
       our                                                         
  •    scale and reach, we benefit from compounding improvements   
       to AXON, our AI-powered advertising engine, which in turn   
       improves the efficacy and growth of our Software Platform   
       solutions.                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       New market expansion: We are confident our technology and   
  •    expertise are applicable to other market                    
       segments and geographies we do not currently address,       
       including:                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Non-gaming mobile app segments and industries: One of our   
  •    long-term objectives is to provide critical tools to        
       mobile app developers across multiple verticals,            
       including, for example, e-commerce and social media.        
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Other content industries: We believe our deep expertise     
       and capabilities will allow us to successfully              
       apply our solutions to tangential sectors, including with   
       mobile OEMs and carriers through our Array product          
  •    initiative, as well as the growing CTV industry through     
       our 2022 acquisition of Wurl, LLC. We continue to expand    
       our CTV business through                                    
       the addition of new content advertisers and supply          
       channels as well as through the application of AXON to      
       CTV.                                                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Industry partnerships: We plan to further invest in our     
  •    sales and marketing teams to increase                       
       penetration among new and existing clients, including in    
       expansion markets we are targeting.                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Attracting and retaining the best talent: Our employees     
       are at the core of our technology and success.              
  •    We intend to continue to invest in attracting and           
       retaining exceptional talent who share our values and will  
       drive our future growth.                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Pursue strategic investments and partnerships: Given our    
       proven track record in strategic transactions,              
       and our long-standing relationships with key industry       
  •    players, we have earned a reputation as a partner of        
       choice, and will continue to consider and leverage          
       strategic acquisitions, partnerships, and investment        
       opportunities to accelerate our                             
       growth.                                                     
                                                                   
S-5
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Our Customers and Developer Community Our globally diverse
customers range from the largest enterprises to small and
independent businesses and individuals across a variety of
industries. Our customers comprise multiple groups within the
advertising ecosystem including advertisers leveraging our
platform to find users and advertising networks using our
mediation solution to purchase advertising inventory. Our Apps
also work with advertising networks who purchase advertising
inventory and consumers who purchase in-appproducts. We also work
with the mobile app publisher community who leverage our
mediation solution to monetize their inventory. The scale and
breadth of our customers in terms of size and industry provides
us with a competitive advantage. Competition We operate in a
fragmented advertising ecosystem composed of divisions of large,
well-established companies as well as privately-held companies.
The large companies in our advertising and mobile app ecosystems
may play multiple different roles given the breadth of their
businesses.
                                                                   
       Advertisers typically engage with several advertising       
       platforms and networks to purchase advertisements on        
       mobile apps, devices, and on CTV, looking to optimize       
       their marketing investments. Such advertising platform      
  •    companies vary in size and include players such as          
       Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software, as well as    
       various private companies.                                  
       Several of these platforms, including Facebook, Google,     
       Amazon, and Unity Software, are also our partners and       
       clients.                                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       There are many companies that develop online and mobile     
       games and other mobile apps. The larger gaming              
       companies in our gaming ecosystem include Activision        
       Blizzard (Microsoft), Tencent, and Zynga (Take-Two          
  •    Interactive), as well as other public and private           
       companies. Many of these companies are also our             
       partners and clients. We also expect new developers to      
       enter the market and existing companies to allocate more    
       resources to develop and market more mobile games and       
       apps.                                                       
                                                                   
We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market
are:
                                                                   
  •    the ability to enhance and improve technologies and         
       offerings;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    knowledge, expertise, and experience in the advertising     
       ecosystem;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    relationships with third parties in the advertising         
       ecosystem;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                 
  •    the ability to reach and target a large number of users;  
                                                                 
                                                                   
  •    the ability to identify and execute on strategic            
       transactions;                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the ability to successfully launch and monetize mobile      
       apps;                                                       
                                                                   
                                                      
  •    the pricing and perceived value of offerings;  
                                                      
                                  
  •    brand and reputation; and  
                                  
                                                              
  •    ability to expand into new offerings and geographies.  
                                                              
We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors.
Company information We were incorporated under the laws of the
state of Delaware in July 2011. Our principal executive offices
are located at 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304,
and our telephone number is (800) 839-9646.Our website address is
www.applovin.com. The information contained on, or that can be
accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference
into, and is not a part of, this prospectus.

S-6
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Recent Developments

Concurrent Refinancing Transaction

Our existing credit agreement, with Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent, and certain other financial institutions,
as lenders (the
“Existing Credit Agreement”), includes a $1,463.75 million senior
secured term loan facility, maturing in October 2028 (the “2028
Term Loan Facility”), a $2,092.50 million senior secured term
loan facility, maturing in
August 2030 (the “2030 Term Loan Facility”), and a revolving
credit facility providing for borrowings up to $610 million, with
commitments expiring and loans maturing in June 2028 (the
“Secured Revolving Credit Facility”).

We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering to repay in
full each of our 2028 Term Loan Facility and 2030 Term Loan
Facility and,
to the extent of any remaining net proceeds, for general
corporate purposes. We intend to terminate the Secured Revolving
Credit Facility in connection with the closing of this offering.
See “Use of proceeds.”

In addition, concurrently with the closing of the offering of the
notes, we expect to enter into a new credit agreement, with
JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and certain financial
institutions, as lenders (the “New Credit Agreement”), which will
include a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility providing
for borrowings up to $1,000 million, (the
“Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility”) for which we have received
customary syndication commitments from the lenders for the full
amount of the revolving credit facility (the “Concurrent
Refinancing Transaction”). Following the
Concurrent Refinancing Transactions, we expect all amounts owed
under the Existing Credit Agreement will be repaid in full and
all commitments with respect thereof shall have been terminated
and all guarantees and liens in respect thereof shall have
been released.

The offering of the notes is not conditioned upon the termination
of the Secured Revolving Credit Facility or the entry
into the New Credit Agreement.

S-7
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
The Offering The following is a brief summary of certain terms of
this offering. For a more complete description of the terms of
the securities offered hereby, see the “Description of notes”
section in this prospectus supplement.
                                                         
  Issuer  AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation.  
                                                         
                                                                   
                 $    aggregate principal amount of   % senior     
  Notes offered  notes due 20  (the                                
                 “20  notes”).                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
  $    aggregate principal amount of   % senior notes due 20       
  (the                                                             
  “20  notes”).                                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  $    aggregate principal amount of   % senior notes due 20       
  (the                                                             
  “20  notes”).                                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  $    aggregate principal amount of   % senior notes due 20       
  (the                                                             
  “20  notes”, collectively with the 20  notes, the 20  notes and  
  the 20  notes, the “notes”).                                     
                                                                   
                                                           
  Maturity dates  The 20  notes will mature on    , 20  .  
                                                           
                                           
  The 20  notes will mature on    , 20  .  
                                           
                                           
  The 20  notes will mature on    , 20  .  
                                           
                                           
  The 20  notes will mature on    , 20  .  
                                           
                                                                   
  Interest  The 20  notes will bear interest from    , 2024 at     
            the rate of   % per annum.                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  The 20  notes will bear interest from    , 2024 at the rate of   
  %                                                                
  per annum.                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  The 20  notes will bear interest from    , 2024 at the rate of   
  %                                                                
  per annum.                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  The 20  notes will bear interest from    , 2024 at the rate of   
  %                                                                
  per annum.                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                          Interest on the 20  notes will be        
  Interest payment dates  payable semi-annually in arrears on      
                          and  of each year, commencing on         
                          , 2025.                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Interest on the 20  notes will be payable semi-annually in       
  arrears on   and   of each                                       
  year, commencing on    , 2025.                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Interest on the 20  notes will be payable semi-annually in       
  arrears on  and of each year,                                    
  commencing on    , 2025.                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Interest on the 20  notes will be payable semi-annually in       
  arrears on  and  of each                                         
  year, commencing on    , 2025.                                   
                                                                   
                     
  Guarantees  None.  
                     
                                                                   
                       At any time before the applicable par call  
                       date of each series of notes, we may        
                       redeem some or all of such series of notes  
                       at a price                                  
                       equal to 100% of their principal amount     
  Optional redemption  plus a “make-whole” premium, plus accrued   
                       and unpaid interest, if any to, but         
                       excluding the applicable date of            
                       redemption, as described under the heading  
                       “Description of notes—Optional              
                       redemption.”                                
                                                                   
S-8
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
           The notes will be our senior unsecured obligations and  
  Ranking  will rank equally in right of payment with all our      
           future senior unsecured                                 
           indebtedness and will:                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       effectively rank junior to all our future secured           
  •    indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets      
       securing such indebtedness;                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       be structurally subordinated to all of the existing and     
  •    future indebtedness and other liabilities, including        
       trade payables, and preferred stock of our subsidiaries;    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       rank equal in right of payment to all of our existing and   
  •    future senior indebtedness, including our                   
       obligations under the New Credit Agreement; and             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       rank senior in right of payment to any of our future        
  •    indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of     
       payment to the notes.                                       
                                                                   
                                                             
  As of and for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024:  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             
                                                                   
       on an as adjusted basis after giving effect to the          
       issuance of the notes, the repayment in full of each of     
       the                                                         
       Term Loan Facilities and the Concurrent Refinancing         
  •    Transaction, we would have had approximately $    million   
       of indebtedness for borrowed money (none of which is        
       secured) and $1,000 million available in undrawn            
       commitments under                                           
       the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility; and                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our subsidiaries had approximately $495.3 million of total  
       liabilities (including trade payables but excluding         
  •    intercompany liabilities and liabilities of a type not      
       required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such         
       subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP) to which the notes    
       would have been structurally subordinated.                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                  Upon the occurrence of a         
                                  “change of control repurchase    
                                  event,” the holders of the       
                                  notes may require us to          
                                  repurchase all or                
                                  part of their notes at a         
                                  repurchase price in cash equal   
                                  to 101% of the aggregate         
                                  principal amount of the notes    
  Change of control repurchase    to be repurchased plus any       
  event                           accrued and unpaid interest on   
                                  such notes to, but excluding,    
                                  the repurchase date. A “change   
                                  of control                       
                                  repurchase event” means the      
                                  occurrence of both a change of   
                                  control and a ratings event.     
                                  See “Description of notes—       
                                  Purchase of notes upon a change  
                                  of control repurchase event.”    
                                                                   
                                                                   
             The indenture governing the notes will contain        
  Covenants  covenants limiting our ability and the ability of     
             our restricted subsidiaries to:                       
                                                                   
                                                       
  •    create liens on certain assets to secure debt;  
                                                       
                                                                
  •    enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and  
                                                                
                                                                   
       with respect to us, consolidate or merge with or into, or   
  •    sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially           
       all of our assets to, another person.                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  However, these covenants are subject to a number of important    
  limitations and exceptions. See                                  
  “Description of notes—Certain                                    
                                                                   
S-9
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                     
  covenants”. Exceptions to these covenants will     
  allow us and our subsidiaries to incur liens with  
  respect to certain of our assets.                  
                                                     
                                                                   
                   We intend to use the net proceeds from this     
                   offering to repay in full each of our Term      
  Use of proceeds  Loan Facilities and, to the extent of any       
                   remaining net proceeds, for general corporate   
                   purposes. See “Use of proceeds” in this         
                   prospectus supplement.                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
                Investing in our notes involves risk. See “Risk    
                factors” in this prospectus supplement and “Risk   
                Factors” in our                                    
  Risk factors  most recent SEC filing included or incorporated    
                by reference in this prospectus supplement before  
                deciding to invest in any of the notes offered     
                hereby.                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
                 We will issue the notes in the form of one or     
  Form of notes  more fully registered global notes registered in  
                 the name of the nominee of DTC.                   
                                                                   
                       
  Sinking Fund  None.  
                       
                                                                   
                               The notes will not be listed on     
                               any securities exchange or          
                               automated dealer quotation system.  
                               See “Risk factors—Risks related     
                               to the notes and our                
                               indebtedness—Your ability to        
  No Listing; Trading Markets  transfer the notes may be limited   
                               by the absence of active trading    
                               markets, and there is no assurance  
                               that any active trading markets     
                               will develop for the notes” and     
                               “Underwriting—New issue of notes”   
                               in this prospectus supplement.      
                                                                   
                                                    
  Trustee  Wilmington Trust, National Association.  
                                                    
                                                                   
                 The notes and the indenture pursuant to which we  
  Governing law  will issue the notes will be governed by the      
                 laws of the State of New York.                    
                                                                   
S-10
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data The following
tables set forth a summary of our historical consolidated
financial data as of, and for the periods ended on, the dates
indicated. The consolidated statements of operations data for the
years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, and the
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and 2023,
are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements
incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. The
consolidated statements of operations data for the nine months
ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, and the consolidated balance
sheet data as of September 30, 2024, are derived from our
unaudited consolidated financial statements incorporated by
reference into in this prospectus supplement. The financial
information for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, is
not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP, has been
prepared for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
representative of our results of operations or our financial
condition for any full year period or at any future date or
period. You should read this data together with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes and the section titled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” in our annual and quarterly reports
incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. Our
historical results are not necessarily indicative of our future
results, and the results of operations for the nine months and
twelve months ended September 30, 2024, are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending
December 31, 2024, or any other period. The summary consolidated
financial data in this section are not intended to replace the
consolidated financial statements and are qualified in their
entirety by the consolidated financial statements and related
notes incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement.
                                                                   
          N…                                                       
          m…                       Y…                              
          e…                       e…                              
          S…                       D…                              
          3…                       3…                              
          2…          20…          2…          20…          2…     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  …       -…                       -…                              
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …    $  2…       $  3,…       $  2…       $  2,…       $  3…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       7…          84…          9…          1,…          1…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       6…          63…          1…          91…          8…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       4…          46…          3…          50…          5…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       1…          12…          1…          18…          1…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       1…          2,…          2…          2,…          2…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       3…          1,…          1…          (4…  )       6…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       (…  )       (2…  )       (…  )       (1…  )       (…  )  
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       2…          19…          (…  )       14…          8…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       (…  )       (2…  )       (…  )       (1…  )       (…  )  
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       2…          1,…          4…          (2…  )       3…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …       1…          80…          1…          (1…  )       2…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …    $  1…       $  98…       $  3…       $  (1…  )    $  3…     
  …                                                                
                                                                   
S-11
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  (in                                                              
  thous…         As of                       As of                 
  Conso…       Septem…                     Decemb…                 
  Balan…           30,                         31,                 
  Sheets          2023                        2022                 
  Data:        (unaud…          2024       (audit…           2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash                                                             
  and       $  332,491    $  567,596    $  1,080,…    $   502,152  
  Cash                                                             
  Equiv…                                                           
  Total        5,005,…       5,442,…       5,847,…       5,359,1…  
  assets                                                           
  Long-…       2,912,…       3,474,…       3,178,…       2,905,9…  
  debt                                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
           La…                                                     
           tw…       Ni…                                           
           mo…       mo…                 Ye…                       
           en…       en…                 en…                       
           Se…       Se…                 De…                       
           30,       30,                 31,                       
           20…       20…       20…       20…       20…       2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (…                                                               
  t…                                                               
  O…                                                               
  f…                                                               
  d…                                                               
  (…                                                               
  A…    $  2,…    $  1,…    $  1,…    $  72…    $  1,…    $  1,5…  
  E…                                                               
  F…                                                               
  c…    $  1,…    $  69…    $  1,…    $  34…    $  38…    $  1,0…  
  f…                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Non-GAAP financial measure. See “— non-GAAP financial       
  (1)  measures” below for a reconciliation to the most directly   
       comparable GAAP measure.                                    
                                                                   
S-12
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Non-GAAPfinancial measures Our management believes that each of
the non-GAAPfinancial measures described below provides useful
information to investors by reflecting additional ways of viewing
aspects of our operations that, when reconciled to the
corresponding GAAP measure, help our investors to understand the
long-term trends of our business and facilitate comparisons of
our operational performance and profitability to prior and future
periods and to our peers. These non-GAAPmeasures are non-
GAAPfinancial measures and are presented for supplemental
informational purposes only and should not be considered as
alternatives or substitutes to financial information presented in
accordance with GAAP. These measures have certain limitations in
that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are
reflected in our consolidated statement of operations that are
necessary to run our business. Our definitions may differ from
the definitions used by other companies and therefore
comparability may be limited. In addition, other companies may
not publish these or similar metrics. Thus, our Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA margin and Free Cash Flow should be
considered in addition to, not as substitutes for, or in
isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin We define Adjusted
EBITDA for a particular period as net income (loss) before
interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, other income
(expense), net (excluding certain recurring items), provision for
(benefit from) income taxes, amortization, depreciation and
write-offs and as further adjusted for stock-based compensation
expense, acquisition-related expense and transaction bonus,
publisher bonuses, MoPub acquisition transition services,
restructuring costs, impairment and loss in connection with the
sale of long-lived assets, non-operatingforeign exchange (gain)
losses, and change in the fair value of contingent consideration.
We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by
revenue for the same period. The following table provides our
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the twelve-months
ended September 30, 2024, the nine months ended September 30,
2023 and 2024 and the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and
2023, as well as a reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted
EBITDA:
                                                                   
             …                                                     
             …        …                                            
    …        …        …                     …                      
    …        …        …                     …                      
    …        …        …                     …                      
    …  …     …  …     …    …          …     …    …                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
       $  …     $  …       $  …       $  …       $  …  )      …    
                                                                   
          …        …          …          …          …         …    
          …        …  )       …  )       …  )       …  )      …    
          …        …          …          …          …  )      …    
          …        …          …          …          …         …    
          …        —          …          —          …         —    
                                                                   
S-13
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
             …                                                     
             …          …                                          
    …        …          …                                          
    …        …          …                                          
    …        …          …                                          
    …  …     …    …     …    …          …         …                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
          …  )       …  )       …  )       …           )      …    
          …          …          …          …                  …    
          …          …          …          …                  …    
          —          —          —          …                  —    
          —          —          —          —                  —    
          …          …          …          —                  …    
          —          —          —          …                  —    
       $  …       $  …       $  …       $  …      $           …    
          …  %       …  %       …  %       …           %      …    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Excludes recurring operational foreign exchange gains and   
  (1)  losses and                                                  
       write-off investments included in Amortization,             
       depreciation and write-offs.                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       The twelve months ended December 31, 2021 includes $2.3     
  (2)  million of bonus compensation settled in                    
       stock outside of the scope of ASC 718.                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       In association with the MoPub acquisition, we incurred      
       certain costs to incentivize publishers to migrate to       
       our MAX mediation solution, including existing publishers   
       of MoPub as well as publishers on other competitor          
  (3)  offerings. We have not historically incurred significant    
       publisher migration costs, nor do we currently intend to    
       incur significant                                           
       publisher migration costs in the future. As such, we have   
       removed the impact of these costs from Adjusted EBITDA.     
                                                                   
Free Cash Flow We define Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by
operating activities less purchases of property and equipment and
principal payments of finance leases. Free cash flow has certain
limitations, including that it does not reflect our future
contractual commitments. Our definition may differ from the
definitions used by other companies and therefore comparability
may be limited. The following table provides our Free Cash Flow
for the twelve-months ended September 30, 2024, nine months ended
September 30, 2023 and 2024, and the years ended December 31,
2021, 2022 and 2023, as well as a reconciliation of net cash
provided by operating activities to Free Cash Flow:
                                                                   
             …                                                     
             …          …                                          
             …          …                                          
             …          …                                          
    …        …          …                                          
    …  …     …    …     …    …          …         …                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
       $  …       $  …       $  …       $  …      $           …    
                                                                   
          …  )       …  )       …  )       …           )      …    
          …  )       …  )       …  )       …           )      …    
       $  …       $  …       $  …       $  …      $           …    
                                                                   
S-14
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
RISK FACTORS An investment in our notes involves certain risks. You
should carefully consider the risk factors described under “Risk
Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-Kfiled on
February 26, 2024, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Qfiled on May
8, 2024, August 7, 2024 and November 6, 2024 as well as the other
information included or incorporated by reference in this
prospectus supplement before making an investment decision.
Additional risks and uncertainties not now known to us or that we
now deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business or
financial performance. Our business, financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows could be materially adversely affected
by any of these risks. Additionally, the information included or
incorporated by reference into this “Risk factors” section are not
guarantees that no conditions described in such information exist
as of the date of this prospectus supplement and should not be
interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or
conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. Risks
related to the notes and our indebtedness Our indebtedness could
adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from
fulfilling our obligations under the notes. As of September 30,
2024, after giving effect to this offering and the repayment in
full of each of our Term Loan Facilities and the Concurrent
Refinancing Transaction, we would have had approximately $ million
of indebtedness for borrowed money (none of which is secured) and
$1,000 million in undrawn commitments under the Unsecured Revolving
Credit Facility. Our indebtedness could have important consequences
to the holders of the notes, including:
                                                                   
       limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to      
  •    fund future working capital, capital expenditures,          
       acquisitions or other general corporate requirements;       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       requiring a portion of our cash flows to be dedicated to    
       debt service payments instead of other purposes,            
  •    thereby reducing the amount of cash flows available for     
       working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and     
       other general corporate purposes;                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general  
       economic, industry and competitive conditions; and          
                                                                   
                                          
  •    increasing our cost of borrowing.  
                                          
We may be unable to comply with financial or other restrictive
covenants in our New Credit Agreement. In addition, the indenture
that will govern the notes will contain restrictive covenants that
will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our
long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with those covenants
could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived,
could result in the acceleration of substantially all of our
indebtedness. The indenture governing the notes will allow us
and/or our subsidiaries to incur significantly more debt, which
could exacerbate the other risks described herein, as well as the
risks described in the documents incorporated by reference in this
prospectus supplement. The terms of the indenture governing the
notes offered hereby and the agreements governing our New Credit
Agreement will permit us and our subsidiaries to incur additional
indebtedness, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt
instruments, some of which may be secured. Additional debt may be
necessary for many reasons, including to adequately respond to
competition, to finance acquisitions of complementary businesses or
for financial reasons alone. Our Unsecured Revolving Credit
Facility will restrict our ability to incur additional
indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, but if that facility
matures or is repaid, we may not be subject to such restrictions
under the terms of any subsequent indebtedness. Borrowings on terms
that impose additional financial risks to our various efforts to
improve our operating results and financial condition could
exacerbate the other risks described herein, as well as the risks
described in the documents incorporated by reference in this
prospectus supplement. S-15
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of
our indebtedness, including the notes, and may be forced to take
other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness,
which may not be successful.

Our
ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt
obligations, including the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and
the notes offered hereby, depends on our financial condition and
results of operations, which in turn are subject to
prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain
financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may
not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating
activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal,
premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, including the
notes.

If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund
our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity
problems and may be forced to reduce or delay investments and
capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or
restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including
the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility and the notes. Our ability
to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on, among other
things, the condition of the capital markets and our financial
condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt
could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with
more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business
operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments and
the indenture that will govern the notes may
restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition,
any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our
outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a
reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our
ability to incur additional indebtedness. In the absence of such
cash flows and resources, we could face substantial liquidity
problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or
operations to meet our debt service and other obligations.
In addition, we may be unable to comply with financial or other
restrictive covenants in our New Credit Agreement or future
financing facilities.

Repayment of our debt, including required principal and interest
payments on the notes, is dependent on cash flow generated by our
subsidiaries, which may be subject to limitations beyond our
control.

Our subsidiaries own a substantial portion of our assets and
conduct all of our
operations. Accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness, including
the notes, is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our
subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us,
by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise.

Our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on
the notes or to make funds available to us for that purpose. Our
subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make
distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our
indebtedness, including the notes. Each subsidiary is a distinct
legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and
contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from
our subsidiaries.

In the event that we are unable to receive
distributions from subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required
principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, including the
notes.

We will have limited covenants in the indenture that will govern
the notes.

The indenture that will govern the notes will include
covenants that restrict our ability and the ability of our
restricted subsidiaries to, among other things, incur liens, enter
into certain sale and leaseback transactions and, with respect to
us, consolidate or merge with, or sell, assign, convey,
lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
our assets, taken as a whole, to another person. Only our
subsidiaries that have substantially all of their property located,
or substantially all of their business conducted, in the
United States will be deemed restricted subsidiaries that are
subject to the aforementioned covenants. Moreover, the indenture
that will govern the notes will not prohibit us or any of our
restricted subsidiaries from transferring any property
otherwise subject to the covenants limiting liens and sale and
leaseback transactions to an unrestricted subsidiary, which would
remove such property from the scope of those covenants. The
covenants limiting liens and sale and leaseback transactions
will only apply to a subset of our assets—generally, our United
States real property and the equity interests in our United States
subsidiaries—and will not apply to any of our current assets,
intellectual

S-16
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
property or related intangible assets, which constitute a
significant portion of our assets. As of the date of this
prospectus supplement, we and our subsidiaries only have a limited
amount of
assets that are subject to the scope of the covenants limiting
liens and sale and leaseback transactions. These covenants will be
subject to other important exceptions and qualification, which are
described under “Description of notes.”

Moreover, the indenture that will govern the notes will not include
a covenant restricting our ability to incur additional
indebtedness,
sell assets or issue capital stock in our subsidiaries (other than
in the case of a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or
to pay dividends and make other distributions on, or redeem or
repurchase, capital stock, or to make investments.

Furthermore, the indenture that will govern the notes will contain
only limited protections upon the occurrence of a change of control
repurchase event, as specified therein and further described under
“Description of notes—Purchase of notes upon a change of control
repurchase event.” We and our subsidiaries may engage in certain
significant corporate events that
will not constitute a “change of control,” such as certain
acquisitions, refinancings or recapitalizations that could
substantially affect our capital structure and the value of the
notes.

As a result of the foregoing, when evaluating the terms of the
notes, you should be aware that the terms of the indenture that
will govern the
notes will be issued will not restrict our ability to engage in or
otherwise be party to a variety of corporate transactions,
circumstances and events that could have an adverse impact on your
investment in the notes.

The notes will be effectively subordinated to our future secured
indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing that
indebtedness.

The notes will not be secured by any of our assets. As a result,
the notes will be effectively subordinated to our future secured
indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets that secure
that indebtedness. The effect of this subordination is that upon a
default in payment on, or the acceleration of, any of our secured
indebtedness, or in the event of bankruptcy,
insolvency, liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of our
company, the proceeds from the sale of assets securing our secured
indebtedness will be available to pay obligations on the notes only
after all indebtedness under our secured
indebtedness has been paid in full. There may not be sufficient
assets remaining to pay amounts due on any or all of the notes then
outstanding. The indenture that will govern the notes will not
restrict us or any of our subsidiaries from incurring
additional senior debt, and we may incur any such debt without any
consent of holders of the notes. As a result, the holders of the
notes may receive less, ratably, than the holders of secured
indebtedness in the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency,
liquidation, dissolution or reorganization.

The notes will be structurally subordinated to all obligations of
our existing and future subsidiaries.

The notes are our obligations exclusively and not the obligations
of any of our subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries will have no
obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due under the
notes or to make any funds available to pay those amounts, whether
by dividend, distribution, loan or other payment. The notes will be
structurally subordinated to all indebtedness
and other obligations of all of our subsidiaries such that in the
event of insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or
other winding up of any subsidiary, all of that subsidiary’s
creditors (including trade creditors and preferred
stockholders, if any) would be entitled to payment in full out of
that subsidiary’s assets before we would be entitled to any
payment.

In addition, the indenture that will govern the notes will permit
our subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness and will not
contain any
limitation on the amount of other liabilities, such as trade
payables, that may be incurred by these subsidiaries. As of and for
the twelve months ended September 30, 2024, our subsidiaries had
approximately $495.3 million of total liabilities
(including trade payables but excluding intercompany liabilities
and liabilities of a type not required to be reflected on a balance
sheet of such subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP).

S-17
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
We may not be able to repurchase the notes upon a change of control
repurchase event. Upon the occurrence of a change of control
repurchase event, we will be required to offer to repurchase all
outstanding notes at 101% of their principal amount, together with
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the
purchase date. Additionally, a change of control repurchase event
may constitute an event of default under our New Credit Agreement.
The source of funds for any purchase of the notes and repayment of
any other indebtedness that may be accelerated upon such change of
control would be our available cash, cash generated from our
subsidiaries’ operations or other sources, including borrowings,
sales of assets or sales of equity. We may not be able to
repurchase the notes upon a change of control repurchase event
because we may not have sufficient financial resources to purchase
all of the debt securities that are tendered upon a change of
control repurchase event and repay our other indebtedness that will
become due. We may require additional financing from third parties
to fund any such purchases, and we may be unable to obtain
financing on satisfactory terms or at all. Further, our ability to
repurchase the notes may be limited by law. In order to avoid the
obligations to repurchase the notes and events of default and
potential breaches under future debt instruments, we may have to
avoid certain change of control transactions that would otherwise
be beneficial to us. In addition, some important corporate events,
such as leveraged recapitalizations, may not, under the indenture
that will govern the notes, constitute a “change of control” that
would require us to repurchase the notes, even though those
corporate events could increase the level of our indebtedness or
otherwise adversely affect our capital structure, credit ratings,
financial condition or the value of the notes. See “Description of
notes—Purchase of notes upon a change of control repurchase event.”
Your ability to transfer the notes may be limited by the absence of
active trading markets, and there is no assurance that any active
trading markets will develop for the notes. The notes are new
issues of securities with no trading history or established trading
market. We will not apply to have the notes listed on any exchange
or automated dealer quotation system and we cannot assure you that
trading markets for the notes will ever develop or, if trading
markets develop, that they will be maintained or provide adequate
liquidity, that holders will be able to sell any of the notes at a
particular time (if at all) or that the prices holders receive if
or when they sell the notes will be above their initial offering
prices. The underwriters of the notes have advised us that they
intend to make a market in the notes of each series, as permitted
by applicable laws and regulations. However, the underwriters are
not obligated to make a market in the notes of each series and, if
commenced, they may discontinue their market-making activities at
any time without notice. Therefore, an active market for the notes
may not develop or be maintained, which would adversely affect the
market prices and liquidity of the notes. In such case, the holders
of the notes may not be able to sell their notes at a particular
time or at favorable prices. If trading markets were to develop,
future trading prices of the notes may be volatile and will depend
on many factors, including:
                                        
  •    the number of holders of notes;  
                                        
                                   
  •    prevailing interest rates;  
                                   
                                                           
  •    our operating performance and financial condition;  
                                                           
                                                                   
  •    the interest of securities dealers in making a market for   
       them; and                                                   
                                                                   
                                           
  •    the market for similar securities.  
                                           
Even if active trading markets for the notes do develop, there is
no guarantee that they will continue. Historically, the market for
non-investmentgrade debt has been subject to severe disruptions
that have caused substantial volatility in the prices of securities
similar to the notes. The market, if any, for the notes may
experience similar disruptions and any such disruptions may
adversely affect the liquidity in that market or the prices at
which you S-18
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
may sell your notes. In addition, subsequent to their initial
issuance, the notes may trade at a discount from their initial
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the
market
for similar notes, our performance and other factors.

Changes in our credit ratings may adversely affect your investment
in the notes.

The major debt rating agencies will routinely evaluate our debt.
These ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell the
notes,
inasmuch as the ratings do not comment as to market price or
suitability for a particular investor, are limited in scope, and do
not address all material risks relating to an investment in the
notes, but rather reflect only the view of each rating
agency at the time the rating is issued. The ratings are based on
current information furnished to the rating agencies by us and
information obtained by the rating agencies from other sources. An
explanation of the significance of such rating may be
obtained from such rating agency. There can be no assurance that
such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of
time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or
withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in each
rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. Actual or
anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including
any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a
downgrade, could affect the market value and
liquidity of the notes and increase our corporate borrowing costs.

S-19
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
USE OF PROCEEDS

We estimate that our net proceeds from the sale of the notes in
this offering will be approximately $ million after
deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses
payable by us.

We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to
repay in full each of our Term Loan Facilities and, to the extent
of any remaining net proceeds, for general corporate purposes. See
“Description of other indebtedness” and “Plan of distribution.”

S-20
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our cash and cash
equivalents, as well as our capitalization as of September 30,
2024:
                                
  •    on an actual basis; and  
                                
                                                                   
       on an as adjusted basis to reflect this offering and        
       application of the net proceeds therefrom (after            
  •    deducting the underwriters’ discounts and estimated         
       offering expenses payable by us) as described in “Use of    
       proceeds.”                                                  
                                                                   
This table should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes from our most recent
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,which is incorporated by reference in
this prospectus supplement.
                                                                   
                             As of September                       
                                    30, 2024                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                      Actual          As adjusted  
                                                   (in thousands)  
  Cash & cash             $          567,596    $                  
  equivalents                                                      
  Debt                                                             
  Secured Revolving       $                —    $               —  
  Credit Facility(1)                                               
  Term Loan due           $        1,456,431    $               —  
  2028(2)                                                          
  Term Loan due           $        2,082,038    $               —  
  2030(2)                                                          
  Total secured debt      $        3,538,469    $               —  
  Unsecured Revolving     $                —    $               —  
  Credit Facility(3)                                               
  Senior Notes offered                                             
  hereby:(4)                                                       
  % Senior Notes due      $                —    $                  
  20                                                               
  % Senior Notes due      $                —    $                  
  20                                                               
  % Senior Notes due      $                —    $                  
  20                                                               
  % Senior Notes due      $                —    $                  
  20                                                               
  Total unsecured debt    $                —    $                  
  Total long-term debt    $        3,538,469    $                  
  Total stockholders’     $          938,206    $         938,206  
  equity                                                           
  Total                   $        4,476,675    $                  
  capitalization(5)                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       As of September 30, 2024, we had undrawn availability of    
  (1)  $604 million under the Secured Revolving                    
       Credit Facility (reflecting $6 million of issued but        
       undrawn letters of credit).                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       As-adjusted column reflects repayment in full of our 2028   
  (2)  Term Loan                                                   
       Facility and our 2030 Term Loan Facility with the proceeds  
       from this offering.                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       As of the date hereof, we have received customary           
       syndication commitments from the lenders for the full       
  (3)  amount of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility. After    
       giving effect to the Concurrent Refinancing Transaction,    
       we will have $1,000 million in undrawn commitments under    
       the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility.                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  (4)  Reflects the aggregate principal amount of the notes        
       offered hereby.                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  (5)  Excludes obligations under our equipment financing leases.  
                                                                   
S-21
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER INDEBTEDNESS

The following is a summary of the other indebtedness we expect to
be outstanding following this offering of notes after giving effect
to the
Concurrent Refinancing Transaction. This summary does not purport
to be complete. We summarize below what we expect will be the
principal terms of the New Credit Agreement. As the final terms of
the New Credit Agreement have not yet been agreed
upon, the final terms may differ from those set forth herein and
such differences may be significant.

Unsecured Revolving Credit Facilities

Following the consummation of this offering, in connection with the
Concurrent Refinancing Transaction, we expect to enter into a new
unsecured
credit agreement, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative
agent, and certain financial institutions, as lenders (the “New
Credit Agreement”), which will include a five-year unsecured
revolving credit facility providing for
borrowings up to $1,000 million (the “Unsecured Revolving Credit
Facility”) for which we have customary syndication commitments from
the lenders for the full amount of the Unsecured Revolving Credit
Facility.

We expect AppLovin Corporation to be the borrower under the
Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, and that the Unsecured
Revolving Credit
Facility will not be guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries.

Maturity and Prepayments

The New Credit Agreement will have an initial five-year maturity
(subject to two additional one-year extensions at our option with
terms to be
agreed upon with the lenders thereto). The New Credit Agreement
also provides for an uncommitted accordion feature that allows the
Company to request an increase in commitments under the Unsecured
Revolving Credit Facility by up to $1,000 million.

We may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the New Credit
Agreement in minimum amounts and terms to be agreed upon with the
lenders
thereto, subject to prior written notice, minimum amount
requirements and customary “breakage” costs. Amounts prepaid under
the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility may subsequently be
reborrowed.

Interest Rate and Fees

Borrowings under
the New Credit Agreement will bear interest, with respect to U.S.
Dollar borrowings, based on our election of either (1) a base rate
equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate then in effect, (ii) the
federal funds rate, plus 0.500% and (iii) the
Term SOFR rate for a one-month interest period, plus 1.100%, in
each case subject to a 1.000% floor, plus an Applicable Margin or
(2) the Term SOFR rate for the applicable interest period plus the
Applicable Margin plus 0.100%. The Applicable Margin
in connection with base rate borrowings will range, based on the
applicable public debt credit rating of the Company, from 0.125% to
1.000%. The Applicable Margin in connection with Term SOFR rate
borrowings will range, based on the applicable
public debt credit rating of the Company, from 1.125% to 2.000%.
The fee for unused commitments under the Unsecured Revolving Credit
Facility will range, based on the applicable public debt credit
rating of the Company, from 0.100%
to 0.325%.

Certain Covenants

The New Credit Agreement will include usual and customary
provisions for unsecured revolving credit agreements of this type,
including
covenants limiting, with certain exceptions (1) incurrence of
indebtedness by our subsidiaries, (2) liens, (3) fundamental
changes and (4) sale and leaseback transactions; provided that the
foregoing covenants will allow for subsidiary indebtedness,
liens and attributable debt in respect of outstanding sale and
leaseback transactions in an aggregate amount of up to the greater
of (i) 15% of Consolidated Total

S-22
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Assets and (ii) $1,000 million. In addition, the New Credit
Agreement will require that we maintain a ratio of Consolidated
Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA (each as defined in the New
Credit
Agreement) not to exceed 3.50 to 1.00 that shall be tested as of
the end of any fiscal quarter for the four quarter period ending on
such date, provided that at the option of the Company in connection
with an acquisition in which the aggregate cash
consideration therefor exceeds $1,500 million, such ratio may be
increased to 4.00 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter in which such
acquisition occurs and the three fiscal quarters thereafter.

S-23
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
DESCRIPTION OF NOTES The following is a description of the $
aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due (the “ Notes”),
the $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due (the “
Notes”), the $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior Notes due
(the “ Notes”) and the $ aggregate principal amount of % Senior
Notes due (the “ Notes” and, collectively with the Notes, the Notes
and the Notes, the “Notes”). The Notes will be issued by AppLovin
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”). Unless
otherwise indicated, for all purposes of this “Description of
Notes,” references to the Notes are references to the Notes offered
hereby taken together. Although for convenience the Notes, the
Notes, the Notes and the Notes are collectively referred to as the
“Notes,” each will be issued as a separate series of debt
securities. The Notes will be issued under an indenture, to be
dated as of the Issue Date, between us and Wilmington Trust,
National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), as supplemented
by one or more supplemental indentures relating to the Notes (the
indenture, as so supplemented, the “Indenture”). The following is a
summary of the material provisions of the Indenture and the Notes.
This “Description of Notes” supplements, and to the extent
inconsistent therewith replaces, the section entitled “Description
of Debt Securities” included in the accompanying prospectus. The
terms of the Notes include those expressly set forth in the
Indenture and those made a part of the Indenture by reference to
the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the “TIA”).
Capitalized terms used in this “Description of Notes” that are not
defined in this prospectus supplement have the meanings given to
them in the Indenture. For purposes of this section of this
prospectus supplement, references to “we,” “us” and “our” are to
AppLovin Corporation and not to any of its subsidiaries. General
The Notes will have the following basic terms:
                                                                   
       the Notes will be our general, senior, unsecured            
       obligations and will rank equally in right of payment with  
  •    all of our existing and future senior, unsecured            
       indebtedness, including any indebtedness we may incur from  
       time to time under our New Credit Agreement ;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the Notes will be effectively subordinated in right of      
  •    payment to all our future secured indebtedness to the       
       extent of the value of the assets securing such             
       indebtedness;                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the Notes will be senior in right of payment to any of our  
       indebtedness that is subordinated to the Notes;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all          
       indebtedness of our subsidiaries. As of September 30,       
       2024, our subsidiaries had approximately $495.3 million of  
       total liabilities (including trade payables but excluding   
  •    intercompany liabilities and liabilities of a type not      
       required to be reflected on a balance sheet of such         
       subsidiaries in                                             
       accordance with GAAP) to which the Notes would have been    
       structurally subordinated;                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the  Notes will initially be limited to $   aggregate       
       principal amount, the                                       
       Notes will initially be limited to $    aggregate           
       principal amount, the   Notes will initially be limited to  
  •    $   aggregate principal amount and the   Notes              
       will initially be limited to $   aggregate principal        
       amount (in each case, subject to our right to issue         
       additional notes as described under “—Further issuances”    
       below);                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the   Notes will accrue interest at a rate of   % per       
       annum, the                                                  
  •    Notes will accrue interest at a rate of   % per annum, the  
       Notes will accrue interest at a rate of    % per annum and  
       the  Notes will accrue interest at a rate of                
       % per annum;                                                
                                                                   
S-24
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the  Notes will mature on      ,  , the   Notes             
       will mature on    ,   , the  Notes will mature on     ,     
  •    and the  Notes will mature on     ,   , in each case,       
       unless                                                      
       redeemed or repurchased prior to such date;                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       interest will accrue on the  Notes from the most recent     
       interest payment date for which interest                    
       has been paid or duly provided for (or if no interest has   
  •    been paid or duly provided for, from the date of initial    
       issuance of the Notes), payable semi-annually in arrears    
       on      and      of                                         
       each year, beginning on     , 2025;                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       interest will accrue on the Notes from the most recent      
       interest payment date for which interest has been           
       paid or duly provided for (or if no interest has been paid  
  •    or duly provided for, from the date of initial issuance of  
       the Notes), payable semi-annually in arrears on      and    
       of each year,                                               
       beginning on     , 2025;                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       interest will accrue on the Notes from the most recent      
       interest payment date for which interest has been           
       paid or duly provided for (or if no interest has been paid  
  •    or duly provided for, from the date of initial issuance of  
       the Notes), payable semi-annually in arrears on      and    
       of each year,                                               
       beginning on     , 2025;                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       interest will accrue on the    Notes from the most recent   
       interest payment date for which                             
       interest has been paid or duly provided for (or if no       
  •    interest has been paid or duly provided for, from the date  
       of initial issuance of the Notes), payable semi-annually    
       in arrears on      and      of                              
       each year, beginning on     , 2025;                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       we may redeem each series of Notes prior to its maturity,   
  •    in whole or in part, as described under                     
       “—Optional redemption” below;                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       we may be required to repurchase each series of Notes, in   
       whole or in part, at your option, in connection with        
  •    the occurrence of a “change of control repurchase event”    
       with respect to such series of Notes as described under     
       “—Purchase of Notes upon a change of control repurchase     
       event” below;                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the Notes will be issued in registered form in minimum      
  •    denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 in          
       excess thereof;                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the Notes will be represented by one or more global notes   
       registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, but in          
  •    certain limited circumstances may be represented by Notes   
       in definitive form. See “Book-Entry Settlement and          
       Clearance”; and                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the Notes will be exchangeable and transferable at the      
  •    office or agency maintained by us for such purposes         
       (which initially will be the corporate trust office of the  
       Trustee).                                                   
                                                                   
We do not intend to list the Notes on any securities exchange or
include the Notes in any automated quotation system. The Notes will
not be subject to any sinking fund. We may, to the extent permitted
by law, and directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such
Notes are surrendered to us), purchase Notes in the open market,
negotiated transactions or otherwise, for our account or for the
account of one or more of our subsidiaries or through a private or
public tender or exchange offer or through counterparties to
private agreements, including by cash-settled swaps or other
derivatives. We will cause any Notes so purchased (other than Notes
purchased pursuant to cash-settled swaps or other derivatives) to
be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation, together with a
company order to cancel such Notes, and they will no longer be
considered “outstanding” under the Indenture upon their surrender
to the Trustee for cancellation. S-25
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Certain definitions The Indenture will contain the following
defined terms: “ attributable debt” means, with respect to any sale
and leaseback transaction, at the time of determination, the lesser
of (1) the fair market value of the Property (as determined in good
faith by our board of directors) subject to such transaction, and
(2) the total obligation (discounted to the present value at the
implicit interest factor, determined in accordance with GAAP,
included in the rental payments) of the lessee for rental payments
(other than amounts required to be paid on account of property
taxes as well as maintenance, repairs, insurance, water rates and
other items which do not constitute payments for property rights)
during the remaining portion of the base term of the lease included
in such transaction. In the case of any lease which is terminable
by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such present value
shall be the lesser of (i) the present value determined assuming
termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in
which case the present value shall also include the amount of the
penalty, but shall not include any rent that would be required to
be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it
may be terminated) and (ii) the present value assuming no such
termination. “ Consolidated Total Assets” means, as of any date of
determination, the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries
on a consolidated basis as shown on or reflected on our most recent
internal consolidated balance sheet, including relevant footnotes
thereto (without duplication), prepared in accordance with GAAP,
after giving effect to any acquisitions or dispositions occurring
subsequent to the date of such balance sheet. “ GAAP” means
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America in effect from time to time. “ Hedging Obligations” means,
with respect to any specified person, the obligations of such
person under:
                                                                   
       interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to        
  •    floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap      
       agreements and interest rate collar agreements;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    other agreements or arrangements designed to manage         
       interest rates or interest rate risk;                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    other agreements or arrangements designed to protect        
       against fluctuations in equity prices; and                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such   
  •    person against fluctuations in currency exchange            
       rates or commodity prices.                                  
                                                                   
“ indebtedness” means, with respect to any person on any date of
determination, indebtedness of such person for borrowed money
(including, without limitation, indebtedness for borrowed money
evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments but
not including Non-recourseObligations), if and to the extent any of
the foregoing indebtedness would appear as a liability upon an
unconsolidated balance sheet of such person (but does not include
contingent liabilities which appear only in a footnote to a balance
sheet). “ Issue Date” means the first date on which the Notes are
issued under the Indenture. “ Lien” means any mortgage, lien
(statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, charge, security
interest, preference, priority or encumbrance of any kind in
respect of such asset (including any conditional sale or other
title retention agreement and any lease in the nature thereof);
provided, however, that in no event shall any lease not required to
be accounted for as a financing lease or an accounting lease in
accordance with GAAP in effect on the Issue Date (including any
operating lease) be deemed to constitute a Lien. “ Non-
recourseObligation” means indebtedness or other obligations
substantially related to (1) the acquisition of assets not
previously owned by us or any direct or indirect subsidiaries of
ours or (2) the financing of a project involving the development or
expansion of our properties or any direct or indirect subsidiaries
of S-26
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
ours, as to which the obligee with respect to such indebtedness or
obligation has no recourse to us or any direct or indirect
subsidiary of ours or such subsidiary’s assets other than the
assets which were acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or
the project financed with the proceeds of such transaction (and the
proceeds thereof).

“person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint
venture, association, joint-stock company,
trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or
political subdivision thereof or any other entity.

“Property” means (i) any real property or any permanent improvement
thereon owned by us or any of our
restricted subsidiaries located in the United States, except such
as our management determines in good faith (taking into account,
among other things, the importance of such property to the
business, financial condition and earnings of us and our
restricted subsidiaries taken as a whole) not to be of material
importance to the business of us and our restricted subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, and (ii) the capital stock of any United States
subsidiary that is owned by us or any of our
restricted subsidiaries, in the case of each of clause (i) and
(ii), whether now owned or hereafter acquired.

“restricted subsidiary” means a subsidiary of ours of which
substantially all of its property is located, or
substantially all of its business is conducted, in the United
States that owns any Property, other than any of the Company’s less
than 80%-owned subsidiaries if the common stock of such subsidiary
is traded on any national securities exchange
or on the over-the-counter markets.

“subsidiary” of any specified person means any corporation, limited
liability company, limited partnership,
association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the
total voting power of shares of capital stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the
election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at
the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such
person or one or more of the other subsidiaries of that person or a
combination thereof.

Interest

Each series of
Notes will begin to accrue interest from the date on which it is
originally issued. Interest on each series of Notes will be paid to
the persons in whose name the Notes are registered at the close of
business on the record date immediately preceding
the relevant interest payment date. Interest on each series of
Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of
twelve 30-day months.

As used in the Indenture, the term “business day” means, with
respect to each series of Notes, any day, other than a
Saturday or Sunday, that is not a day on which the banking
institutions are authorized or required by law or executive order
to close or on which commercial banks in New York, New York or the
place of payment are authorized or required by law to
close.

If any interest payment date, redemption date, repayment date or
stated maturity of any series of Notes falls on a
date that is not a business day, then payment of principal and
premium, if any, or interest, or the redemption of such series of
Notes, will be made on the next succeeding business day at such
place of payment with the same force and effect as if
made on the interest payment date, redemption date or repayment
date, or at the stated maturity. No interest shall accrue for the
period from and after any such interest payment date, redemption
date, repayment date, or stated maturity, as the case
may be, to the date of such payment.

Payment

If any series of Notes are no longer represented by a global note,
payment of interest on certificated Notes in definitive form
may, at our option, be made by (i) check mailed directly to holders
of such series at their registered addresses, or (ii) upon written
request of any holder of at least $5,000,000 principal amount of
such series of Notes, wire transfer to
an account located in the United States maintained by such holder.

S-27
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Ranking

The Notes will be our senior, unsecured obligations and will rank
equally in right of payment with all our future senior,
unsecured indebtedness and any indebtedness we may incur from time
to time under the New Credit Agreement. The Notes will effectively
rank junior to all our future secured indebtedness, to the extent
of the value of the assets securing such
indebtedness and will be structurally subordinated to all
indebtedness of our subsidiaries.

None of our subsidiaries will
guarantee the Notes. We derive a majority of our operating income
and cash flow from our subsidiaries. Therefore, our ability to make
payments when due to the holders of the Notes is, in part,
dependent upon the receipt of sufficient funds from our
subsidiaries. However, our subsidiaries are distinct legal entities
that have no obligation to pay any amounts pursuant to, or to make
funds available for our payment obligations in respect of, the
Notes, whether by dividends, distributions, loans
or otherwise.

In addition, claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will have
priority with respect to the assets and
earnings of such subsidiaries over the claims of our creditors,
including holders of the Notes. Accordingly, the Notes will be
effectively subordinated to creditors, including trade creditors,
of our subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2024, our
subsidiaries had approximately $495.3 million of total liabilities
(including trade payables but excluding intercompany liabilities
and liabilities of a type not required to be reflected on a balance
sheet of such subsidiaries in accordance
with GAAP) to which the Notes would have been structurally
subordinated.

As of September 30, 2024, we had
$3,538.5 million of outstanding consolidated indebtedness. After
giving effect to this offering and the application of the net
proceeds therefrom, we would have had approximately $ million of
outstanding consolidated
indebtedness.

Optional redemption

Prior to , for the Notes ( month prior to the maturity date
for the Notes), prior to , for the Notes ( month prior to the
maturity date for the Notes), prior to , for
the Notes ( months prior to the maturity date for the Notes) and
prior , for the Notes ( months prior to the maturity date for
the Notes) (each such date, a “Par Call Date”), the Company may
redeem the Notes of any series at its option, in whole or in part,
at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price (expressed
as a percentage of principal
amount and rounded to three decimal places) equal to the greater
of:

(1) (a) the sum of the present values of the
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon
discounted to the redemption date (assuming such Notes matured on
the applicable Par Call Date) on a semi-annual basis (assuming a
360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus basis
points in the case of the Notes, basis points in the case of the
Notes,
basis points in the case of the Notes and basis points in the case
of the Notes less (b) interest accrued to the date of redemption,
and

(2) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed,

plus, in either case, accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the
redemption date.

On or after the applicable Par Call Date for a series of Notes, the
Company may redeem the Notes of such series, in whole or
in part, at any time and from time to time, at a redemption price
equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes being redeemed,
plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date.

“Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the
yield determined by the Company in accordance
with the following two paragraphs.

S-28
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
The Treasury Rate shall be determined by the Company after 4:15
p.m., New
York City time (or after such time as yields on U.S. government
securities are posted daily by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System), on the third business day preceding the
redemption date based upon the yield or yields for the most
recent day that appear after such time on such day in the most
recent statistical release published by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System designated as “Selected Interest Rates
(Daily)—H.15” (or any successor
designation or publication) (“H.15”) under the caption “U.S.
government securities—Treasury constant maturities—Nominal” (or any
successor caption or heading) (“H.15 TCM”). In determining the
Treasury Rate,
the Company shall select, as applicable: (1) the yield for the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the period from
the redemption date to the applicable Par Call Date (the “Remaining
Life”); or (2) if there is no
such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 exactly equal to the
Remaining Life, the two yields—one yield corresponding to the
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 immediately shorter than and one
yield corresponding to the Treasury constant maturity
on H.15 immediately longer than the Remaining Life—and shall
interpolate to the applicable Par Call Date on a straight-line
basis (using the actual number of days) using such yields and
rounding the result to three decimal places; or
(3) if there is no such Treasury constant maturity on H.15 shorter
than or longer than the Remaining Life, the yield for the single
Treasury constant maturity on H.15 closest to the Remaining Life.
For purposes of this paragraph, the applicable
Treasury constant maturity or maturities on H.15 shall be deemed to
have a maturity date equal to the relevant number of months or
years, as applicable, of such Treasury constant maturity from the
redemption date.

If on the third business day preceding the redemption date H.15 TCM
is no longer published, the Company shall calculate the
Treasury Rate based on the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual
equivalent yield to maturity at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on
the second business day preceding such redemption date of the
United States Treasury security maturing on, or with
a maturity that is closest to, the applicable Par Call Date, as
applicable. If there is no United States Treasury security maturing
on the applicable Par Call Date but there are two or more United
States Treasury securities with a maturity date
equally distant from the applicable Par Call Date, one with a
maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date and one with a
maturity date following the applicable Par Call Date, the Company
shall select the United States Treasury security with
a maturity date preceding the applicable Par Call Date. If there
are two or more United States Treasury securities maturing on the
applicable Par Call Date or two or more United States Treasury
securities meeting the criteria of the preceding
sentence, the Company shall select from among these two or more
United States Treasury securities the United States Treasury
security that is trading closest to par based upon the average of
the bid and asked prices for such United States
Treasury securities at 11:00 a.m., New York City time. In
determining the Treasury Rate in accordance with the terms of this
paragraph, the semi-annual yield to maturity of the applicable
United States Treasury security shall be based upon the
average of the bid and asked prices (expressed as a percentage of
principal amount) at 11:00 a.m., New York City time, of such United
States Treasury security, and rounded to three decimal places.

The Company’s actions and determinations in determining the
redemption price shall be conclusive and binding for all
purposes, absent manifest error.

Notice of any redemption will be mailed or electronically delivered
(or otherwise
transmitted in accordance with the depositary’s procedures) at
least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date
to each holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Any redemption or
notice may, at the Company’s discretion, be
subject to one or more conditions precedent and, at the Company’s
discretion, the redemption date may be delayed until such time as
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the
Company in its sole discretion), or the
redemption date may not occur at all and such notice may be
rescinded if all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or
waived by the Company in its sole discretion).

In the case of a partial redemption, selection of the Notes for
redemption will be made pro rata, by lot or by such other
method as the Trustee in its sole discretion deems appropriate and
fair. No Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less will be
redeemed in part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the
notice of redemption that relates to the Note will
state the portion of the principal amount of the Note to be
redeemed. A

S-29
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of
the Note will be issued in the name of the holder of the Note upon
surrender for cancellation of the original Note. For so long
as the Notes are held by DTC (or another depositary), the
redemption of the Notes shall be done in accordance with the
policies and procedures of the depositary.

Unless we default in payment of the redemption price, on and after
the redemption date interest will cease to accrue on the
applicable series of Notes, or portions thereof, called for
redemption.

If any redemption date would otherwise be a day
that is not a business day, the related payment of principal and
interest will be made on the next succeeding business day as if it
were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will
accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from
and after such date to the next succeeding business day.

Purchase of Notes upon a change of control repurchase event

If a change of control repurchase event occurs with respect to any
series of Notes, unless, with respect to such series of
Notes, we have exercised our right to redeem such series of Notes
in full as described above, each holder of such series of Notes
will have the right to require us to repurchase all or any part
(equal to $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 in excess
thereof) of that holder’s Notes of such series at a repurchase
price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of
the Notes to be repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest on
such Notes to, but excluding, the repurchase
date.

Within 30 days following any change of control repurchase event
with respect to any series of Notes or, at our
option, prior to any change of control, but after the public
announcement of the change of control or event that may constitute
the change of control, we will deliver a notice to each holder of
such series of Notes, with a copy to the Trustee,
describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may
constitute the change of control repurchase event and offering (the
“change of control offer”) to repurchase such Notes on the
repurchase date specified in the notice at the
option of the holders, which date will be no earlier than 10 days
and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is delivered (a
“change of control notice”). Any such change of control notice
shall, if delivered prior to the date of
consummation of the change of control, state that our obligation to
repurchase such Notes is conditioned on a change of control
repurchase event occurring on or prior to the repurchase date
specified in such notice.

We will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the
Exchange Act and any
other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent
those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with any
repurchase of the Notes as a result of a change of control
repurchase event. To the extent the provisions of any such
securities laws or regulations conflict with the “Purchase of Notes
upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event” provisions of the
Indenture, we will comply with those securities laws and
regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached
our obligations under the “Purchase of Notes upon a Change of
Control Repurchase Event” provisions of the Indenture by virtue
thereof; provided that we otherwise use commercially reasonable
efforts to permit holders to exercise their
rights and to fulfill our obligations in the time and in the manner
specified in these provisions of the Indenture to the extent
permitted by such securities laws or regulations.

On the repurchase date following a change of control repurchase
event, we will, to the extent lawful:

(1) accept for payment all the Notes or portions of the Notes
properly tendered pursuant to our change of control notice;

(2) deposit with the paying agent or tender agent appointed for
such purpose an amount equal to the aggregate repurchase price
in respect of all the Notes or portions of the Notes properly
tendered; and

(3) deliver or cause to be delivered to the
Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an officer’s
certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes being
repurchased by us.

S-30
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
The paying agent or tender agent appointed for such purpose will
promptly
deliver to each holder of Notes properly tendered the repurchase
price for the Notes, and the Trustee, upon receipt of a company
order, will promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be
transferred by book-entry) to each holder a new Note equal in
principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes
surrendered.

If holders of not less than 90% in aggregate
principal amount of any series of Notes then outstanding validly
tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a change of control offer
and we, or any third party making a change of control offer in lieu
of us, as described below, purchases all of the
Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such holders, we will
have the right, upon not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days’
prior written notice to the holders of the Notes (with a copy to
the Trustee), given not more than 30 days
following such purchase pursuant to the change of control offer
described above, to redeem all Notes of such series that remain
outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash
equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of
redemption (subject to the right of holders of record on a record
date to receive interest on the relevant interest payment date).

Subject to the limitations discussed below, we could, in the
future, enter into certain transactions, including acquisitions,
refinancings or other recapitalizations, that would not constitute
a change of control under the Indenture, but that could increase
the amount of indebtedness outstanding at such time or otherwise
affect our capital structure or the credit ratings
of the Notes. Restrictions on our ability to incur liens and enter
into sale and leaseback transactions are contained in the covenants
as described below under “—Certain covenants—Limitation on liens”
and “—Certain
covenants—Limitation on sale and leaseback transactions.” Except
for the limitations contained in such covenants, the covenant
relating to repurchases upon the occurrence of a change of control
repurchase event and the covenant described
in the accompanying prospectus under “Description of Debt
Securities—consolidation, merger and sale of assets,” the Indenture
will not contain any covenants or provisions that may afford
holders of the Notes protection in the event of
a highly leveraged transaction.

We will not be required to make a change of control offer in
connection with a change of
control repurchase event if a third party makes such an offer in
connection with such change of control repurchase event in the
manner and at the times required and otherwise in compliance with
the requirements under the applicable Indenture for
such an offer made by us, and such third party purchases all Notes
properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.

The phrase “all or substantially all,” as used with respect to our
assets and the assets of our subsidiaries in the
definition of “change of control,” is subject to interpretation
under applicable state law, and its applicability in a given
instance would depend upon the facts and circumstances. Although
there is a limited body of case law interpreting
the phrase “substantially all,” there is no precise established
definition of the phrase under applicable law. As a result, there
may be a degree of uncertainty in ascertaining whether a sale or
transfer of “all or substantially
all” of our assets and the assets of our subsidiaries has occurred
in a particular instance, in which case a holder’s ability to
obtain the benefit of these provisions could be uncertain.

Furthermore, holders may not be entitled to require us to
repurchase their Notes in certain circumstances involving a
significant change in the composition of our board of directors
unless such change otherwise constitutes a change of control
repurchase event.

We may not have sufficient funds to repurchase all the Notes upon a
change of control repurchase event. In addition, even if
we have sufficient funds, we may be prohibited from repurchasing
the Notes under the terms of our future debt instruments.
Furthermore, a failure to repurchase the Notes upon a change of
control repurchase event could constitute an event of default
under our New Credit Agreement. See “Risk Factors—Risks related to
the notes and our indebtedness—We may not be able to repurchase the
notes upon a change of control repurchase event.”

S-31
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
For purposes of the foregoing discussion of a repurchase at the
option of
holders, the following definitions are applicable:

“change of control” means the occurrence of any of
the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer,
conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or
consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all
or substantially all of our assets and the assets of
our subsidiaries taken as a whole to any “person” (as that term is
used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to us, one
of our subsidiaries or to a Permitted Holder; (2) the adoption of a
plan by our board of
directors relating to our liquidation or dissolution; (3) the
consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any
merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any person
(other than us or one of our subsidiaries), other
than a Permitted Holder, becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined
in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or
indirectly, of more than 50%
of the aggregate of the total voting power of our voting shares or
other voting shares into which our voting shares are reclassified,
consolidated, exchanged or changed, measured by voting power rather
than number of shares; provided, however, that
(x) a person shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of, or to own
beneficially, (A) any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or
exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of such
person’s affiliates until such
tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange
thereunder, or (B) any securities if such beneficial ownership (i)
arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in
response to a proxy or consent solicitation made
pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange
Act, and (ii) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any
successor schedule) under the Exchange Act and (y) a transaction
will not be deemed to involve a change
of control under this clause (3) if (A) we become a direct or
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of a holding company and (B)(i)
the direct or indirect holders of the voting shares of such holding
company immediately following that
transaction are substantially the same as the holders of our voting
shares immediately prior to that transaction or (ii) our voting
shares outstanding immediately prior to such transaction are
converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the
voting stock of such holding company immediately after giving
effect to such transaction or (iii) immediately following that
transaction no person (other than a holding company satisfying the
requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial
owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the voting
shares of such holding company; or (4) we consolidate with, or
merge with or into, any person, or any person consolidates with, or
merges with or into, us, in any such event pursuant
to a transaction in which any of our outstanding voting shares or
the outstanding voting shares of such other person is converted
into or exchanged for cash, securities or other property, other
than any such transaction where our voting shares
outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or
are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the voting
shares (measured by voting power) of the surviving person or any
direct or indirect parent company of any surviving person
immediately after giving effect to such transaction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a merger of our company with any of
our subsidiaries solely for the purpose of reincorporating our
company in another jurisdiction within the United States shall not
be a “change of control.”

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not constitute a
change of control
if (i) the transaction involves the transfer of assets between or
among the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) any person or group
includes one or more Permitted Holders, the issued and outstanding
equity interests of the Company directly
or indirectly owned by the Permitted Holders that are part of such
person or group shall not be treated as being owned by such person
or “group” for purposes of determining whether clauses (1) or (3)
of this definition is triggered,
and (iii) a person or group shall not be deemed to beneficially own
voting shares subject to a stock or asset purchase agreement,
merger agreement, option agreement, warrant agreement or similar
agreement (or voting or option or similar
agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the
acquisition of the voting shares in connection with the
transactions contemplated by such agreement.

“change of control repurchase event” means, with respect to any
series of Notes, the occurrence of both a
change of control and a ratings event.

“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings, Inc. and its successors.

S-32
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
“investment grade” means a rating of BBB- or better by Fitch (or
its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Fitch); a
rating of Baa3 or better by Moody’s (or its equivalent under any
successor rating categories of Moody’s); a
rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any
successor rating categories of S&P); or, if applicable, the
equivalent investment grade credit rating from any replacement
rating agency
appointed in accordance with the proviso to the definition of
“rating agency.”

“Investors”
means each of Adam Foroughi, the Foroughi 2015 Irrevocable Trust,
Andrew Karam, the Karam 2015 Irrevocable Trust and John Krystynak
and, in each case, any of their affiliates.

“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and its successors.

“Permitted Holder” (i) the Investors and their respective
affiliates and members of management of the Company
or any subsidiary (or their respective direct or indirect parent)
who are holders of equity interests of the Company (or its direct
or indirect parent company) and any group (within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of
the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of the
foregoing are members; providedthat, in the case of such group and
without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other
group, such Investors, their respective
affiliates and members of management, collectively, have beneficial
ownership of more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting
shares of the Company or any other direct or indirect parent
entity, (ii) any direct or indirect parent
entity formed not in connection with, or in contemplation of, a
transaction that, assuming such parent was not formed after giving
effect thereto, would constitute a change of control and (iii) any
entity (other than a parent entity) through
which a parent entity described in clause (ii) directly or
indirectly holds equity interests of the Company and has no other
material operations other than those incidental thereto.

“rating agency” means each of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; provided that
if any of Fitch, Moody’s or
S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes
publicly available, “rating agency” will include a “nationally
recognized statistical rating organization” as defined in Section
3(a)(62) of the
Exchange Act appointed by us as a substitute for such rating
agency.

“ratings event” means the rating on
the Notes of the applicable series is lowered by at least two of
the three rating agencies and such series of Notes are rated below
an investment grade rating by at least two of the three rating
agencies on any day during the period (the
“trigger period”) commencing on the earlier of (a) the first public
notice of the occurrence of a change of control or (b) the public
announcement by us of our intention to effect a change of control,
and ending 60 days following
consummation of such change of control (which period shall be
extended so long as the rating of such Notes is under publicly
announced consideration for a possible rating downgrade by either
of the rating agencies on such 60th day, such extension to
last with respect to each such rating agency until the date on
which such rating agency considering such possible downgrade either
(x) rates such Notes below investment grade or (y) publicly
announces that it is no longer considering such
Notes for possible downgrade). If any of the rating agencies is not
providing a rating of such Notes on any day during the trigger
period for any reason (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to our
right to engage a substitute rating agency in
accordance with the proviso to the definition of “rating agency”),
the rating of such rating agency for such Notes shall be deemed to
have ceased to be investment grade during the trigger period.

“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global Inc., and
its successors.

“voting shares” of any specified “person” (as that term is used in
Section 13(d)(3) of the
Exchange Act) as of any date means the shares, interests,
participants, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of
such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the
election of the board of directors of such person.

Further issuances

We may
from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the holders
of the applicable series of Notes, create and issue additional
notes having the same terms as, and ranking equally and ratably
with, such Notes in

S-33
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
all respects (except for the issue date and, if applicable, the
payment of interest accruing prior to the issue date of such
additional notes and the first payment of interest following the
issue date of such additional notes). Such additional notes may be
consolidated and form a single series with, and will have the same
terms as to ranking, redemption, waivers, amendments or otherwise,
as applicable series of Notes and will vote together as one class
on all matters with respect to the applicable series of Notes;
providedthat if the additional notes are not fungible with the
outstanding Notes of the applicable series for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, the additional notes will have one or more separate
CUSIP numbers. Certain covenants Except as set forth below, neither
we nor any of our subsidiaries will be restricted by the Indenture
from:
                                                        
  •    incurring any indebtedness or other obligation,  
                                                        
                                                                   
  •    paying dividends or making distributions on our capital     
       stock or the capital stock of such subsidiaries, or         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    purchasing or redeeming our capital stock or the capital    
       stock of such subsidiaries.                                 
                                                                   
In addition, we will not be required to maintain any financial
ratios or specified levels of net worth or liquidity or to
repurchase or redeem or otherwise modify the terms of the Notes
upon a change of control or other events involving us or any of our
subsidiaries that may adversely affect the creditworthiness of the
Notes, except to the limited extent provided under “—Purchase of
notes upon a change of control repurchase event” above. Among other
things, the Indenture will not contain covenants designed to afford
holders of the Notes any protections in the event of a highly
leveraged or other transaction involving us that may adversely
affect holders of the Notes, except to the limited extent provided
under “—Purchase of notes upon a change of control repurchase
event” above and as described in the accompanying prospectus under
“Description of Debt Securities—Consolidation, merger and sale of
assets.” The covenants described under “—Limitation on liens” and
“—Limitation on sale and leaseback transactions” will apply only to
“Property” owned by us and our restricted subsidiaries. As of the
date of this prospectus supplement, we and our subsidiaries only
have a limited amount of assets that constitute “Property.” In
addition, the Indenture will not prohibit us or any of our
restricted subsidiaries from transferring any assets otherwise
constituting “Property” to a subsidiary that is not a restricted
subsidiary, thus limiting the scope of the covenants described
under “—Limitation on liens” and “—Limitation on sale and leaseback
transactions.” In addition, the covenants do not prohibit our
subsidiaries from incurring debt and we and they may also incur
substantial amounts of secured debt. The debt of our subsidiaries,
to the extent secured or incurred by subsidiaries, will be
structurally senior to the Notes and secured debt will be
effectively senior to the Notes. See “Risk Factors—Risks related to
the notes and our indebtedness—The Notes will be structurally
subordinated to all obligations of our existing and future
subsidiaries,” and “Risk Factors—Risks related to the notes and our
indebtedness—We will have limited covenants in the indenture that
will govern the notes”.” The Indenture will contain the following
principal covenants: Limitation on liens We will not, and we will
not permit any of our restricted subsidiaries to, create or incur
any Lien upon any Property of ours or any of our restricted
subsidiaries (whether now existing or owned or hereafter created or
acquired) in order to secure any indebtedness of ours or any of our
subsidiaries unless prior to or at the same time, the Notes
(together with, at our option, any other indebtedness of ours or
any of our restricted subsidiaries ranking equally in right of
payment with the Notes) are equally and ratably secured with or, at
our option, prior to, such secured indebtedness, until such time as
such indebtedness are no longer secured by such Lien or such
Property is no longer owned by us or any of our restricted
subsidiaries. S-34
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
The foregoing restriction does not apply to:

(1) Liens existing with respect to any person at the time such
person becomes a direct or indirect subsidiary of ours,
provided that such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of such
person becoming a subsidiary;

(2) Liens existing on
Property at the time of acquisition thereof or at the time of
acquisition by us or any of our restricted subsidiaries of any
person then owning such Property, provided that such Lien was not
incurred in anticipation of such acquisition;

(3) Liens securing indebtedness of ours or any of our restricted
subsidiaries owing to us or any of our subsidiaries;

(4) Liens of ours existing on the date of the initial issuance of
the Notes (excluding any additional notes);

(5) Liens on Property of a person existing at the time such person
is merged into or consolidated with us or any of our
restricted subsidiaries, at the time such person becomes a
subsidiary of ours, or at the time of a sale, lease or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the Properties of a
person to us or any of our restricted subsidiaries, provided that
such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of the merger,
consolidation, or sale, lease, other disposition or other such
transaction;

(6) Liens created in connection with a project financed with, and
created to secure, a
Non-recourse Obligation;

(7) Liens created to secure each series of the Notes;

(8) Liens imposed by law or arising by operation of law, such as
materialmens’, workmen’s or repairmen’s,
carriers’, warehousemen’s and mechanic’s Liens and other similar
Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue by more than 90
calendar days or being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings or other Liens arising out of
judgments or awards against such person with respect to which such
person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceedings
for review and Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or
common law provision relating to banker’s
Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to
deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor
depository institution;

(9) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or
levies on Property not yet due or payable or subject to
penalties for non- payment or which are being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings;

(10) Liens to secure the performance of obligations with respect to
statutory or regulatory requirements, bids, trade
contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds,
performance or return of money bonds and other obligations of a
like nature;

(11) pledges or deposits under workmen’s compensation, unemployment
insurance, or similar legislation and liens of
judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable, or
deposits to secure public or statutory obligations, or deposits in
connection with obtaining or maintaining self-insurance or to
obtain the benefits of any law, regulation or arrangement
pertaining to workmen’s compensation, unemployment insurance, old
age pensions, social security or similar matters, or deposits of
cash or obligations of the United States to secure surety, appeal
or customs bonds, or deposits in litigation or
other proceedings such as, but not limited to, interpleader
proceedings;

(12) Liens consisting of easements, rights-of-way, zoning
restrictions, restrictions on the use of real property, and defects
and irregularities in the title thereto, landlords’ Liens and other
similar
Liens none of which interfere materially with the use of the
Property covered thereby in the ordinary course of business and
which do not, in our opinion, materially detract from the value of
such Properties;

S-35
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
(13) Liens in favor of the United States or any state, territory or
possession thereof (or the District of Columbia), or any
department, agency, instrumentality or political subdivision of the
United States or any state, territory or possession thereof (or the
District of Columbia), to secure partial, progress,
advance or other payments pursuant to any contract or statute or to
secure any indebtedness incurred for the purpose of financing all
or any part of the purchase price or the cost of constructing or
improving the Property subject to such Liens;

(14) Liens securing indebtedness incurred to finance the
construction, acquisition (including acquisition through merger or
consolidation), purchase or lease of, or repairs, improvements or
additions to, Property (including shares of capital stock), plant
or equipment of ours or our restricted subsidiaries; provided,
however, that the Lien shall not extend
to any other Property owned by us or any of our restricted
subsidiaries at the time the Lien is incurred (other than Property
affixed or appurtenant thereto), and the indebtedness (other than
any interest thereon) secured by the Lien may not be
incurred more than 18 months after the later of the acquisition,
completion of construction, repair, improvement, addition or
commencement of full operation of the Property subject to the Lien;
provided further, however, that individual financings
of equipment or other fixed or capital assets otherwise permitted
to be secured under the Indenture provided by any person (or its
affiliates) may be cross- collateralized to other such financings
provided by such person (or its affiliates);

(15) Liens incurred to secure cash or investment management or
custodial services in the ordinary course of business or on
insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing
of the premiums with respect thereto;

(16) Liens
securing Hedging Obligations designed for protection from
fluctuations in interest rates, currencies, equities or the price
of commodities and not for speculative purposes;

(17) Liens securing reimbursement obligations with respect to
commercial letters of credit in the ordinary course of business
that encumber cash, documents and other Property relating to such
letters of credit and proceeds thereof;

(18) in
connection with the sale or transfer of any equity interests or
other assets in a consolidation, merger or sale of assets
transaction permitted under the Indenture, customary rights and
restrictions contained in agreements relating to such sale or
transfer pending the completion thereof;

(19) Liens on Property incurred in connection with any transaction
permitted
under the “––Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions”
covenant described below; or

(20) any
extensions, renewals, refinancing or replacements of any Lien
referred to in clauses (1) through (19) without increase of the
principal of the indebtedness secured by such Lien (except to the
extent of any fees or other costs associated with
any such extension, renewal or replacement); provided, however,
that any Liens permitted by any of clauses (1) through (19) shall
not extend to or cover any Property of ours or any of our
restricted subsidiaries, as the case may be, other than
the Property specified in such clauses and improvements to such
Property.

Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in
the preceding paragraph, we and our restricted subsidiaries will be
permitted to incur indebtedness secured by Liens which would
otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions without equally
and ratably securing the Notes; provided that, after
giving effect to such indebtedness and the retirement of any
indebtedness secured by Liens (other than Liens described in
clauses (1) through (20) above) that is being retired substantially
concurrently with such incurrence, the aggregate
amount of all indebtedness secured by Liens (not including Liens
permitted under clauses (1) through (20) above), together with all
attributable debt outstanding pursuant to the second paragraph of
the “—Limitation on sale and
leaseback transactions” covenant described below, does not exceed
the greater of $1,000,000,000 and 15% of our Consolidated Total
Assets. We and our restricted subsidiaries also may, without
equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or
incur Liens that extend, renew, substitute or replace (including
successive extensions, renewals, substitutions or replacements), in
whole or in part, any Lien permitted pursuant to the preceding
sentence.

S-36
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Limitation on sale and leaseback transactions

We will not, and will not permit any of our restricted subsidiaries
to, enter into any sale and leaseback transaction for the
sale and leasing back of any Property, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, unless:

(1) such transaction was entered
into prior to the date of the initial issuance of each series of
the Notes (excluding any additional notes);

(2) such
transaction was for the sale and leasing back to us or any of our
wholly-owned subsidiaries of any Property by us or one of our
restricted subsidiaries;

(3) such transaction involves a lease for not more than five years
(or which may be terminated by us or our restricted
subsidiaries within a period of not more than five years);

(4) we or our restricted subsidiaries would be entitled to
incur indebtedness secured by a Lien with respect to such sale and
leaseback transaction without equally and ratably securing the
Notes pursuant to the second paragraph of the “—Limitation on
liens” covenant described above (except
with respect to a Lien permitted by clause (19) thereof); or

(5) we or any of our restricted subsidiaries apply (or
to the extent the proceeds are received directly by any of our
restricted subsidiaries, such restricted subsidiary applies) an
amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of such Property to
the purchase of other Property or assets used or useful
in our or its business or to the retirement of indebtedness of ours
or its that is pari passu in right of payment with the Notes within
365 days before or after the effective date of any such sale and
leaseback transaction, provided that, in
lieu of applying such amount to the retirement of pari passu
indebtedness, we may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation,
such Notes to be credited at the cost thereof to us.

Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in the preceding
paragraph, we and our restricted subsidiaries may enter into any
sale and leaseback transaction that would otherwise be subject to
the foregoing restrictions, if after giving effect thereto the
aggregate amount of all attributable debt with respect to such
transactions (not including attributable debt permitted
under clauses (1) through (5) above), together with all
indebtedness outstanding pursuant to the third paragraph of the
“—Limitation on liens” covenant described above, does not exceed
the greater of $1,000,000,000 and 15% of our
Consolidated Total Assets.

SEC Reports

We shall, to the extent required by Section 314(a) of the Trust
Indenture Act, file with the trustee, within 15 days
after the filing with the SEC, copies of the annual reports and of
the information, documents and other reports (or copies of such
portions of any of the foregoing as the SEC may by rules and
regulations prescribe) which we are required to file with
the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (other
than confidential filings, documents subject to confidential
treatment and correspondence with the SEC); provided, that, the
delivery of materials to the trustee by electronic
means or filing of documents via the EDGAR system (or any successor
electronic filing system) shall be deemed to be filed with the
trustee as of the time such documents are filed via EDGAR (or such
successor system), it being understood that
delivery of such reports, information and documents to the trustee
is for informational purposes only and the trustee’s receipt of
such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information
contained therein or determinable from
information contained therein and the trustee shall have no
obligation to determine whether or not such information, documents
or reports have been filed pursuant to the EDGAR system (or its
successor) or if we are not required to file information,
documents or reports pursuant to either of these Sections, then we
will file with the trustee and the SEC, in accordance with the
rules and regulations prescribed from time to time by the SEC, such
of the supplementary and periodic information,
documents and reports which may be required pursuant to Section 13
of the Exchange Act in respect of a security listed and registered
on a national securities exchange as may be

S-37
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
prescribed from time to time in such rules and regulations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be deemed to
have failed to comply with any of its obligations under this
section until 30 days after the date any information, document or
other report hereunder is due. Events of default Each of the
following events will be an “event of default” under the Indenture
for each series of Notes: (1) default in the payment of any
installment of interest on such series of Notes when due and
payable, and the continuance of that default for 30 days; (2)
default in the payment of the principal of, or any premium on, such
series of Notes when due and payable (whether at maturity, upon
redemption or otherwise); (3) a failure by us to repurchase Notes
tendered for repurchase following the occurrence of a change of
control repurchase event with respect to such series of Notes in
conformity with the covenant set forth above under “—Purchase of
Notes upon a change of control repurchase event”; (4) failure to
observe or perform any other covenants or agreements in the
Indenture in respect of such series of Notes, which failure
continues for 90 days after written notice to us from the Trustee
or to us and the Trustee from holders of at least 25% of the
outstanding principal amount of the applicable series of Notes then
outstanding as provided in the Indenture, requiring us to remedy
the same; (5) (a) a failure to make any payment at maturity,
including any applicable grace period, on any of our indebtedness
(other than indebtedness we owe to any of our subsidiaries)
outstanding in an amount in excess of $250.0 million or (b) a
default on any of our indebtedness (other than indebtedness we owe
to any of our subsidiaries), which default results in the
acceleration of such indebtedness in an amount in excess of $250.0
million without such indebtedness having been discharged or the
acceleration having been cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, in
the case of clause (a) or (b) above, for a period of 30 days after
written notice thereof to us by the Trustee or to us and the
Trustee by the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of
outstanding Notes (including any additional notes); provided,
however, that if any failure, default or acceleration referred to
in clause (a) or (b) above ceases or is cured, waived, rescinded or
annulled, then the event of default will be deemed cured; and (6)
specified events relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization or receivership of us. Modification and waivers
Modification and amendments of the Indenture and the Notes of any
series may be made by us and the Trustee with the consent of the
holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount
of the outstanding Notes of that series affected thereby; provided,
however, that no such modification or amendment may, without the
consent of the holder of each outstanding Note of that series
affected thereby:
                                                                   
  •    change the stated maturity of the principal of, or          
       installment of interest on, any series of Notes;            
                                                                   
                                                                   
       reduce the principal amount of any Note or reduce the       
       amount of the principal of any Notes which would be due     
       and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the       
       maturity thereof or reduce the rate of interest on any      
  •    Note (except as part of any remarketing of the Notes of     
       any series or any interest rate reset with respect to the   
       Notes of any series, in                                     
       each case in accordance with the terms of the Notes of      
       such series);                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       reduce any premium payable on the redemption of any Note    
  •    or change the date on which any Note may or must be         
       redeemed;                                                   
                                                                   
S-38
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    change the currency in which the principal of, premium, if  
       any, or interest on any Note is payable;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       impair the right of any holder to institute suit for the    
  •    enforcement of any payment on or after the stated           
       maturity of any Note (or, in the case of redemption, on or  
       after the redemption date);                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       reduce the percentage in principal amount of the            
  •    outstanding Notes, the consent of whose holders is          
       required                                                    
       in order to take certain actions; or                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
       modify any of the provisions in the Indenture regarding     
       the waiver of past defaults and the waiver of certain       
       covenants by the holders of Notes except to increase any    
  •    percentage vote required or to provide that certain other   
       provisions of the Indenture cannot be modified or waived    
       without the consent of the holder of each Note affected     
       thereby.                                                    
                                                                   
We and the Trustee may, without the consent of any holders, modify
or amend the terms of the Indenture and the Notes of any series
with respect to the following:
                                                                   
       to add to our covenants for the benefit of holders of the   
       Notes of all or any series (and if such covenants           
  •    are to be for the benefit of less than all series of        
       Notes, stating that such covenants are expressly being      
       included solely for the benefit of such series) or to       
       surrender any right or power conferred upon us;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to evidence the succession of another person to, and the    
       assumption by the successor of our covenants,               
  •    agreements and obligations under, the Indenture pursuant    
       to the covenant described in the accompanying prospectus    
       under the caption “Description of Debt                      
       Securities—Consolidation, merger and sale of assets;”       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to add any additional events of default for the benefit of  
       holders of the Notes of all or any series (and if           
  •    such additional events of default are to be for less than   
       all series of Notes, stating that such additional events    
       of default are expressly being included solely for the      
       benefit of such series);                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to add one or more guarantees for the benefit of holders    
       of the Notes;                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to secure the Notes pursuant to the covenants of the        
       Indenture;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to add or appoint a successor or separate trustee or other  
       agent;                                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to provide for the issuance of additional notes of any      
       series;                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to establish the form or terms of Notes of any series as    
       permitted by the Indenture;                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to comply with the rules of any applicable securities       
       depository;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of     
       the Indenture in respect of one or more series of           
       Notes; provided, that, any such addition, change or         
       elimination (a) shall neither (1) apply to any note of any  
  •    series created prior to the execution of such supplemental  
       indenture and entitled to the benefit of such provision     
       nor (2) modify the rights of the holder of any such Notes   
       with respect to such provision or (b) shall become          
       effective only when there is no note described in clause    
       (a)(1) outstanding;                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to cure any ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect or         
       inconsistency;                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to change any other provision; provided that the change     
  •    does not adversely affect the legal rights of the           
       holders of Notes of any series in any material respect;     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to supplement any of the provisions of the Indenture to     
       such extent as shall be necessary to permit or              
       facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of    
  •    Notes pursuant to the Indenture; provided that any such     
       action shall not adversely affect the interests of the      
       holders of Notes of such series or any other series of      
       Notes in any material                                       
       respect;                                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to comply with the rules or regulations of any securities   
  •    exchange or automated quotation system on which any         
       of the Notes may be listed or traded;                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to conform to the description of the Notes contained in     
  •    this prospectus supplement, the accompanying                
       prospectus or any similar document with respect to the      
       offering of Notes of such series to the extent              
                                                                   
S-39
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                    
  that such description was intended to be a        
  substantially verbatim recitation of a provision  
  in the Indenture or such Notes; and               
                                                    
                                                                   
       to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of     
       the Indenture as shall be necessary or desirable in         
  •    accordance with any amendments to the Trust Indenture Act   
       of 1939, as amended, provided that such action does not     
       adversely affect the rights or interests of any holder of   
       Notes in any material respect.                              
                                                                   
The holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of
the outstanding Notes of any series may, on behalf of the holders
of Notes of that series, waive compliance by us with certain
restrictive provisions of the Indenture. The holders of not less
than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding
Notes of a series may, on behalf of the holders of all Notes of
that series, waive any past default and its consequences under the
Indenture with respect to the Notes of that series, except a
default (1) in the payment of principal or premium, if any, or
interest on Notes of that series or (2) in respect of a covenant or
provision of the Indenture that cannot be modified or amended
without the consent of the holder of each Note of that series. Upon
any such waiver, such default will cease to exist, and any event of
default arising therefrom will be deemed to have been cured, for
every purpose of the Indenture; however, no such waiver will extend
to any subsequent or other default or event of default or impair
any rights consequent thereon. Discharge, defeasance and covenant
defeasance provisions We may discharge certain obligations to
holders of the Notes of a series that have not already been
delivered to the Trustee for cancellation and that either have
become due and payable or will become due and payable within one
year (or scheduled for redemption within one year) by depositing
with the Trustee, in trust, funds in U.S. dollars and/or U.S.
government obligations, or, in the case of Notes denominated in a
single currency other than U.S. dollars, money and/or foreign
government obligations of the government that issued such currency,
in an amount sufficient to pay all amounts owing pursuant to the
Indenture, including the entire indebtedness including, but not
limited to, the principal and premium, if any, and interest to the
date of such deposit (if the Notes have become due and payable) or
to the maturity thereof or the redemption date of the Notes of that
series, as the case may be. We may direct the Trustee to invest
such funds in U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity of one year
or less or in a money market fund that invests solely in short-term
U.S. Treasury securities. The Indenture provides that we may elect
either (1) to defease and be discharged from any and all
obligations with respect to Notes (except for, among other things,
obligations to register the transfer or exchange of the Notes, to
replace temporary or mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes, to
maintain an office or agency with respect to the Notes, to hold
moneys for payment in trust and certain of our obligations to the
Trustee) (“legal defeasance”) or (2) to be released from our
obligations to comply with the covenant described in the
accompanying prospectus under the caption “Description of Debt
Securities—Consolidation, merger and sale of assets” and certain
other covenants under the Indenture, and any omission to comply
with such obligations will not constitute a default or an event of
default with respect to the Notes of a series and clauses (3) and
(4) under “—Events of Default” will no longer be applied (“covenant
defeasance”). Legal defeasance or covenant defeasance, as the case
may be, will be conditioned upon, among other things, the
irrevocable deposit by us with the Trustee, in trust, of an amount
in U.S. dollars and/or U.S. government obligations, or, in the case
of Notes denominated in a single currency other than U.S. dollars,
money and/or foreign government obligations of the government that
issued such currency, applicable to the Notes of that series which
through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in
accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount
sufficient to pay the principal or premium, if any, and interest on
the Notes on the scheduled due dates therefor. If we effect legal
or covenant defeasance with respect to the Notes of any series, the
amount in U.S. dollars and/or U.S. government obligations, or, in
the case of Notes denominated in a single currency other than U.S.
dollars, money and/or foreign government obligations of the
government that issued such currency, on deposit with the Trustee
will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm
of independent public accountants expressed in a written
certificate delivered to the Trustee, to pay amounts due on the
Notes of that S-40
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
series at the time of the stated maturity but may not be sufficient
to pay amounts due on the Notes of that series at the time of the
acceleration resulting from any event of default. However, we
would remain liable to make payment of such amounts due at the time
of acceleration.

We will be required to deliver to
the Trustee an opinion of counsel that the deposit and related
defeasance will not cause the holders and beneficial owners of the
Notes of that series to recognize income, gain or loss for federal
income tax purposes. If we elect legal defeasance,
that opinion of counsel must be based upon a ruling from the U.S.
Internal Revenue Service or a change in law to that effect.

We may exercise our legal defeasance option notwithstanding our
prior exercise of our covenant defeasance option.

Same-Daysettlement and payment

The Notes will trade in the same-day funds settlement system of DTC
until maturity or
until we issue the Notes in certificated form. DTC will therefore
require secondary market trading activity in the Notes to settle in
immediately available funds. We can give no assurance as to the
effect, if any, of settlement in immediately
available funds on trading activity in the Notes.

Governing Law

The Indenture and the Notes will be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

Notices

Any notices
required to be given to the holders of the Notes will be given to
DTC, as the registered holder of the global notes, in accordance
with DTC’s procedures. In the event that the global notes are
exchanged for Notes in certificated form, notices
to holders of the Notes will be sent electronically or mailed by
first-class mail, postage prepaid, to the addresses that appear on
the register of holders maintained by the registrar.

Regarding the Trustee

Wilmington Trust, National Association will act as the Trustee
under the Indenture and will be appointed by us to act as
registrar, transfer agent and paying agent for the Notes. We and
our affiliates maintain various commercial and service
relationships with the Trustee and its affiliates in the ordinary
course of business. The Trustee and its affiliates will be
permitted to engage in other transactions with us. However, if a
conflicting interest arises and a default occurs with respect to
the Notes, the Trustee must eliminate such conflict, as defined in
Section 310(b) of the TIA, or resign.

Wilmington Trust, National Association assumes no responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of the information
concerning us or our affiliates or any other party contained in
this document or for any failure by us or any other party to
disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the
significance or accuracy of such information.

S-41
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
BOOK ENTRY SETTLEMENT AND CLEARANCE The global notes The notes will
be issued in the form of registered notes in global form, without
interest coupons (the “global notes”). Upon issuance, each of the
global notes will be deposited with the trustee as custodian for
DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC.
Ownership of beneficial interests in each global note will be
limited to persons who have accounts with DTC (“DTC participants”)
or persons who hold interests through DTC participants. We expect
that under procedures established by DTC:
                                                                   
       upon deposit of each global note with DTC’s custodian, DTC  
  •    will credit portions of the principal amount                
       of the global note to the accounts of the DTC participants  
       designated by the underwriters; and                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       ownership of beneficial interests in each global note will  
       be shown on, and transfer of ownership of those             
       interests will be effected only through, records            
  •    maintained by DTC (with respect to interests of DTC         
       participants) and the records of DTC participants (with     
       respect to other owners of beneficial interests in the      
       global note).                                               
                                                                   
Beneficial interests in the global notes may not be exchanged for
notes in physical, certificated form except in the limited
circumstances described below. Book-entry procedures for the global
notes All interests in the global notes will be subject to the
operations and procedures of DTC. We provide the following
summaries of those operations and procedures solely for the
convenience of investors. The operations and procedures of each
settlement system are controlled by that settlement system and may
be changed at any time. None of us, the underwriters or the trustee
is responsible for those operations or procedures. DTC has advised
us that it is:
                                                                   
  •    a limited purpose trust company organized under the laws    
       of the State of New York;                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New      
       York State Banking Law;                                     
                                                                   
                                                
  •    a member of the Federal Reserve System;  
                                                
                                                                   
  •    a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the Uniform  
       Commercial Code; and                                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    a “clearing agency” registered under Section 17A of the     
       Securities Exchange Act of 1934.                            
                                                                   
DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and to
facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions
between its participants through electronic book-entry changes to
the accounts of its participants. DTC’s participants include
securities brokers and dealers, including the underwriters; banks
and trust companies; clearing corporations and other organizations.
Indirect access to DTC’s system is also available to others such as
banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies; these indirect
participants clear through or maintain a custodial relationship
with a DTC participant, either directly or indirectly. Investors
who are not DTC participants may beneficially own securities held
by or on behalf of DTC only through DTC participants or indirect
participants in DTC. So long as DTC’s nominee is the registered
owner of a global note, that nominee will be considered the sole
owner or holder of the notes represented by that global note for
all purposes under the indenture. Except as provided below, owners
of beneficial interests in a global note:
                                                                   
  •    will not be entitled to have notes represented by the       
       global note registered in their names;                      
                                                                   
S-42
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    will not receive or be entitled to receive physical,        
       certificated notes; and                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       will not be considered the owners or holders of the notes   
       under the indenture that will govern the notes for          
  •    any purpose, including with respect to the giving of any    
       direction, instruction or approval to the trustee under     
       the indenture.                                              
                                                                   
As a result, each investor who owns a beneficial interest in a
global note must rely on the procedures of DTC to exercise any
rights of a holder of the notes under the indenture (and, if the
investor is not a participant or an indirect participant in DTC, on
the procedures of the DTC participant through which the investor
owns its interest). Payments of principal, premium (if any) and
interest with respect to the notes represented by a global note
will be made by the trustee to DTC’s nominee as the registered
holder of the global note. Neither we nor the trustee will have any
responsibility or liability for the payment of amounts to owners of
beneficial interests in a global note, for any aspect of the
records relating to or payments made on account of those interests
by DTC, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records of
DTC relating to those interests. Payments by participants and
indirect participants in DTC to the owners of beneficial interests
in a global note will be governed by standing instructions and
customary industry practice and will be the responsibility of those
participants or indirect participants and DTC. Transfers between
participants in DTC will be effected under DTC’s procedures and
will be settled in same-dayfunds. Transfers between participants in
Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected in the ordinary way under
the rules and operating procedures of those systems. Cross-market
transfers between DTC participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear
or Clearstream participants, on the other hand, will be effected
within DTC through the DTC participants that are acting as
depositaries for Euroclear and Clearstream. To deliver or receive
an interest in a global note held in a Euroclear or Clearstream
account, an investor must send transfer instructions to Euroclear
or Clearstream, as the case may be, under the rules and procedures
of that system and within the established deadlines of that system.
If the transaction meets its settlement requirements, Euroclear or
Clearstream, as the case may be, will send instructions to its DTC
depositary to take action to effect final settlement by delivering
or receiving interests in the relevant global notes in DTC, and
making or receiving payment under normal procedures for same-
dayfunds settlement applicable to DTC. Euroclear and Clearstream
participants may not deliver instructions directly to the DTC
depositaries that are acting for Euroclear or Clearstream. Because
of time zone differences, the securities account of a Euroclear or
Clearstream participant that purchases an interest in a global note
from a DTC participant will be credited on the business day for
Euroclear or Clearstream immediately following the DTC settlement
date. Cash received in Euroclear or Clearstream from the sale of an
interest in a global note to a DTC participant will be received
with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the
relevant Euroclear or Clearstream cash account as of the business
day for Euroclear or Clearstream following the DTC settlement date.
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream have agreed to the above procedures
to facilitate transfers of interests in the global notes among
participants in those settlement systems. However, the settlement
systems are not obligated to perform these procedures and may
discontinue or change these procedures at any time. Neither we nor
the trustee will have any responsibility for the performance by
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream or their participants or indirect
participants of their obligations under the rules and procedures
governing their operations. S-43
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Certificated notes Notes in physical, certificated form will be
issued and delivered to each person that DTC identifies as a
beneficial owner of the related notes only if:
                                                                   
       DTC notifies us at any time that it is unwilling or unable  
  •    to continue as depositary for the global notes and          
       a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days;     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       DTC ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the  
  •    Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not              
       appointed within 90 days;                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       we, at our option, notify the trustee that we elect to      
  •    cause the issuance of certificated notes and any            
       participant requests a certificated note in accordance      
       with DTC procedures; or                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    certain other events provided in the indenture that will    
       govern the notes should occur.                              
                                                                   
S-44
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS

This section is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax
considerations relating to the purchase, ownership, and disposition
of the notes. This summary does not provide a complete analysis of
all potential tax considerations. The information provided below is
based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”), and Treasury regulations, rulings
and judicial decisions as of the date hereof, all of which are
subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly with
retroactive effect. There can be no assurances that the Internal
Revenue Service (the “IRS”) will not challenge
one or more of the tax consequences described herein, and we have
not obtained, nor do we intend to obtain, a ruling from the IRS
with respect to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of
purchasing, owning or disposing of the notes.

The summary generally applies only to beneficial owners of the
notes that purchase their notes in this offering for an amount
equal to the
issue price of the notes, which is the first price at which a
substantial amount of the notes is sold for money to investors (not
including sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or
organizations acting in the capacity of underwriters,
placement agents or wholesalers), and that hold the notes as
“capital assets” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code
(generally, for investment). This discussion does not purport to
deal with all aspects of U.S. federal income
taxation that may be relevant to a particular beneficial owner in
light of the beneficial owner’s circumstances (for example, persons
subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code, or a
U.S. holder (as defined below) whose
“functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar). Also, it is not
intended to address all categories of investors, some of which may
be subject to special rules (such as partnerships or other pass-
through entities (or investors in such
entities), dealers in securities or currencies, traders in
securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of tax
accounting, banks, thrifts, regulated investment
companies, real estate investment trusts, insurance companies, tax-
exempt entities, tax-deferred or other retirement accounts, former
citizens or long-term residents of
the United States, controlled foreign corporations, passive foreign
investment companies, persons holding notes as part of a hedging,
conversion or integrated transaction or a straddle for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, persons deemed to sell
notes under the constructive sale provisions of the Code, lenders
to each of our Term Loan Facilities or persons required under
Section 451(b) of the Code to conform the timing of income accruals
with respect to the notes to their financial
statements). Finally, the summary does not describe the effects of
any other U.S. federal tax laws, such as the Medicare contribution
tax on net investment income or estate and gift tax laws, or the
effects of any applicable non-U.S., state or local laws.

INVESTORS CONSIDERING THE PURCHASE OF NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR
OWN TAX
ADVISORS REGARDING THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX
LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AND THE CONSEQUENCES OF OTHER
U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS, NON-U.S., STATE AND LOCAL TAX LAWS, AND TAX
TREATIES.

As used herein, the term “U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of
a note that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is
(1) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United
States, (2) a corporation, or an entity treated as a corporation
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or
under the laws of the United States, any state
thereof or the District of Columbia, (3) an estate the income of
which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its
source, or (4) a trust if it (x) is subject to the primary
supervision of a U.S. court and the control
of one of more U.S. persons or (y) has a valid election in effect
under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S.
person.

A “non-U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of a note (other than a
partnership or an entity
or arrangement (domestic or foreign) that is treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is not a
U.S. holder. If a partnership (including any entity or arrangement
(domestic or foreign) that is treated as a partnership for
U.S. federal income tax purposes) is a beneficial owner of a note,
the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will depend upon
the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A
beneficial owner of a note that is a
partnership, and partners in such partnership, should consult their
own tax advisors about the U.S. federal income tax consequences of
purchasing, owning and disposing of the notes.

S-45
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Additional payments

We may be required under certain circumstances to make payments to
holders of the notes in addition to payments of principal and
stated
interest. The obligation to make such payments may implicate the
provisions of the Treasury regulations relating to contingent
payment debt instruments (“CPDIs”). Under applicable Treasury
regulations, the possibility of such additional
amounts being paid will not cause the notes to be treated as CPDIs
if, among other things, either: (i) if the option is unconditional
and such amounts would be paid pursuant to an unconditional option
of the issuer that would cause the yield on
the notes to increase, or (ii) as of the issue date of the notes,
there is only a remote likelihood that these contingencies will
occur or the amount of any additional payments under such
contingencies is considered to be
“incidental.” We intend to take the position that the contingencies
described under “Description of notes—Optional redemption” and
“Description of notes—Purchase of notes upon a change of control
repurchase
event” are not subject to the special rules governing certain CPDIs
either because (i) they relate to an option the exercise of which
by us would cause the yield on the notes to increase or (ii) there
is only a remote possibility that
we would be required to make any other additional payments on the
notes, and/or that any of such additional payments, if made, would
be an incidental amount. Our determination in this regard, while
not binding on the IRS, is binding on holders
unless they disclose their contrary position. If the IRS
successfully asserted that the notes are subject to the rules
governing CPDIs, the timing, amount and character of income with
respect to a note realized by a holder could be materially and
adversely different from those described below. In the event a
contingency occurs, it could affect the amount, character and
timing of the income recognized by a holder. The discussion below
generally assumes that the notes are not treated as CPDIs.

U.S. holders

Taxation of interest

A U.S. holder will be required to recognize as ordinary income any
stated interest paid or accrued on the notes, in accordance with
such
holder’s regular method of tax accounting.

In general, if the principal amount of a note exceeds its issue
price by more than a
statutorily defined de minimis amount, a U.S. holder would be
required to include such excess in income as “original issue
discount” over the term of the note, irrespective of the U.S.
holder’s regular method of tax accounting. We
expect, and the discussion below assumes, that the notes will not
be issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

Sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition
of the notes

A U.S. holder generally will recognize gain or loss if the
holder disposes of a note in a sale, exchange, redemption,
retirement or other taxable disposition. The U.S. holder’s gain or
loss generally will equal the difference between the proceeds
received by the holder (other than amounts attributable
to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxed as described
below) and the holder’s tax basis in the note. The U.S. holder’s
tax basis in the note generally will equal the amount the holder
paid for the note. The portion of any
proceeds that is attributable to accrued interest will not be taken
into account in computing the U.S. holder’s taxable gain or loss.
Instead, that portion will be recognized as ordinary interest
income to the extent that the U.S. holder has
not previously included the accrued interest in income. Any gain or
loss recognized by a U.S. holder on a disposition of the note
generally will be capital gain or loss and generally will be long-
term capital gain or loss if the holder has held the
note for more than one year, or short-term capital gain or loss if
the holder has held the note for one year or less, at the time of
the disposition. Long-term capital gains of non-corporate U.S.
holders
generally are eligible for reduced rates of taxation. Short-term
capital gains are taxed at ordinary income rates. The deductibility
of capital losses is subject to limitation.

S-46
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Non-U.S.holders Taxation of interest Subject to the discussion
below under “—Income or gains effectively connected with a U.S.
trade or business,” payments of interest to non-U.S.holders are
generally subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30%
(or a reduced or zero rate under the terms of an applicable income
tax treaty between the United States and the non-U.S.holder’s
country of residence). Subject to the discussions below under
“—Backup withholding and information reporting” and “—FATCA,”
payments of interest on the notes to most non-U.S.holders, however,
are generally expected to qualify as “portfolio interest,” and thus
will be exempt from U.S. federal income tax, including withholding
of such tax, if the non-U.S.holders certify their nonresident
status as described below. The portfolio interest exemption will
not apply, however, to payments of interest to a non-U.S.holder
that:
                                                                   
       owns, actually or constructively (applying certain          
  •    attribution rules), shares of our stock representing at     
       least 10% of the total combined voting power of all         
       classes of our stock entitled to vote; or                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       is a “controlled foreign corporation” within the meaning    
  •    of Section 957(a) of the Code that is                       
       related, directly or indirectly, to us through stock        
       ownership.                                                  
                                                                   
In general, a foreign corporation is a controlled foreign
corporation if more than 50% of its stock (by vote or value) is
owned, actually or constructively, by one or more U.S. persons that
each owns, actually or constructively, at least 10% of the
corporation’s stock (by vote or value). The portfolio interest
exemption and any reduction of the withholding tax rate pursuant to
the terms of an applicable income tax treaty require a
non-U.S.holder to certify its nonresident status. A non-U.S.holder
can meet this certification requirement by providing a properly
executed IRS Form W-8BEN,IRS Form W-8BEN-Eor other appropriate IRS
Form W-8to the applicable withholding agent prior to the payment.
If the non-U.S.holder holds the note through a financial
institution or other agent acting on the non-U.S.holder’s behalf,
the non-U.S.holder will be required to provide appropriate
documentation to the agent. The non-U.S.holder’s agent will then be
required to provide certification to the applicable withholding
agent, either directly or through other intermediaries. Special
certification rules apply to non-U.S.holders that are pass-through
entities rather than corporations or individuals. Sale, exchange,
redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition of the notes
Subject to the discussion below under “—Backup withholding and
information reporting,” non-U.S.holders generally will not be
subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any gain
realized on the sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or taxable
other disposition of notes (other than with respect to payments
attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxed as
described under “—Taxation of Interest” above). This general rule,
however, is subject to several exceptions. For example, the gain
would be subject to U.S. federal income tax if:
                                                                   
       the gain is effectively connected with the conduct by the   
       non-U.S.                                                    
       holder of a U.S. trade or business (and if an income tax    
       treaty requires it, the gain is attributable to a U.S.      
  •    permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the     
       non-U.S. holder in the United States), in                   
       which case it would be subject to tax as described below    
       under “—Income or gains effectively connected with a U.S.   
       trade or business”; or                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the non-U.S. holder is an individual who is present in the  
       United                                                      
       States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days or      
       more in the year of the disposition and certain other       
  •    conditions apply, in which case, except as otherwise        
       provided by an applicable income tax treaty, the gain,      
       which may be offset by certain                              
       U.S. source capital losses, would be subject to a flat 30%  
       tax, even though the individual is not considered a         
       resident of the United States.                              
                                                                   
S-47
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Income or gains effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business

The preceding discussion of the U.S. federal income and withholding
tax considerations of the purchase, ownership and disposition of
notes by a
non-U.S. holder assumes that the holder is not engaged in a U.S.
trade or business. If any interest on the notes or gain from the
sale, exchange, redemption, retirement or other taxable disposition
of the
notes is effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business
conducted by the non-U.S. holder, then the income or gain will be
subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at the
regular tax rates
and generally in the same manner applicable to U.S. holders. If the
non-U.S. holder is eligible for the benefits of an income tax
treaty between the United States and the holder’s country of
residence, it
is possible that any “effectively connected” income or gain will be
subject to U.S. federal income tax only if it is also attributable
to a permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the holder
in the United States. If the non-U.S. holder is a corporation
(including for this purpose any entity treated as a corporation for
U.S. federal income tax purposes), some portion of its earnings and
profits that is effectively connected with its
U.S. trade or business also would be subject to a “branch profits
tax.” The branch profits tax rate is generally 30%, although an
applicable income tax treaty might provide for a lower rate.
Payments of interest that are effectively
connected with a U.S. trade or business generally will not be
subject to the 30% withholding tax, provided that the holder claims
an exemption from withholding by timely filing a properly completed
and executed IRS Form W-8ECI (or other appropriate form), or any
successor form as the IRS designates, as applicable, prior to the
payment.

FATCA

FATCA generally imposes
U.S. federal withholding tax on certain types of payments made to
“foreign financial institutions” and certain other “non-financial
foreign entities,” each as specifically defined in the
Code and applicable Treasury regulations. “Foreign financial
institution” is defined to include, in addition to banks and
traditional financial institutions, entities such as investment
funds and certain holding companies. Accordingly, the
entity through which our notes are held will affect the
determination of whether such withholding is required. FATCA
generally imposes a U.S. federal withholding tax of 30% on interest
payments on a note, and, subject to the discussion below, on the
gross proceeds from a sale or other disposition of a note, in each
case, paid to (i) a foreign financial institution that does not
provide sufficient documentation, typically on IRS Form W-8BEN-E,
evidencing either (x) an exemption from FATCA, or (y) its
compliance (or deemed compliance) with FATCA (which may
alternatively be in the form of compliance with an
intergovernmental
agreement between the holder’s country of residence and the United
States) in a manner that avoids withholding, or (ii) a non-
financial foreign entity that does not provide sufficient
documentation,
typically on IRS Form W-8BEN-E, evidencing either (x) an exemption
from FATCA, or (y) adequate information regarding certain
substantial United States
beneficial owners of such entity (if any). Under proposed Treasury
regulations, which generally may be relied upon until final
regulations are issued, the withholding provisions of FATCA do not
apply to payments of gross proceeds from a disposition
of a note. If an interest payment is both subject to withholding
under FATCA and subject to the withholding tax discussed above
under “—Non-U.S. holders—Taxation of interest,” the
withholding under FATCA may be credited against, and therefore
reduce, such other withholding tax. Prospective investors should
consult their tax advisors regarding FATCA.

Backup withholding and information reporting

The Code and the Treasury regulations require those who make
specified payments to report the payments to the IRS. Among the
specified payments
are interest and proceeds from a sale or other disposition
(including a retirement or redemption) of the notes paid by brokers
to their customers. This reporting regime is reinforced by “backup
withholding” rules, which require the payer
to withhold from payments subject to information reporting if the
recipient has failed to provide a correct taxpayer identification
number to the payer, furnished an incorrect identification number,
or repeatedly failed to report interest or
dividends on tax returns. The backup withholding rate is currently
24%.

Payments of interest to U.S. holders and payments made to U.S.
holders by a broker upon a sale or other disposition (including a
retirement or redemption) of the notes generally will be subject to
information reporting,

S-48
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
and backup withholding, unless the holder (1) is an exempt payee,
such as a corporation, or (2) provides the payer with a correct
taxpayer identification number and complies with
applicable certification requirements. If a sale is made through a
foreign office of a foreign broker, however, the sale will
generally not be subject to either information reporting or backup
withholding. This exception may not apply if the foreign
broker is owned or controlled by U.S. persons, or is engaged in a
U.S. trade or business.

We must report annually to the IRS the interest
paid to each non-U.S. holder and the tax withheld, if any, with
respect to such interest, including any tax withheld pursuant to
the rules described under
“—Non-U.S. holders— Taxation of interest” above. Copies of these
reports may be made available to tax authorities in the country
where the non-U.S.
holder resides. Payments to non-U.S. holders of interest on the
notes and payments made to non-U.S. holders by a broker upon a sale
or other disposition (including a
retirement or redemption) of the notes may be subject to backup
withholding unless the non-U.S. holder certifies its non-U.S.
status on a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or
other appropriate IRS Form W-8.

Any amounts withheld from a payment to a U.S. holder or non-U.S.
holder of notes under the backup
withholding rules generally can be credited against any U.S.
federal income tax liability of the holder, which may entitle the
holder to a refund, provided the required information is timely
furnished to the IRS.

S-49
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
UNDERWRITING Under the terms and subject to the conditions
contained in an underwriting agreement dated the date of this
prospectus supplement, the underwriters named below, for whom J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC, BofA Securities, Inc. and Morgan Stanley &
Co. LLC are acting as representatives, have severally agreed to
purchase from us, and we have agreed to sell to each underwriter,
the principal amount of notes set forth opposite their names below:
                                                                   
               Princi…       Princi…       Princi…       Princip…  
               amount        amount        amount        amount    
               of            of            of            of        
               20            20            20            20        
  Under…       notes         notes         notes         notes     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  J.P.                                                             
  Morgan    $             $             $             $            
  Secur…                                                           
  LLC                                                              
  BofA                                                             
  Secur…                                                           
  Inc.                                                             
  Morgan                                                           
  Stanl…                                                           
  & Co.                                                            
  LLC                                                              
  Total     $             $             $             $            
                                                                   
The underwriters are offering the notes subject to their acceptance
of the notes from us and subject to prior sale. The underwriting
agreement provides that the obligations of the several underwriters
to pay for and accept delivery of the notes offered by this
prospectus supplement are subject to the approval of certain legal
matters by their counsel and to certain other conditions. The
underwriters, severally and not jointly, are obligated to take and
pay for all of the notes offered by this prospectus supplement if
any such notes are taken. The underwriters propose to offer the
notes of each series directly to the public at the public offering
price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus supplement and
may offer the notes of each series to dealers at the public
offering price less a concession not to exceed % of the principal
amount of the notes, % of the principal amount of the notes, % of
the principal amount of the notes, and % of the principal amount of
the notes. The underwriters may allow, and dealers may reallow, a
concession not to exceed % of the principal amount of the notes, %
of the principal amount of the notes, % of the principal amount of
the notes, and % of the principal amount of the notes on sales to
other dealers. After the initial offering of the notes, the
offering prices and other selling terms may from time to time be
changed by the representatives. We have agreed to indemnify the
underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), or to contribute to payments which the underwriters may be
required to make in respect of any such liabilities. Underwriting
discounts and expenses The following table shows the underwriting
discounts that we will pay to the underwriters in connection with
this offering:
                                    
                     Paid by Us     
  Per 20  note                   %  
  Per 20  note                   %  
  Per 20  note                   %  
  Per 20  note                   %  
  Total           $                 
                                    
Expenses associated with this offering to be paid by us, other than
underwriting discounts, are estimated to be approximately $
million. S-50
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Stabilization, short positions and penalty bids

In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage in
transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the
prices of the
notes. Specifically, the underwriters may overallot in connection
with the offering, creating a syndicate short position. In
addition, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase, notes in the
open market to cover syndicate short positions or to
stabilize the prices of the notes. The underwriters may also impose
a penalty bid. This occurs when a certain underwriter repays to the
underwriters a portion of the underwriting discount received by it
because the representatives have repurchased
notes sold by or for the account of such underwriter in stabilizing
or short covering transactions. Finally, the underwriting syndicate
may reclaim selling concessions allowed for distributing notes in
the offering if the syndicate repurchases
previously distributed notes in syndicate covering transactions,
stabilization transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities
may stabilize or maintain the market prices of the notes above
independent market levels. The underwriters are not
required to engage in any of these activities, and may end any of
them at any time without notice.

New issue of notes

The notes are new issues of securities with no established trading
markets. We do not intend to apply for listing of the notes on any
securities exchange or for inclusion of the notes on any automated
quotation system. We have been advised by the underwriters that
they presently intend to make markets in the notes after completion
of the offering. However, they are under no
obligation to do so and may discontinue any market-making
activities at any time without notice. We cannot assure the
liquidity of the trading markets for the notes or that active
public markets for the notes will develop. If active public trading
markets for the notes do not develop, the market prices and
liquidity of the notes may be adversely affected.

Other relationships

The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service
financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may
include sales
and trading, commercial and investment banking, advisory,
investment management, investment research, principal investment,
hedging, market making, brokerage and other financial and non-
financial activities
and services. Certain of the underwriters in this offering or their
affiliates have lending or credit arrangements with us, for example
certain of the underwriters or their affiliates are lenders under
each of the Term Loan Facilities and,
consequently, will receive a pro rata portion of the net proceeds
of this offering to the extent net proceeds from this offering are
used to repay in full each of the Term Loan Facilities. See “Use of
proceeds”. The underwriters and their
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish
or express independent research views in respect of such securities
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that
they acquire, long and/or short positions in
such securities and instruments.

In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the
underwriters and their respective
affiliates, officers, directors and employees may purchase, sell or
hold a broad array of investments and actively traded securities,
derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps
and other financial instruments for their own
account and for the accounts of their customers, and such
investment and trading activities may involve or relate to assets,
securities and/or instruments of ours (directly, as collateral
securing other obligations or otherwise), and/or persons and
entities with relationships with us. If any of the underwriters or
their respective affiliates have a lending relationship with us,
certain of those underwriters or their respective affiliates
routinely hedge, and certain other of those underwriters
may hedge, their credit exposure to us consistent with their
customary risk management policies. Typically, these underwriters
and their respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by
entering into transactions which consist of either the
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions
in our securities, including potentially the notes offered hereby.
Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely
affect future trading prices of the notes. The
underwriters and their respective affiliates may also communicate
independent investment recommendations, market color or trading
ideas and/or publish or express independent research views in
respect of such assets, securities or instruments and may
at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they should acquire,
long and/or short positions in such assets, securities and
instruments.

S-51
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Settlement

It is expected that delivery of the notes will be made against
payment therefor on or about , 2024, which is
the business day following the date hereof (such settlement cycle
being referred to as “T+ ”). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange
Act, trades in the secondary
market generally are required to settle in one business day unless
the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise.
Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade the notes on any date
prior to one business day before delivery will be required,
by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will settle in T+ ,
to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such
trade to prevent a failed settlement and should consult their own
advisors.

Selling restrictions

The notes are
offered for sale in those jurisdictions in the United States,
Europe, Asia and elsewhere where it is lawful to make such offers.

Note to Canadian Residents

The notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to
be purchasing, as principal, that are accredited
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106Prospectus
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of theSecurities Act(Ontario), and
are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument
31-103Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant
Obligations. Any resale of the notes must be made in accordance
with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the
prospectus
requirements of applicable securities laws.

Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of
Canada may provide a purchaser
with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus
supplement (including any amendment thereto) contains a
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or
damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s
province or territory for particulars of these
rights or consult with a legal advisor.

Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105Underwriting
Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the underwriters are not required to
comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding
underwriter
conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

Note to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area

The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to
any retail investor in a member state of the European Economic Area
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11)
of Article 4(1) of
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer
would not qualify as a “professional client” as defined in point
(10) of Article 4(1)
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a “qualified investor” as defined in
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the notes
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or
otherwise making them available to any
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs
Regulation.

This prospectus supplement has been prepared on the basis that
any offer of notes in any member state of the EEA will be made
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of notes. This
prospectus supplement is not a prospectus for the purposes
of the Prospectus Regulation.

S-52
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
The above selling restriction is in addition to any other selling
restrictions set out
below.

Note to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom

The notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made
available to
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “U.K.”). For these
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of
the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of
Article 2 of Regulation (EU)
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not
qualify as a “professional client” as defined in point (8) of
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii) not a “qualified investor” as defined in Article 2 of
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by
virtue of the EUWA (the “U.K.
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “U.K. PRIIPs Regulation”)
for offering or selling the notes or
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the U.K. has
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the U.K.
may be unlawful under the U.K. PRIIPs Regulation.
This prospectus supplement has been prepared on the basis that any
offer of notes in the UK will be made pursuant to an exemption
under the UK Prospectus Regulation and the FSMA from the
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of notes. This
prospectus supplement is not a prospectus for the purposes of the
U.K. Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA.

This prospectus supplement is
for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional
experience in matters relating to investments and who qualify as
investment professionals within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial
Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Financial Promotion
Order”), (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d)
(“high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.”) of
the Financial Promotion Order,
(iii) are outside the United Kingdom, or (iv) are persons to whom
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) in connection with
the issue or sale of any securities may
otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated
(all such persons together being referred to as “relevant
persons”). This prospectus supplement is directed only at relevant
persons and must not be acted on or relied on by
persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment
activity to which this prospectus supplement relates is available
only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant
persons.

Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland

The offering of the notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement
to prepare and publish a prospectus under the Swiss Financial
Services Act
(“FinSA”) because such offering is made to professional clients
within the meaning of the FinSA only and the notes will not be
admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral
trading facility) in Switzerland. This
prospectus supplement does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to
the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for
or in connection with the offering of the notes.

Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong

The notes have not been and may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong
by means of any document other than (i) to “professional
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.
571, Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”) and any rules made thereunder, or
(ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document
being a “prospectus”
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) or which do not
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that
Ordinance, and no advertisement, invitation or document
relating to the notes has been or may be issued or has been or may
be in

S-53
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case
whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the
public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the notes
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside
Hong Kong or only to “professional
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.

WARNING: The contents of this document have not been reviewed by
any
regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise
caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any
of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent
professional advice.

Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan

The notes have not been and will not be registered under the
Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948
of Japan,
as amended, the “FIEA”), and the notes may not be offered or sold,
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any
resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person
resident in Japan, including any
corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except
pursuant to an
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any
other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of
Japan.

Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore

This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus have not
been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of
Singapore.
Accordingly, this prospectus supplement, the accompanying
prospectus and any other document or material in connection with
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of
the notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the
notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation
for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to
persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time
to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to
an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)
pursuant to and in
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.

Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product
Classification—Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant
to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures
Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the “SFA”), the Company has
determined, and hereby notifies
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that
the notes are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in
the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations
2018) and Excluded Investment
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on
Recommendations on Investment Products).

S-54
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
LEGAL MATTERS

Certain legal matters, including the validity of the notes offered
hereby, will be passed upon for us by Proskauer Rose LLP, New York,
New
York. The underwriters have been represented in connection with
this offering by Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, New York, New York.

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The consolidated financial statements of AppLovin Corporation and
subsidiaries as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022
and
2021, and for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2023, included elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2023, have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, as stated in their reports, which are incorporated by
reference herein.

S-55
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly
and current reports, proxy statements and other information with
the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at www.sec.govfrom
which interested persons can electronically access our SEC filings.
Our website address is www.applovin.com. The information and other
content contained on, or accessible through, our website are not
incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the
accompanying prospectus. We have included our website address in
this prospectus supplement only as a textual reference and do not
intend it to be an active link to our website. INCORPORATION BY
REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this
prospectus supplement the information contained in documents that
we file with them, which means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to those documents. The
information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of
this prospectus supplement. Information in this prospectus
supplement supersedes information incorporated by reference that we
filed with the SEC prior to the date of this prospectus supplement,
while information that we file later with the SEC will
automatically update and supersede this information. We incorporate
by reference the documents listed below and any filings we will
make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act after the date of this prospectus supplement and prior
to the termination of the offering of securities hereby. Unless
specifically stated to the contrary, none of the information that
we disclose under Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form
8-Kthat we have furnished or may from time to time furnish with the
SEC is or will be incorporated by reference in, or otherwise
included in, this prospectus. The following documents filed with
the SEC are incorporated by reference in this prospectus
supplement:
                                                                   
       our Annual Report on Form                                   
       10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed     
  •    with the SEC on February 26, 2024;                          
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended    
       March 31,                                                   
       2024; June                                                  
       30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on May  
       8, 2024, August 7, 2024 and                                 
  •    November 6, 2024, respectively;                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                           
       our current reports on Form 8-K filed on March 14,  
  •    2024 and June 6, 2024; and                          
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           
                                                                   
       our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule                  
       14A, filed with the SEC on April 23, 2024 (other than       
       information in the definitive proxy statement that is not   
       specifically incorporated by reference in our Annual        
       Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal                          
  •    year ended December 31, 2023).                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
We also incorporate by reference herein any further filings we make
with the SEC under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act after the date of this prospectus supplement and until
we terminate the offering of the notes. Our subsequent filings with
the SEC will automatically update and supersede information in this
prospectus. The documents listed above (excluding the exhibits
attached thereto unless those exhibits are specifically
incorporated by reference into those documents) may be obtained
free of charge by each person to whom a copy of this prospectus is
delivered, upon written or oral request, by contacting us at
AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California
94304, attention: Investor Relations, telephone number (800)
839-9646. S-56
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
PROSPECTUS

AppLovin Corporation

Class A Common Stock

Preferred Stock

Debt Securities

Depositary Shares

Warrants

Subscription Rights

Purchase Contracts

Units

We
may issue securities from time to time in one or more offerings, in
amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of such
offering. This prospectus describes the general terms of these
securities and the general manner in which these
securities will be offered. We will provide the specific terms of
these securities in supplements to this prospectus, which will also
describe the specific manner in which these securities will be
offered and may also supplement, update or amend
information contained in this prospectus. You should read this
prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement before you
invest.

In addition, selling securityholders to be named in a supplement to
this prospectus may from time to time offer or sell our
securities. To the extent that any selling securityholders resell
any of our securities, the selling securityholders may be required
to provide you with this prospectus and a prospectus supplement
identifying and containing specific information
about the selling securityholders and the amount and terms of the
securities being offered. Unless the applicable prospectus
supplement provides otherwise, we will not receive any of the
proceeds from the sale of our securities by selling
securityholders.

The securities may be sold directly to you, through agents or
through underwriters and dealers. If
agents, underwriters or dealers are used to sell the securities, we
will name them and describe their compensation in a prospectus
supplement. The price to the public of those securities and the net
proceeds we expect to receive from that sale will
also be set forth in a prospectus supplement.

Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market
under the symbol “APP.” On May 31, 2023, the last reported sale
price of our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market was $25.01 per share. Each prospectus supplement will
indicate whether the securities offered
thereby will be listed on any securities exchange.

Investing in these securities involves risks. Please carefully read
the information under the headings “ Risk Factors” beginning on
page 4 of this prospectus and “Item 1A—Risk Factors” of our most
recent report on Form 10-Kor 10-Qor under similar heading in any
other document that is incorporated by reference in this prospectus
and the applicable prospectus supplement before you invest in our
securities.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
securities commission has approved or disapproved of these
securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this
prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

The date of this prospectus is June 1, 2023.
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                               
                                         Page  
  About This Prospectus                    ii  
  Prospectus Summary                        1  
  Risk Factors                              4  
  Forward-Looking                           4  
  Statements                                   
  Use of Proceeds                           5  
  Description of Securities                 5  
  Description of Capital Stock              5  
  Description of Debt Securities            5  
  Description of Depositary Shares         13  
  Description of Warrants                  16  
  Description of Subscription Rights       17  
  Description of Purchase Contracts        18  
  Description of Units                     19  
  Selling Securityholders                  19  
  Plan of Distribution                     19  
  Legal Matters                            21  
  Experts                                  22  
  Where You Can Find More Information      22  
  Incorporation by Reference               22  
                                               
i
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS

This prospectus is part of an automatic registration statement on
Form S-3 that we
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using
a “shelf” registration process as a “well-known seasoned issuer” as
defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the
“Securities Act”). Under this shelf registration process, we or
selling securityholders may from time to time sell any combination
of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more
offerings. There is no limit on the aggregate
amount of securities that we or selling securityholders may offer
pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus
forms a part.

This prospectus provides you with a general description of the
securities that may be offered. Each time we or selling
securityholders sell securities, we will provide one or more
prospectus supplements that will contain specific information about
the terms of the offering. The prospectus supplement may also add,
update or change information contained in this
prospectus. You should read both this prospectus and any applicable
prospectus supplement together with the additional information
described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.”
This prospectus contains summaries of
certain provisions contained in certain documents described herein,
but reference is made to the actual documents for complete
information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety
by the actual documents.

We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that
is different from that contained, or incorporated by
reference, in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement
or in any related free writing prospectus. We take no
responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the
reliability of, any other information that others may give you.
This
prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement or any related
free writing prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the
securities described in the applicable prospectus
supplement or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy such securities in any circumstances in which such offer or
solicitation is unlawful. You should assume that the information
appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus
supplement, the documents incorporated by reference and any related
free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective
dates. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects may have changed materially since those
dates.

ii
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information that is presented in
greater detail elsewhere, or incorporated by reference, in this
prospectus. It does not contain all of the information that may
be important to you and your investment decision. Before
investing in our securities, you should carefully read this
entire prospectus, including the matters set forth under the
section of this prospectus captioned “Risk Factors” and the
financial statements and related notes and other information that
we incorporate by reference herein, including our Annual Report
on Form 10-Kand our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.Unless the
context indicates otherwise, references in this prospectus to
“AppLovin Corporation,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer, collectively,
to AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its
consolidated subsidiaries.

Company Overview

Our
mission is to help companies grow their apps and accelerate their
business. Our full stack software solution provides advanced
tools for mobile app developers to grow their businesses by
automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of
their apps. We also operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps and
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition
and partnership strategy. Our scaled business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a
durable competitive advantage that has fueled our clients’
success and our strong growth.

Since our founding in
2011, we have been focused on building a software-based platform
for mobile app developers to improve the marketing and
monetization of their apps. Our founders, who are mobile app
developers themselves, quickly realized the real impediment to
success and growth in the mobile app ecosystem was a discovery
and monetization problem—breaking through the congested app
stores to efficiently find users and successfully grow their
business. Their first-hand experience with these developer
challenges led to the development of our infrastructure and
software—AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software
Platform. We capitalized on our success and understanding of the
mobile app ecosystem by launching AppLovin Apps in 2018. Our
Apps have grown to consist of a globally diversified portfolio of
hundreds of free-to-play mobile games across various genres, run
by numerous studios.

Corporate Information

We
were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July
2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number
is (800)
839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com. Information
contained on, or that is referenced or that can be accessed
through, our website does not constitute part of this prospectus
and inclusions of our
website address in this prospectus are inactive textual
references only.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other
registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade
names appearing in this prospectus are the property of AppLovin
Corporation. Other trademarks and trade names referred to in this
prospectus are the property of their respective owners.

The Securities That May Be Offered

We or selling securityholders may offer or sell Class A common
stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities,
warrants, subscription rights, purchase contracts and units in
one or more offerings and in any combination. Each time
securities are offered with this prospectus, we will provide a
prospectus supplement that will describe the specific amounts,
prices and terms of the securities being offered and the net
proceeds we expect to receive from that sale. Unless the
applicable prospectus supplement provides otherwise, we will not
receive any of the proceeds from the sale of our securities by
selling securityholders.

1
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
The securities may be sold to or through underwriters, dealers or
agents or
directly to purchasers or as otherwise set forth in the section
of this prospectus captioned “Plan of Distribution.” Each
prospectus supplement will set forth the names of any
underwriters, dealers, agents or other entities involved in the
sale of securities described in that prospectus supplement and
any applicable fee, commission or discount arrangements with
them.

Class A Common Stock

We or selling securityholders may offer shares of our Class A
common stock, par value $0.00003 per share, either alone or
underlying other registered securities convertible into our Class
A common stock. Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled
to receive dividends declared by our board of directors out of
funds legally available for the payment of
dividends, subject to rights, if any, of preferred stockholders.
We have not paid dividends in the past and have no current plans
to pay dividends. Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled
to one vote per share. The holders of
Class A common stock have no preemptive rights.

Preferred Stock

Our board of directors has the authority, subject to limitations
prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or
more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares
to be included in each series, and to fix the designation,
powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and
any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in
each case without further vote or action by our stockholders.
Each series of preferred stock offered by us or selling
securityholders will be more fully described in the particular
prospectus supplement that will accompany this prospectus,
including
redemption provisions, rights in the event of our liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, voting rights and rights to convert
into Class A common stock.

Depositary Shares

We may issue fractional shares of preferred stock that will be
represented by depositary shares and depositary receipts.

Each series of depositary shares or depositary receipts offered
by us or selling securityholders will be more fully described
in the particular prospectus supplement that will accompany this
prospectus, including redemption provisions, rights in the event
of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voting rights and
rights to convert into Class A common stock.

Debt Securities

We or selling securityholders may offer secured or unsecured
obligations in the form of one or more series of senior or
subordinated debt. The senior debt securities and the
subordinated debt securities are together referred to in this
prospectus as the “debt securities.” The subordinated debt
securities generally will be entitled to payment only after
payment of our senior debt. Senior debt generally includes all
debt for money borrowed by us, except debt that is stated in the
instrument governing the terms of that debt to be not senior to,
or to have the same rank in right of payment as, or to
be expressly junior to, the subordinated debt securities. We or
selling securityholders may offer debt securities that are
convertible into shares of our Class A common stock.

The debt securities will be issued under an indenture between us
and a trustee to be identified in an accompanying prospectus
supplement. We have summarized the general features of the debt
securities to be governed by the indenture in this prospectus and
the form of indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
We encourage you to read the indenture.

2
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Warrants

We or selling securityholders may offer warrants for the purchase
of Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities or depositary shares. We or selling securityholders
may offer warrants independently or together with other
securities.

Subscription Rights

We or selling securityholders may offer subscription rights to
purchase our Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, depositary shares, warrants or units consisting of
some or all of these securities. These subscription rights may be
offered independently or together with any other security offered
and may or may not be transferable by the
securityholder receiving the subscription rights in such
offering.

Purchase Contracts

We or selling securityholders may offer purchase contracts,
including contracts obligating holders or us to purchase from the
other a specific or variable number of securities at a future
date or dates.

Units

We or selling securityholders may offer units comprised of two or
more of the other classes of securities described in this
prospectus in any combination. Each unit will be issued so that
the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security
included in the unit.

Selling Securityholders

Selling securityholders are persons or entities that, directly or
indirectly, have acquired or will from time to time acquire
from us, our securities. Information about selling
securityholders, if any, will be set forth in a prospectus
supplement. See “Selling Securityholders” in this prospectus.

Use of Proceeds

We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from the sale of
securities by us as set forth in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Unless the applicable prospectus supplement provides
otherwise, we will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale
of securities by selling securityholders.

3
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
RISK FACTORS

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The
prospectus supplement applicable to each offering of our
securities will contain a discussion of the risks applicable to an
investment in our securities. Prior to making a decision about
investing in our securities, you should carefully consider the
specific factors discussed under the section in the
applicable prospectus supplement captioned “Risk Factors,” together
with all of the other information contained or incorporated by
reference in the prospectus supplement or appearing or incorporated
by reference in this prospectus. You
should also consider the risks, uncertainties and assumptions
discussed under “Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors” of our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in
“Part II—Item 1A—Risk Factors” in our most recent Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed subsequent to such Form 10-K that are
incorporated herein by reference, as may be amended, supplemented
or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the
SEC in the future. The risks and uncertainties we have described
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also affect our operations.

FORWARD-LOOKINGSTATEMENTS

This prospectus, each prospectus supplement and the
information incorporated by reference in this prospectus and each
prospectus supplement contain certain statements that constitute
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
“Exchange Act”). The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,”
“continue,” “anticipate,”
“intend,” “expect,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,”
“potentially,” “likely,” and similar expressions and variations
thereof are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such
statements. Those statements appear in this prospectus, any
accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated
herein and therein by reference, particularly in the
sections captioned “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
include statements regarding the intent, belief or current
expectations of our management that
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors.

Because forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some
of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely
upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events.
The events and circumstances reflected in the
forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual
results could differ materially from those projected in the
forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law,
including the securities laws of the United States and
the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not plan to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein
after we distribute this prospectus, whether as a result of any new
information, future events or otherwise.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements
reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant
subject. These statements are based upon information available to
us as of the date such statements were made, and although we
believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such
statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and
our statements should not be read to indicate that we have
conducted a thorough inquiry into, or review of, all potentially
available relevant information. These statements are inherently
uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon
these statements.

This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this
prospectus may contain market data
that we obtain from industry sources. These sources do not
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information. Although
we believe that our industry sources are reliable, we do not
independently verify the information. The market data may
include projections that are based on a number of other
projections. While we believe these assumptions to be reasonable
and sound, actual results may differ from the projections.

4
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from
the sale of securities by us as set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Unless the applicable prospectus supplement
provides otherwise, we will not receive any of the proceeds from
the sale of our securities by selling securityholders. DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES We or selling securityholders may offer from time to
time, in one or more offerings, the following securities:
                                                                   
  •    shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.00003 per      
       share;                                                      
                                                                   
                                                                 
  •    shares of preferred stock, par value $0.00003 per share;  
                                                                 
                           
  •    depositary shares;  
                           
                                                                   
       debt securities, which may be senior or subordinated, and   
  •    which may be convertible into our Class A                   
       common stock or be non-convertible;                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    warrants to purchase from us shares of our Class A common   
       stock or preferred stock or other securities;               
                                                                   
                             
  •    subscription rights;  
                             
                                
  •    purchase contracts; and  
                                
                                                                   
  •    units representing two or more of the foregoing             
       securities.                                                 
                                                                   
We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement and/or
free writing prospectus a description of any Class A common stock,
preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities, warrants,
subscription rights, purchase contracts or units issued by us that
may be offered or sold pursuant to this prospectus. The terms of
the offering of securities, the initial offering price and the net
proceeds to us will be contained in the prospectus supplement, and
other offering material, relating to such offer. DESCRIPTION OF
CAPITAL STOCK The description of our capital stock is incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-Kfor
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on
February 28, 2023. DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES The following
description, together with the additional information we include in
any applicable prospectus supplement, summarizes certain general
terms and provisions of the debt securities that we may offer under
this prospectus. When we offer to sell a particular series of debt
securities, we will describe the specific terms of the series in a
supplement to this prospectus. We will also indicate in the
supplement to what extent the general terms and provisions
described in this prospectus apply to a particular series of debt
securities. We may issue debt securities either separately, or
together with, or upon the conversion or exercise of or in exchange
for, other securities described in this prospectus. Debt securities
may be our senior, senior subordinated or subordinated obligations
and, unless otherwise specified in a supplement to this prospectus,
the debt securities will be our direct, unsecured obligations and
may be issued in one or more series. 5
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
The debt securities will be issued under an indenture between us
and a trustee to be identified in an accompanying prospectus
supplement. We have summarized material provisions of the debt
securities and select portions of the indenture below. The summary
is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by
reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to
a particular series of debt securities. The form of the indenture
has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part and you should read the indenture for
provisions that may be important to you. Supplemental indentures
and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt
securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or will
be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the
SEC, as applicable. In the summary below, we have included
references to the section numbers of the indenture so that you can
easily locate these provisions. Capitalized terms used in the
summary and not defined herein have the meanings specified in the
indenture. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer
to an indenture, we also are referring to any supplemental
indentures that specify the terms of a particular series of debt
securities. General The terms of each series of debt securities
will be established by or pursuant to a resolution of our board of
directors and set forth or determined in the manner provided in a
resolution of our board of directors, in an officer’s certificate
or by a supplemental indenture. The particular terms of each series
of debt securities will be described in a prospectus supplement
relating to such series (including any pricing supplement or term
sheet). We can issue an unlimited amount of debt securities under
the indenture that may be in one or more series with the same or
various maturities, at par, at a premium, or at a discount. We will
set forth in a prospectus supplement (including any pricing
supplement or term sheet) relating to any series of debt securities
being offered the aggregate principal amount and the terms of the
debt securities, including, if applicable:
                                                                   
  •    the title and ranking of the debt securities (including     
       the terms of any subordination provisions);                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the       
  •    principal amount) at which we will sell the debt            
       securities, which may be sold at a discount below their     
       stated principal amount;                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the debt   
       securities;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the date or dates on which the principal of the securities  
       of the series is payable;                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per      
       annum or the method used to determine the rate or rates     
       (including any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange   
       index or financial index) at which the debt securities      
  •    will bear interest, the date or dates from which interest   
       will accrue, the date or dates on which interest will       
       commence and be payable                                     
       and any regular record date for the interest payable on     
       any interest payment date;                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the place or places where principal of, and interest, if    
       any, on the debt securities will be payable (and the        
  •    method of such payment), where the securities of such       
       series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or   
       exchange, and where notices and demands to us in respect    
       of the debt securities may be delivered;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the period or periods within which, the price or prices at  
  •    which and the terms and conditions upon which we            
       may redeem the debt securities;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any obligation we have to redeem or purchase the debt       
       securities pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous        
       provisions or at the option of a holder of debt securities  
  •    and the period or periods within which, the price or        
       prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which     
       securities of the series shall be redeemed or purchased,    
       in whole or in part,                                        
       pursuant to such obligation;                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the dates on which and the price or prices at which we      
  •    will repurchase debt securities at the option of the        
       holders of debt securities and other detailed terms and     
       provisions of these repurchase obligations;                 
                                                                   
6
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the denominations in which the debt securities will be      
  •    issued, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any       
       integral multiple thereof;                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether the debt securities will be issued in the form of   
  •    certificated debt securities or global debt                 
       securities;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the portion of principal amount of the debt securities      
  •    payable upon declaration of acceleration of the             
       maturity date, if other than the principal amount;          
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the currency of denomination of the debt securities, which  
       may be United States dollars or any foreign                 
  •    currency, and if such currency of denomination is a         
       composite currency, the agency or organization, if any,     
       responsible for overseeing such composite currency;         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the designation of the currency, currencies or currency     
  •    units in which payment of principal of, premium and         
       interest on the debt securities will be made;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if payments of principal of, premium or interest on the     
       debt securities will be made in one or more currencies      
  •    or currency units other than that or those in which the     
       debt securities are denominated, the manner in which the    
       exchange rate with respect to these payments will be        
       determined;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal     
       of, premium, if any, or interest on the debt                
  •    securities will be determined, if these amounts may be      
       determined by reference to an index based on a currency or  
       currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity        
       index, stock exchange index or financial index;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any provisions relating to any security provided for the    
       debt securities;                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of     
       Default described in this prospectus or in the              
  •    indenture with respect to the debt securities and any       
       change in the acceleration provisions described in this     
       prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt     
       securities;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants     
  •    described in this prospectus or in the indenture with       
       respect to the debt securities;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any depositaries, interest rate calculation agents,         
  •    exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with       
       respect to the debt securities;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any other terms of the debt securities, which may           
       supplement, modify or delete any provision of the           
       indenture                                                   
  •    as it applies to that series, including any terms that may  
       be required under applicable law or regulations or          
       advisable in connection with the marketing of the           
       securities; and                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries will     
  •    guarantee the debt securities of that series,               
       including the terms of subordination, if any, of such       
       guarantees.                                                 
                                                                   
We may issue debt securities that provide for an amount less than
their stated principal amount to be due and payable upon
declaration of acceleration of their maturity pursuant to the terms
of the indenture. We will provide you with information on the
federal income tax considerations and other special considerations
applicable to any of these debt securities in the applicable
prospectus supplement. If we denominate the purchase price of any
of the debt securities in a foreign currency or currencies or a
foreign currency unit or units, or if the principal of and any
premium and interest on any series of debt securities is payable in
a foreign currency or currencies or a foreign currency unit or
units, we will provide you with information on the restrictions,
elections, general tax considerations, specific terms and other
information with respect to that issue of debt securities and such
foreign currency or currencies or foreign currency unit or units in
the applicable prospectus supplement. Transfer and Exchange Each
debt security will be represented by either one or more global
securities registered in the name of a clearing agency registered
under the Exchange Act, which we refer to as the depositary, or a
nominee of the 7
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
depositary (we will refer to any debt security represented by a
global debt security as a “book-entry debt security”), or a
certificate issued in definitive registered form (we will refer to
any debt security represented by a certificated security as a
“certificated debt security”) as set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Except as set forth under the heading
“Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System” below, book-entry
debt securities will not be issuable in certificated form.
Certificated Debt Securities You may transfer or exchange
certificated debt securities at any office we maintain for this
purpose in accordance with the terms of the indenture. No service
charge will be made for any transfer or exchange of certificated
debt securities, but we may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection
with a transfer or exchange. You may effect the transfer of
certificated debt securities and the right to receive the principal
of, premium and interest on certificated debt securities only by
surrendering the certificate representing those certificated debt
securities and either reissuance by us or the trustee of the
certificate to the new holder or the issuance by us or the trustee
of a new certificate to the new holder. Global Debt Securities and
Book-Entry System Each global debt security representing book-entry
debt securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, the
depositary, and registered in the name of the depositary or a
nominee of the depositary. Covenants We will set forth in the
applicable prospectus supplement any restrictive covenants
applicable to any issue or series of debt securities. No Protection
in the Event of a Change of Control Unless we state otherwise in
the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not
contain any provisions which may provide holders of the debt
securities protection in the event we have a change in control or
in the event of a highly leveraged transaction (whether or not such
transaction results in a change in control) which could adversely
affect holders of debt securities. Consolidation, Merger and Sale
of Assets We may not consolidate with or merge with or into, or
convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our
properties and assets to any person, which we refer to as a
successor person, unless:
                                                                   
       we are the surviving corporation or the successor person    
       (if other than us) is a corporation organized and           
  •    validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic        
       jurisdiction and expressly assumes our obligations on the   
       debt securities and under the indenture; and                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no      
  •    Default or Event of Default, shall have occurred and be     
       continuing.                                                 
                                                                   
Notwithstanding the above, any of our subsidiaries may consolidate
with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to us.
Events of Default “Event of Default” means with respect to any
series of debt securities, any of the following:
                                                                   
       default in the payment of any interest upon any debt        
  •    security of that series when it becomes due and payable,    
       and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days     
       (unless the entire amount of the                            
                                                                   
8
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                      
  payment is deposited by us with the trustee or      
  with a paying agent prior to the expiration of the  
  30-day period);                                     
                                                      
                                                                   
  •    default in the payment of principal of any security of      
       that series at its maturity;                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       default in the performance or breach of any other covenant  
       or warranty by us in the indenture (other than a            
       covenant or warranty that has been included in the          
       indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt        
       securities other than that series), which default           
  •    continues uncured for a period of 60 days after we receive  
       written notice from the trustee, or                         
       we and the trustee receive written notice from the holders  
       of not less than 25% in principal amount of the             
       outstanding debt securities of that series as provided in   
       the indenture;                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    certain voluntary or involuntary events of bankruptcy,      
       insolvency or reorganization of us; and                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any other Event of Default provided with respect to debt    
  •    securities of that series that is described in the          
       applicable prospectus supplement.                           
                                                                   
No Event of Default with respect to a particular series of debt
securities (except as to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency
or reorganization) necessarily constitutes an Event of Default with
respect to any other series of debt securities. The occurrence of
certain Events of Default or an acceleration under the indenture
may constitute an event of default under certain indebtedness of
ours or our subsidiaries outstanding from time to time. We will
provide the trustee written notice of any Default or Event of
Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such
Default or Event of Default, which notice will describe in
reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default
and what action we are taking or propose to take in respect
thereof. If an Event of Default with respect to debt securities of
any series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing (except
an Event of Default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization), then the trustee or the holders of
not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of that series may, by a notice in writing to us (and to
the trustee if given by the holders), declare to be due and payable
immediately the principal of (or, if the debt securities of that
series are discount securities, that portion of the principal
amount as may be specified in the terms of that series) and accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on all debt securities of that series.
In the case of an Event of Default resulting from certain events of
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal (or such
specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on
all outstanding debt securities will become and be immediately due
and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the
trustee or any holder of outstanding debt securities. At any time
after a declaration of acceleration with respect to debt securities
of any series has been made, but before a judgment or decree for
payment of the money due has been obtained by the trustee, the
holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of that series may rescind and annul the acceleration if
all Events of Default, other than the non-paymentof accelerated
principal and interest, if any, with respect to debt securities of
that series, have been cured or waived as provided in the
indenture. We refer you to the prospectus supplement relating to
any series of debt securities that are discount securities for the
particular provisions relating to acceleration of a portion of the
principal amount of such discount securities upon the occurrence of
an Event of Default. The indenture will provide that the trustee
may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any of its rights or
powers under the indenture unless the trustee receives indemnity
satisfactory to it against any cost, liability or expense which
might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such
right or power. Subject to certain rights of the trustee, the
holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of any series will have the right to direct the time,
method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy
available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred
on the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series.
9
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
No holder of any debt security of any series will have any right to
institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to
the indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or
for any remedy under the indenture, unless:
                                                                   
       that holder has previously given to the trustee written     
  •    notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect        
       to debt securities of that series; and                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of     
       the outstanding debt securities of that series have         
       made written request, and offered indemnity or security     
       satisfactory to the trustee, to the trustee to institute    
  •    the proceeding as trustee, and the trustee has not          
       received from the holders of not less than a majority in    
       principal amount of the                                     
       outstanding debt securities of that series a direction      
       inconsistent with that request and has failed to institute  
       the proceeding within 60 days.                              
                                                                   
Notwithstanding any other provision in the indenture, the holder of
any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to
receive payment of the principal of, premium and any interest on
that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt
security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment. The
indenture requires us, within 120 days after the end of our fiscal
year, to furnish to the trustee a statement as to compliance with
the indenture. If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is
continuing with respect to the securities of any series and if it
is known to a responsible officer of the trustee, the trustee shall
send to each securityholder of the securities of that series notice
of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or,
if later, after a responsible officer of the trustee has knowledge
of such Default or Event of Default. The indenture will provide
that the trustee may withhold notice to the holders of debt
securities of any series of any Default or Event of Default (except
in payment on any debt securities of that series) with respect to
debt securities of that series if the trustee determines in good
faith that withholding notice is in the interest of the holders of
those debt securities. Modification and Waiver We and the trustee
may modify, amend or supplement the indenture or the debt
securities of any series without the consent of any holder of any
debt security:
                                                        
  •    to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency;  
                                                        
                                                                   
       to comply with covenants in the indenture described above   
  •    under the heading “Consolidation, Merger and                
       Sale of Assets”;                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to provide for uncertificated securities in addition to or  
       in place of certificated securities;                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to add guarantees with respect to debt securities of any    
       series or secure debt securities of any series;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to surrender any of our rights or powers under the          
       indenture;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of    
       the holders of debt securities of any series;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable  
       depositary;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to make any change that does not adversely affect the       
       rights of any holder of debt securities;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and   
  •    terms and conditions of debt securities of any              
       series as permitted by the indenture;                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to effect the appointment of a successor trustee with       
       respect to the debt securities of any series and to add     
  •    to or change any of the provisions of the indenture to      
       provide for or facilitate administration by more than one   
       trustee; or                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect   
  •    or maintain the qualification of the indenture under        
       the Trust Indenture Act.                                    
                                                                   
10
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
We may also modify and amend the indenture with the consent of the
holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the
outstanding debt securities of each series affected by the
modifications or amendments. We may not make any modification or
amendment without the consent of the holders of each affected debt
security then outstanding if that amendment will:
                                                                   
  •    reduce the amount of debt securities whose holders must     
       consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of        
  •    interest (including default interest) on any debt           
       security;                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       reduce the principal of or premium on or change the fixed   
       maturity of any debt security or reduce the amount          
  •    of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any      
       sinking fund or analogous obligation with respect to any    
       series of debt securities;                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    reduce the principal amount of discount securities payable  
       upon acceleration of maturity;                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       waive a default in the payment of the principal of,         
       premium or interest on any debt security (except a          
       rescission of acceleration of the debt securities of any    
  •    series by the holders of at least a majority in aggregate   
       principal amount of the then outstanding debt securities    
       of that series and a waiver of the payment default that     
       resulted from such                                          
       acceleration);                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       make the principal of or premium or interest on any debt    
  •    security payable in currency other than that stated         
       in the debt security;                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       make any change to certain provisions of the indenture      
       relating to, among other things, the right of holders       
  •    of debt securities to receive payment of the principal of,  
       premium and interest on those debt securities and to        
       institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and  
       to waivers or amendments; or                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    waive a redemption payment with respect to any debt         
       security.                                                   
                                                                   
Except for certain specified provisions, the holders of at least a
majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of
any series may on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of
that series waive our compliance with provisions of the indenture.
The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding
debt securities of any series may on behalf of the holders of all
the debt securities of such series waive any past default under the
indenture with respect to that series and its consequences, except
a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or any
interest on any debt security of that series; provided, however,
that the holders of a majority in principal amount of the
outstanding debt securities of any series may rescind an
acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment
default that resulted from the acceleration. Defeasance of Debt
Securities and Certain Covenants in Certain Circumstances Legal
Defeasance The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise
provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities,
we may be discharged from any and all obligations in respect of the
debt securities of any series (subject to certain exceptions). We
will be so discharged upon the irrevocable deposit with the
trustee, in trust, of money and/or U.S. government obligations or,
in the case of debt securities denominated in a single currency
other than U.S. dollars, government obligations of the government
that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the
payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms,
will provide money or U.S. government obligations in an amount
sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of
independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and
discharge each installment of principal, premium and interest on
and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt
securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments
in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt
securities. This discharge may occur only if, among other things,
we have delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel stating that
we have received from, or there has been published by, the United
States Internal Revenue Service a 11
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has
been a change in the applicable United States federal income tax
law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such
opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt securities of
that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United
States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit,
defeasance and discharge and will be subject to United States
federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and
at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit,
defeasance and discharge had not occurred. Defeasance of Certain
Covenants The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise
provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities,
upon compliance with certain conditions:
                                                                   
       we may omit to comply with the covenant described under     
       the heading “Consolidation, Merger and Sale of              
  •    Assets” and certain other covenants set forth in the        
       indenture, as well as any additional covenants which may    
       be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement; and   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any omission to comply with those covenants will not        
  •    constitute a Default or an Event of Default with respect    
       to the debt securities of that series.                      
                                                                   
We refer to this as covenant defeasance. The conditions include:
                                                                   
       depositing with the trustee money and/or U.S. government    
       obligations or, in the case of debt securities              
       denominated in a single currency other than U.S. dollars,   
       government obligations of the government that issued or     
       caused to be issued such currency, that, through the        
       payment of interest and principal in accordance with their  
       terms, will provide                                         
  •    money in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a           
       nationally recognized firm of independent public            
       accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each    
       installment of principal of, premium and interest on and    
       any mandatory sinking fund payments                         
       in respect of the debt securities of that series on the     
       stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the    
       terms of the indenture and those debt securities;           
                                                                   
                                                                   
       such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of,   
  •    or constitute a default under the indenture or any          
       other agreement to which we are a party;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       no Default or Event of Default with respect to the          
  •    applicable series of debt securities shall have occurred    
       or                                                          
       is continuing on the date of such deposit; and              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       delivering to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the      
       effect that we have received from, or there has been        
       published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a  
       ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture,    
       there has been a change in the applicable United States     
       federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that,  
       and based thereon                                           
  •    such opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt    
       securities of that series will not recognize income, gain   
       or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a  
       result of the deposit and related covenant defeasance and   
       will be subject                                             
       to United States federal income tax on the same amounts     
       and in the same manner and at the same times as would have  
       been the case if the deposit and related covenant           
       defeasance had not occurred.                                
                                                                   
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees or
Stockholders None of our past, present or future directors,
officers, employees or stockholders, as such, will have any
liability for any of our obligations under the debt securities or
the indenture or for any claim based on, or in respect or by reason
of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a debt
security, each holder waives and releases all such liability. This
waiver and release is part of the consideration for the issue of
the debt securities. However, this waiver and release may not be
effective to waive liabilities under U.S. federal securities laws,
and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public
policy. 12
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
Governing Law

The indenture and the debt securities, including any claim or
controversy arising out of or relating to the indenture or the
securities, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

The indenture will provide that we, the trustee and
the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt
securities) irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal
proceeding arising out of or relating to the
indenture, the debt securities or the transactions contemplated
thereby.

The indenture will provide that any legal suit,
action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the indenture or
the transactions contemplated thereby may be instituted in the
federal courts of the United States of America located in the City
of New York or the courts of the State of New York
in each case located in the City of New York, and we, the trustee
and the holder of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the
debt securities) irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of such
courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The indenture will
further provide that service of any process, summons, notice or
document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable
statute or rule of court) to such party’s address set
forth in the indenture will be effective service of process for any
suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The
indenture will further provide that we, the trustee and the holders
of the debt securities (by their acceptance of
the debt securities) irrevocably and unconditionally waive any
objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other
proceeding in the courts specified above and irrevocably and
unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such
suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.

DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES

General

We may,
at our option, elect to offer fractional shares of preferred stock,
or depositary shares, rather than full shares of preferred stock.
If we do, we will issue to the public receipts, called depositary
receipts, for depositary shares, each of which
will represent a fraction, to be described in the applicable
prospectus supplement, of a share of a particular series of
preferred stock. Unless otherwise provided in the prospectus
supplement, each owner of a depositary share will be entitled, in
proportion to the applicable fractional interest in a share of
preferred stock represented by the depositary share, to all the
rights and preferences of the preferred stock represented by the
depositary share. Those rights may include dividend,
voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation rights.

The shares of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares
will be deposited with a bank or trust company selected by us to
act as depositary under a deposit agreement between us, the
depositary and the holders of the depositary receipts. The
depositary will be the transfer agent, registrar and dividend
disbursing agent for the depositary shares.

The depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts
issued
pursuant to the deposit agreement. Holders of depositary receipts
agree to be bound by the deposit agreement, which requires holders
to take certain actions such as filing proof of residence and
paying certain charges.

The summary of terms of the depositary shares contained in this
prospectus is not complete. You should refer to the applicable
deposit agreement, our certificate of incorporation and the
certificate of designation for the applicable series of preferred
stock that are, or will be, filed with the SEC.

Dividends and Other Distributions

The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash
distributions, if any, received in respect of the preferred
stock underlying the depositary shares to the record holders of
depositary shares in proportion to the

13
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
numbers of depositary shares owned by those holders on the relevant
record date. The relevant record date for depositary shares will be
the same date as the record date for the underlying
preferred stock.

If there is a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will
distribute property (including
securities) received by it to the record holders of depositary
shares, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to
make the distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with our
approval, adopt another method for the
distribution, including selling the property and distributing the
net proceeds from the sale to the holders.

Liquidation Preference

If a series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares has
a liquidation preference, in the event of our voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of
depositary shares will be entitled to receive the fraction of the
liquidation preference accorded each share of the applicable series
of preferred stock, as set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement.

Withdrawal of Stock

Unless the related depositary shares have been previously called
for redemption, upon surrender of the depositary receipts at
the office of the depositary, the holder of the depositary shares
will be entitled to delivery, at the office of the depositary to or
upon his or her order, of the number of whole shares of the
preferred stock and any money or other property
represented by the depositary shares. If the depositary receipts
delivered by the holder evidence a number of depositary shares in
excess of the number of depositary shares representing the number
of whole shares of preferred stock to be withdrawn,
the depositary will deliver to the holder at the same time a new
depositary receipt evidencing the excess number of depositary
shares. In no event will the depositary deliver fractional shares
of preferred stock upon surrender of depositary
receipts. Holders of preferred stock thus withdrawn may not
thereafter deposit those shares under the deposit agreement or
receive depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares therefor.

Redemption of Depositary Shares

Whenever we redeem shares of preferred stock held by the
depositary, the depositary will redeem as of the same redemption
date
the number of depositary shares representing shares of the
preferred stock so redeemed, so long as we have paid in full to the
depositary the redemption price of the preferred stock to be
redeemed plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid
dividends on the preferred stock to the date fixed for redemption.
The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to the
redemption price and any other amounts per share payable on the
preferred stock multiplied by the fraction of a share
of preferred stock represented by one depositary share. If less
than all the depositary shares are to be redeemed, the depositary
shares to be redeemed will be selected by lot or pro rata or by any
other equitable method as may be determined by the
depositary.

After the date fixed for redemption, depositary shares called for
redemption will no longer be deemed to be
outstanding and all rights of the holders of depositary shares will
cease, except the right to receive the monies payable upon
redemption and any money or other property to which the holders of
the depositary shares were entitled upon redemption
upon surrender to the depositary of the depositary receipts
evidencing the depositary shares.

Voting the Preferred Stock

Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of the
preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will
mail the information contained in the notice of meeting to the
record holders of the depositary receipts relating to that
preferred stock. The record date for the depositary receipts
relating to the preferred stock will be the same date as the
record date for the preferred stock. Each record holder of the
depositary shares on the record date will be entitled to instruct
the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights pertaining
to the

14
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
number of shares of preferred stock represented by that holder’s
depositary shares. The depositary will endeavor, insofar as
practicable, to vote the number of shares of preferred stock
represented by the depositary shares in accordance with those
instructions, and we will agree to take all action that may be
deemed necessary by the depositary in order to enable the
depositary to do so. The depositary will not vote any shares of
preferred stock except to the extent that it receives specific
instructions from the holders of depositary shares representing
that number of shares of preferred stock. Charges of the Depositary
We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges
arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements.
We will pay charges of the depositary in connection with the
initial deposit of the preferred stock and any redemption of the
preferred stock. Holders of depositary receipts will pay transfer,
income and other taxes and governmental charges and such other
charges (including those in connection with the receipt and
distribution of dividends, the sale or exercise of rights, the
withdrawal of the preferred stock and the transferring, splitting
or grouping of depositary receipts) as are expressly provided in
the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. If these charges
have not been paid by the holders of depositary receipts, the
depositary may refuse to transfer depositary shares, withhold
dividends and distributions and sell the depositary shares
evidenced by the depositary receipt. Amendment and Termination of
the Deposit Agreement The depositary receipt evidencing the
depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement may be
amended by agreement between us and the depositary. However, any
amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the
holders of depositary shares, other than fee changes, will not be
effective unless the amendment has been approved by the holders of
a majority of the outstanding depositary shares. The deposit
agreement may be terminated by the depositary or us only if:
                                                                 
  •    all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or  
                                                                 
                                                                   
       there has been a final distribution of the preferred stock  
  •    in connection with our dissolution and such                 
       distribution has been made to all the holders of            
       depositary shares.                                          
                                                                   
Resignation and Removal of Depositary The depositary may resign at
any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so, and
we may remove the depositary at any time. Any resignation or
removal of the depositary will take effect upon our appointment of
a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment. The
successor depositary must be appointed within 60 days after
delivery of the notice of resignation or removal and must be a bank
or trust company having its principal office in the United States
and having the requisite combined capital and surplus as set forth
in the applicable agreement. Notices The depositary will forward to
holders of depositary receipts all notices, reports and other
communications, including proxy solicitation materials received
from us, that are delivered to the depositary and that we are
required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. In
addition, the depositary will make available for inspection by
holders of depositary receipts at the principal office of the
depositary, and at such other places as it may from time to time
deem advisable, any reports and communications we deliver to the
depositary as the holder of preferred stock. Limitation of
Liability Neither we nor the depositary will be liable if either is
prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond its control
in performing its obligations. Our obligations and those of the
depositary will be limited to 15
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
performance in good faith of our and its duties thereunder. We and
the depositary will not be obligated to prosecute or defend any
legal proceeding in respect of any depositary shares or preferred
stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. We and the
depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants,
on information provided by persons presenting preferred stock for
deposit, holders of depositary receipts or other persons believed
to be competent to give such information and on documents believed
to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
party or parties. DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS We may issue warrants to
purchase debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or
Class A common stock. We may offer warrants separately or together
with one or more additional warrants, debt securities, preferred
stock, depositary shares or Class A common stock, or any
combination of those securities in the form of units, as described
in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we issue warrants as
part of a unit, the applicable prospectus supplement will specify
whether those warrants may be separated from the other securities
in the unit prior to the expiration date of the warrants. The
applicable prospectus supplement will also describe the following
terms of any warrants, as applicable:
                                                                   
  •    the specific designation and aggregate number of, and the   
       offering price at which we will issue, the warrants;        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the currency or currency units in which the offering        
       price, if any, and the exercise price are payable;          
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will   
       begin and the date on which that right will expire          
  •    or, if you may not continuously exercise the warrants       
       throughout that period, the specific date or dates on       
       which you may exercise the warrants;                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    whether the warrants are to be sold separately or with      
       other securities as parts of units;                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether the warrants will be issued in definitive or        
       global form or in any combination of these forms,           
  •    although, in any case, the form of a warrant included in a  
       unit will correspond to the form of the unit and of any     
       security included in that unit;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any applicable material U.S. federal income tax             
       consequences;                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the identity of the warrant agent for the warrants and of   
  •    any other depositaries, execution or paying agents,         
       transfer agents, registrars or other agents;                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the proposed listing, if any, of the warrants or any        
  •    securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants on     
       any securities exchange;                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the designation and terms of any equity securities          
       purchasable upon exercise of the warrants;                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the designation, aggregate principal amount, currency and   
  •    terms of any debt securities that may be purchased          
       upon exercise of the warrants;                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if applicable, the designation and terms of the debt        
  •    securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or           
       Class A common stock with which the warrants are issued     
       and the number of warrants issued with each security;       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if applicable, the date from and after which any warrants   
  •    issued as part of a unit and the related debt               
       securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or Class A   
       common stock will be separately transferable;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the number of shares of preferred stock, the number of      
       depositary shares or the number of shares of                
  •    Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a         
       warrant and the price at which those shares may be          
       purchased;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of the         
       warrants that may be exercised at any one time;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any;  
                                                                   
16
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the antidilution provisions, and other provisions for       
  •    changes to or adjustment in the exercise price, of the      
       warrants, if any;                                           
                                                                   
                                               
  •    any redemption or call provisions; and  
                                               
                                                                   
       any additional terms of the warrants, including terms,      
  •    procedures and limitations relating to the exchange or      
       exercise of the warrants.                                   
                                                                   
DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS We may issue subscription rights
to purchase our Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, depositary shares, warrants or units consisting of some
or all of these securities. These subscription rights may be
offered independently or together with any other security offered
and may or may not be transferable by the securityholder receiving
the subscription rights in such offering. In connection with any
offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby
arrangement with one or more underwriters or other purchasers
pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be
required to purchase any securities remaining unsubscribed for
after such offering. The prospectus supplement relating to any
subscription rights we offer, if any, will, to the extent
applicable, include specific terms relating to the offering,
including some or all of the following:
                                                        
  •    the price, if any, for the subscription rights;  
                                                        
                                                                   
       the exercise price payable for our Class A common stock,    
       preferred stock, debt securities, depositary                
  •    shares, warrants or units consisting of some or all of      
       these securities upon the exercise of the subscription      
       rights;                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the number of subscription rights to be issued to each      
       securityholder;                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the number and terms of our Class A common stock,           
       preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares,        
  •    warrants or units consisting of some or all of these        
       securities which may be purchased per each subscription     
       right;                                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the extent to which the subscription rights are             
       transferable;                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any other terms of the subscription rights, including the   
  •    terms, procedures and limitations relating to the           
       exchange and exercise of the subscription rights;           
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the date on which the right to exercise the subscription    
  •    rights shall commence, and the date on which the            
       subscription rights shall expire;                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the extent to which the subscription rights may include an  
  •    over-subscription privilege with respect to                 
       unsubscribed securities or an over-allotment privilege to   
       the extent the securities are fully subscribed; and         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if applicable, the material terms of any standby            
  •    underwriting or purchase arrangement which may be entered   
       into by us in connection with the offering of subscription  
       rights.                                                     
                                                                   
The descriptions of the subscription rights in this prospectus and
in any prospectus supplement are summaries of the material
provisions of the applicable subscription right agreements. These
descriptions do not restate those subscription right agreements in
their entirety and may not contain all the information that you may
find useful. We urge you to read the applicable subscription right
agreements because they, and not the summaries, define your rights
as holders of the subscription rights. For more information, please
review the forms of the relevant subscription right agreements,
which will be filed with the SEC promptly after the offering of
subscription rights and will be available as described in the
section of this prospectus captioned “Where You Can Find More
Information.” 17
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS The following description
summarizes the general features of the purchase contracts that we
may offer under this prospectus. Although the features we have
summarized below will generally apply to any future purchase
contracts we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the
particular terms of any purchase contracts that we may offer in
more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. The specific
terms of any purchase contracts may differ from the description
provided below as a result of negotiations with third parties in
connection with the issuance of those purchase contracts, as well
as for other reasons. Because the terms of any purchase contracts
we offer under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms we
describe below, you should rely solely on information in the
applicable prospectus supplement if that summary is different from
the summary in this prospectus. We will incorporate by reference
into the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
any purchase contract that we may offer under this prospectus
before the sale of the related purchase contract. We urge you to
read any applicable prospectus supplement related to specific
purchase contracts being offered, as well as the complete
instruments that contain the terms of the securities that are
subject to those purchase contracts. Certain of those instruments,
or forms of those instruments, have been filed as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and
supplements to those instruments or forms may be incorporated by
reference into the registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part from reports we file with the SEC. We may issue purchase
contracts, including contracts obligating holders to purchase from
us, and for us to sell to holders, a specific or variable number of
our securities at a future date or dates. Alternatively, the
purchase contracts may obligate us to purchase from holders, and
obligate holders to sell to us, a specific or varying number of our
securities. If we offer any purchase contracts, certain terms of
that series of purchase contracts will be described in the
applicable prospectus supplement, including, without limitation,
the following:
                                                                   
       the price of the securities or other property subject to    
  •    the purchase contracts (which may be determined by          
       reference to a specific formula described in the purchase   
       contracts);                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether the purchase contracts are issued separately, or    
       as a part of units each consisting of a purchase            
  •    contract and one or more of our other securities,           
       including U.S. Treasury securities, securing the holder’s   
       obligations under the purchase contract;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any requirement for us to make periodic payments to         
  •    holders or vice versa, and whether the payments are         
       unsecured or pre-funded;                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any provisions relating to any security provided for the    
       purchase contracts;                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether the purchase contracts obligate the holder or us    
       to purchase or sell, or both purchase and sell, the         
  •    securities subject to purchase under the purchase           
       contract, and the nature and amount of each of those        
       securities, or the method of determining those amounts;     
                                                                   
                                                                 
  •    whether the purchase contracts are to be prepaid or not;  
                                                                 
                                                                   
       whether the purchase contracts are to be settled by         
  •    delivery, or by reference or linkage to the value,          
       performance or level of the securities subject to purchase  
       under the purchase contract;                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any acceleration, cancellation, termination or other        
  •    provisions relating to the settlement of the purchase       
       contracts;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax             
       considerations applicable to the purchase contracts;        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    whether the purchase contracts will be issued in fully      
       registered or global form; and                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any other terms of the purchase contracts and any           
       securities subject to such purchase contracts.              
                                                                   
18
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprising two or more
securities described in this prospectus in any combination. For
example, we might issue units consisting of a combination of debt
securities and warrants to purchase Class A common stock. The
following description sets forth certain general terms and
provisions of the units that we may offer pursuant to this
prospectus. The particular terms of the units and the extent, if
any, to which the general terms and provisions may apply to the
units so offered will be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Each unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit
also is the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the
unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each
included security. Units will be issued pursuant to the terms of a
unit agreement, which may provide that the securities included in
the unit may not be held or transferred separately at any time or
at any time before a specified date. A copy of the forms of the
unit agreement and the unit certificate relating to any particular
issue of units will be filed with the SEC each time we issue units,
and you should read those documents for provisions that may be
important to you. For more information on how you can obtain copies
of the forms of the unit agreement and the related unit
certificate, see the section of this prospectus captioned “Where
You Can Find More Information.” The prospectus supplement relating
to any particular issuance of units will describe the terms of
those units, including, to the extent applicable, the following:
                                                                   
       the designation and terms of the units and the securities   
  •    comprising the units, including whether and under           
       what circumstances those securities may be held or          
       transferred separately;                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any provision for the issuance, payment, settlement,        
  •    transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities      
       comprising the units; and                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    whether the units will be issued in fully registered or     
       global form.                                                
                                                                   
SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS Information about selling securityholders,
if applicable, will be set forth in a prospectus supplement, in a
post-effective amendment to this registration statement, or in
filings we make with the SEC under the Exchange Act that are
incorporated by reference. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We and selling
securityholders may sell securities:
                              
  •    through underwriters;  
                              
                         
  •    through dealers;  
                         
                        
  •    through agents;  
                        
                                   
  •    directly to purchasers; or  
                                   
                                                               
  •    through a combination of any of these methods of sale.  
                                                               
In addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or
distribution or in a subscription rights offering to our existing
securityholders. We or selling securityholders may directly solicit
offers to purchase securities or agents may be designated to
solicit such offers. We will, in the prospectus supplement relating
to such offering, name any agent that could be viewed as an
underwriter under the Securities Act and describe any commissions
that we must pay. Any such 19
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its
appointment or, if indicated in the applicable prospectus
supplement, on a firm commitment basis. This prospectus may be used
in connection with any offering of our securities through any of
these methods or other methods described in the applicable
prospectus supplement. The distribution of the securities may be
effected from time to time in one or more transactions:
                                                                   
  •    at a fixed price or prices that may be changed from time    
       to time;                                                    
                                                                   
                                                         
  •    at market prices prevailing at the time of sale;  
                                                         
                                                               
  •    at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or  
                                                               
                              
  •    at negotiated prices.  
                              
Each prospectus supplement will describe the method of distribution
of the securities and any applicable restrictions. The prospectus
supplement with respect to the securities of a particular series
will describe the terms of the offering of the securities,
including the following:
                                                   
  •    the name of the agent or any underwriters;  
                                                   
                                               
  •    the public offering or purchase price;  
                                               
                                                                 
  •    if applicable, the names of any selling securityholders;  
                                                                 
                                                                   
  •    any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to the  
       agent or underwriters;                                      
                                                                   
                                                                
  •    all other items constituting underwriting compensation;  
                                                                
                                                                   
  •    any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to      
       dealers; and                                                
                                                                   
                                                              
  •    any exchanges on which the securities will be listed.  
                                                              
If any underwriters or agents are utilized in the sale of the
securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered, we,
selling securityholders, or both will enter into an underwriting
agreement or other agreement with them at the time of sale to them,
and we will set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to such
offering the names of the underwriters or agents and the terms of
the related agreement with them. If a dealer is utilized in the
sale of the securities in respect of which the prospectus is
delivered, we, selling securityholders, or both will sell such
securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell
such securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by
such dealer at the time of resale. If we offer securities in a
subscription rights offering to our existing securityholders, we
may enter into a standby underwriting agreement with dealers,
acting as standby underwriters. We may pay the standby underwriters
a commitment fee for the securities they commit to purchase on a
standby basis. If we do not enter into a standby underwriting
arrangement, we may retain a dealer-manager to manage a
subscription rights offering for us. Agents, underwriters, dealers
and other persons may be entitled under agreements that they may
enter into with us and selling securityholders to indemnification
by us against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Selling securityholders may be deemed to
be underwriters under the Securities Act in connection with the
securities they resell and any profits on the sales may be deemed
to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities
Act. 20
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
If so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will
authorize underwriters or other persons acting as our agents to
solicit offers by certain institutions to purchase securities from
us pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and
delivery on the date stated in the prospectus supplement. Each
contract will be for an amount not less than, and the aggregate
amount of securities sold pursuant to such contracts shall not be
less nor more than, the respective amounts stated in the prospectus
supplement. Institutions with whom the contracts, when authorized,
may be made include commercial and savings banks, insurance
companies, pension funds, investment companies, educational and
charitable institutions and other institutions, but shall in all
cases be subject to our approval. Delayed delivery contracts will
not be subject to any conditions except that:
                                                                   
       the purchase by an institution of the securities covered    
  •    under that contract shall not at the time of delivery       
       be prohibited under the laws of the jurisdiction to which   
       that institution is subject; and                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if the securities are also being sold to underwriters       
  •    acting as principals for their own account, the             
       underwriters shall have purchased such securities not sold  
       for delayed delivery.                                       
                                                                   
The underwriters and other persons acting as agents will not have
any responsibility in respect of the validity or performance of
delayed delivery contracts. Certain agents, underwriters and
dealers, and their associates and affiliates may be customers of,
have borrowing relationships with, engage in other transactions
with, and/or perform services, including investment banking
services, for us or one or more of our respective affiliates in the
ordinary course of business. In order to facilitate the offering of
the securities, any underwriters may engage in transactions that
stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities
or any other securities the prices of which may be used to
determine payments on such securities. Specifically, any
underwriters may over-allot in connection with the offering,
creating a short position for their own accounts. In addition, to
cover over-allotments or to stabilize the price of the securities
or of any such other securities, the underwriters may bid for, and
purchase, the securities or any such other securities in the open
market. Finally, in any offering of the securities through a
syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting syndicate may reclaim
selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for
distributing the securities in the offering if the syndicate
repurchases previously distributed securities in transactions to
cover syndicate short positions, in stabilization transactions or
otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the
market price of the securities above independent market levels. Any
such underwriters are not required to engage in these activities
and may end any of these activities at any time. Under Rule
15c6-1of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally
are required to settle in two business days, unless the parties to
any such trade expressly agree otherwise. The applicable prospectus
supplement may provide that the original issue date for your
securities may be more than two scheduled business days after the
trade date for your securities. Accordingly, in such a case, if you
wish to trade securities on any date prior to the third business
day before the original issue date for your securities, you will be
required, by virtue of the fact that your securities initially are
expected to settle in more than two scheduled business days after
the trade date for your securities, to make alternative settlement
arrangements to prevent a failed settlement. The securities may be
new issues of securities and may have no established trading
market. The securities may or may not be listed on a national
securities exchange. We can make no assurance as to the liquidity
of or the existence of trading markets for any of the securities.
LEGAL MATTERS Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional
Corporation, Palo Alto, California, will pass upon certain legal
matters relating to the issuance and sale of any securities offered
by this prospectus and any supplement thereto. Additional legal
matters may be passed on for us, or any underwriters, dealers or
agents by counsel we will name in the applicable prospectus
supplement. 21
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
EXPERTS The financial statements of AppLovin Corporation
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, and the effectiveness
of AppLovin Corporation’s internal control over financial
reporting, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their
reports. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference in
reliance upon the reports of such firm given their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE
INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are
available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov. Copies of certain information filed by us with the SEC
are also available on our website at www.applovin.com. Information
accessible on or through our website is not a part of this
prospectus. This prospectus and any prospectus supplement is part
of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and does not
contain all of the information in the registration statement. You
should review the information and exhibits in the registration
statement for further information on us and our consolidated
subsidiaries and the securities that we are offering. Forms of any
indenture or other documents establishing the terms of the offered
securities are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part or under cover of a Current
Report on Form 8-Kand incorporated in this prospectus by reference.
Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about
these documents are summaries and each statement is qualified in
all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You
should read the actual documents for a more complete description of
the relevant matters. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us
to incorporate by reference much of the information that we file
with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to those publicly available
documents. The information that we incorporate by reference in this
prospectus is considered to be part of this prospectus. Because we
are incorporating by reference future filings with the SEC, this
prospectus is continually updated and those future filings may
modify or supersede some of the information included or
incorporated by reference in this prospectus. This means that you
must look at all of the SEC filings that we incorporate by
reference to determine if any of the statements in this prospectus
or in any document previously incorporated by reference have been
modified or superseded. This prospectus incorporates by reference
the documents listed below and any future filings we make with the
SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
(in each case, other than those documents or the portions of those
documents furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current
Report on Form 8-Kand, except as may be noted in any such Form
8-K,exhibits filed on such form that are related to such
information), until the offering of the securities under the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part is
terminated or completed:
                                                   
       our Annual Report on Form                   
  •    10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022;  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                   
                                                   
       our Quarterly Report on Form                
  •    10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023;  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                   
                                                                   
       the portions of our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule  
       14A (other than information furnished rather than filed)    
       that are incorporated by reference into our Annual Report   
  •    on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 25, 2023;         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                             
       our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on February 6,  
       2023, March                                           
  •    13, 2023, and May 17, 2023; and                       
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             
                                                                   
       the description of our Class                                
       A common stock contained in the Registration Statement on   
       Form 8-A relating thereto, filed on April 12,               
       2021, including any amendment or report filed for the       
  •    purpose of updating such description.                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
22
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or
telephoning us at the following address:

AppLovin Corporation

1100 Page Mill Road

Palo Alto,
California 94304

Attn: Investor Relations

(800) 839-9646

23
                                                                   
  Table of Contents                                                
                                                                   
$

$ % Senior Notes due 20

$ % Senior Notes due 20

$ % Senior Notes due 20

$ % Senior Notes due 20

PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT

Joint book-running managers

J.P. Morgan

BofA Securities

Morgan Stanley

November , 2024
