Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(7)
Registration No. 333-272328 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus
dated June 1, 2023) 19,866,397 Shares Class A Common Stock The
selling stockholder identified in this prospectus supplement (the
“Selling Stockholder”) is offering 19,866,397 shares of Class A
common stock, par value $0.00003 per share, of AppLovin
Corporation. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the
shares to be offered by the Selling Stockholder. Our Class A common
stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
“APP.” On February 29, 2024, the last reported sale price of our
Class A common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
was $59.72 per share. Subject to the completion of this offering,
we will purchase from the underwriters 10,466,397 shares of our
Class A common stock that are the subject of this offering at a
price per share equal to the price at which the underwriters will
purchase the shares from the Selling Stockholder in this offering
(the “Concurrent Share Repurchase”). The underwriters will not
receive any compensation for the shares of our Class A common stock
being purchased by us in this offering. This offering is not
conditioned upon the completion of the Concurrent Share Repurchase.
In reviewing this prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus, you should carefully consider the matters described
under the caption “ Risk Factors” beginning on page S-7of this
prospectus supplement, and in the “Risk Factors” section of our
periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information”.
                                                                   
                                    Underwriti…                    
                                      Discounts       Proceeds to  
                     Price to               and           Selling  
                    Public(1)       Commission…       Stockholde…  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Per share    $        56.00    $         1.54    $        54.46  
  Total        $  526,400,00…    $  14,476,000…    $  1,081,923,…  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       The public offering price for the 9,400,000 shares offered  
       to the public was $56.00 per share. The price               
       for the 10,466,397 shares we will purchase from the         
  (1)  underwriters is $54.46 per share. Total price to the        
       public does not include the 10,466,397 shares of our Class  
       A common stock sold by the Selling Stockholder and          
       purchased by us                                             
       from the underwriters.                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       No underwriting discount or commission will be paid to the  
       underwriters with respect to the 10,466,397 shares          
       of our Class A common stock sold by the Selling             
  (2)  Stockholder and purchased by us from the underwriters. See  
       the section titled “Underwriters” beginning on page S-11    
       for additional information regarding underwriting           
       discounts, commissions                                      
       and estimated expenses.                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Includes the proceeds from the sale of 10,466,397 shares    
  (3)  of our Class A common stock sold by the Selling             
       Stockholder and purchased by us from the underwriters.      
                                                                   
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any other
regulatory body has approved or disapproved these securities or
passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus supplement
or the accompanying prospectus. Any representation to the contrary
is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver the
shares of Class A common stock to purchasers on or about March 6,
2024. BofA Securities
                                                                   
                Gol…                                               
         Ev…    Sac…    Mo…                   Loop           Pip…  
  BT…    ISI    &       St…    Cit…    Li…    Cap…    Mo…    San…  
                Co.                           Mar…                 
                LLC                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  The    Am…                   Bla…    C.…    MFR     Mi…          
  Ra…    Ve…    Ame…    Ba…    Van,    Ki…    Sec…    Fi…    Ste…  
  Gr…    Gr…    Sec…    Ca…    LLC     &      Inc.    Gr…          
         PBC                           As…            In…          
                                                                   
The date of this prospectus supplement is February 29, 2024.

TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement
                                                            
                                                      Page  
  About This Prospectus Supplement                    S-ii  
  Prospectus Supplement Summary                       S-1   
  The Offering                                        S-3   
  Forward-Looking Statements                          S-5   
  Risk Factors                                        S-7   
  Use of Proceeds                                     S-8   
  Selling Stockholder                                 S-9   
  Underwriters                                        S-11  
  Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations     S-20  
  for Non-U.S. Holders of Our Class A Common Stock          
  Legal Matters                                       S-25  
  Experts                                             S-25  
  Where You Can Find More Information                 S-25  
  Incorporation by Reference                          S-26  
                                                            
Prospectus
                                               
                                         Page  
  About This Prospectus                    ii  
  Prospectus Summary                        1  
  Risk Factors                              4  
  Forward-Looking                           4  
  Statements                                   
  Use of Proceeds                           5  
  Description of Securities                 5  
  Description of Capital Stock              5  
  Description of Debt Securities            5  
  Description of Depositary Shares         13  
  Description of Warrants                  16  
  Description of Subscription Rights       17  
  Description of Purchase Contracts        18  
  Description of Units                     19  
  Selling Securityholders                  19  
  Plan of Distribution                     19  
  Legal Matters                            21  
  Experts                                  22  
  Where You Can Find More Information      22  
  Incorporation by Reference               22  
                                               
S-i

ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT

This document has two parts, a prospectus supplement and an
accompanying prospectus, dated June 1, 2023. This prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus are part of an
automatic shelf registration statement that we filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) as a “well-known
seasoned issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”),
utilizing a “shelf” registration process. This prospectus
supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering
of shares of Class A common stock and
certain matters relating to us and the Selling Stockholder, adds
to and updates information contained in the accompanying
prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and
therein. To the extent there is a conflict between the
information contained in this prospectus supplement, on the one
hand, and the information contained in the accompanying
prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference that was
filed with the SEC before the date of this prospectus
supplement, on the other hand, you should rely on the information
in this prospectus supplement. If any statement in one of these
documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document
having a later date (for example, a document
incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or in the
accompanying prospectus after the date of this prospectus
supplement) the statement in the document having the later date
modifies or supersedes the earlier statement.

We, the Selling Stockholder and the underwriters have not
authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any
representations other than those contained in this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus, which together we may
refer to generally as the prospectus, or in any free writing
prospectuses prepared by us or on our behalf or to which we
have referred you. We, the Selling Stockholder and the
underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no
assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that
others may give you. We, the Selling Stockholder and the
underwriters
are not making an offer to sell these securities in any
jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should
not assume that the information contained in this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus or the documents
incorporated herein and therein by reference is accurate as of
any date other than their respective dates. Our business,
financial condition, and results of operations may have changed
since those dates. It is important for you to read and consider
all information contained in this prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus, including the documents incorporated by
reference herein and therein, and any related free writing
prospectus, in making your investment decision. You should
also read and consider the information in the documents to which
we have referred you in the sections titled “Where You Can Find
Additional Information” in this prospectus supplement and in the
accompanying prospectus.

Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise
requires, references in this prospectus supplement to
“AppLovin,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer, collectively, to AppLovin
Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated
subsidiaries.

S-ii

PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information that is presented in
greater detail elsewhere, or incorporated by reference, in this
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. It does
not contain all of the information that may be important to you
and your investment decision. Before investing in our Class A
common stock, you should carefully read this entire prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including the matters
set forth under the sections captioned “Risk Factors” and the
financial statements and related notes and other information that
we incorporate by reference herein and therein, including our
Annual Report on Form 10-Kfor the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023.

Company Overview

Our
mission is to create meaningful connections between companies and
their ideal customers. Our software platform provides end-to-end
software and artificial
intelligence-powered solutions for businesses to reach, monetize
and grow their global audience (“Software Platform”). We also
operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps (“Apps”). Our scaled
business model sits at the nexus of the
advertising ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong
growth.

Since our founding in 2011, we have been focused on building a
software-based platform for advertisers to improve the
marketing and monetization of their content. Our founders, who
were mobile app developers themselves, quickly realized the real
impediment to success and growth in the advertising ecosystem was
a discovery and monetization problem-breaking through
the congested app stores to efficiently find users and
successfully grow their business. Their first-hand experience
with these challenges led to the development of our
infrastructure and Software Platform. We capitalized on our
success and
understanding of the mobile app ecosystem by entering into the
mobile game apps industry in 2018. Our global diversified
portfolio of apps now consists of over 200
free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by eleven
studios.

Concurrent Share Repurchase

Subject to the completion of this offering, we will purchase from
the underwriters 10,466,397 shares of our Class A common
stock that are the subject of this offering at a price per share
equal to the price at which the underwriters will purchase the
shares from the Selling Stockholder in this offering. The
underwriters will not receive any compensation for the shares
of our Class A common stock being purchased by us in this
offering. This offering is not conditioned upon the completion of
the Concurrent Share Repurchase.

The Concurrent Share Repurchase was approved by a special
committee of our Board of Directors. We intend to fund the
Concurrent Share Repurchase with a combination of cash-on-hand
and revolving credit facility capacity.

Corporate Information

We
were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July
2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number
is (800)
839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com. Information
contained on, or that is referenced or that can be accessed
through, our website does not constitute part of this prospectus
supplement or the
accompanying prospectus and inclusions of our website address in
this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are
inactive textual references only. You should not consider
information contained on our website to be part of this
prospectus supplement or in deciding whether to purchase shares
of our Class A common stock.

S-1

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law
trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are the
property of AppLovin Corporation. Other trademarks and trade
names referred to in this prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus are the property of their respective
owners.

S-2

THE OFFERING
                                                                  
  Class A common stock offered by the Selling  19,866,397 shares  
  Stockholder                                                     
                                                                  
                                                                   
                               Subject to the completion of this   
                               offering, we will purchase from     
                               the underwriters 10,466,397 shares  
                               of our Class A common stock         
                               that are the subject of this        
                               offering at a price per share       
                               equal to the price at which the     
                               underwriters will purchase the      
  Concurrent Share Repurchase  shares from the Selling             
                               Stockholder in this offering. The   
                               underwriters will not receive any   
                               compensation for the shares of our  
                               Class A common stock being          
                               purchased by us in this offering.   
                               This offering is not conditioned    
                               upon the completion of the          
                               Concurrent Share Repurchase.        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Class A common stock to be outstanding                           
  after this                                   273,724,200 shares  
  offering and the Concurrent Share                                
  Repurchase                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Class B common stock to be outstanding after                     
  this                                          55,696,115 shares  
  offering and the Concurrent Share Repurchase                     
                                                                   
                                                           
  Class C common stock to be outstanding after this  None  
  offering and the Concurrent Share Repurchase             
                                                           
                                                                   
                   We will not receive any proceeds from the sale  
                   of any shares of our Class A common stock by    
                   the Selling Stockholder, but we have            
                   agreed to pay certain registration expenses,    
  Use of proceeds  other than underwriting discounts and           
                   commissions and applicable transfer taxes, in   
                   connection with the sale of our Class A common  
                   stock by the Selling Stockholder in this        
                   offering.                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                You should carefully read and consider the         
                information set forth in the sections titled       
                “Risk Factors” herein, in the                      
                accompanying prospectus and in the documents       
                incorporated by reference herein, including our    
                Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended      
                December 31, 2023, before deciding to invest in    
                our                                                
  Risk factors  Class A common stock.                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Voting rights  Shares of our Class A common stock are entitled   
                 to one vote per share.                            
                                                                   
                                                      
  Shares of our Class B common stock are entitled to  
  20 votes per share.                                 
                                                      
                                                     
  Shares of our Class C common stock have no voting  
  rights, except as otherwise required by law.       
                                                     
                                                                   
                      We are considered a “controlled company”     
                      within the meaning of the Nasdaq Stock       
  Controlled Company  Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) corporate              
                      governance requirements. Under these rules,  
                      a “controlled company” may elect not         
                                                                   
S-3
                                                                   
  to comply with certain corporate governance requirements. We     
  are currently utilizing certain of these exemptions. As a        
  result, we do not have a compensation committee or a nominating  
  and                                                              
  corporate governance committee that consists entirely of         
  independent directors. Effective March 1, 2024, Barbara Messing  
  will serve as a member of our Board of Directors. Ms. Messing    
  is an independent director under the Nasdaq rules and upon       
  effectiveness of her appointment our Board of Directors will     
  consist of a majority of independent directors.                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Dividend policy  We do not intend to pay dividends on our Class  
                   A common stock in the foreseeable future.       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Our ability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock is      
  limited by our existing indebtedness, and may                    
  be further restricted by the terms of any future debt or         
  preferred securities incurred or issued by us or our             
  subsidiaries.                                                    
                                                                   
                                
  Nasdaq trading symbol  “APP”  
                                
Unless otherwise specified in this prospectus supplement, the
number of shares of our Class A common stock, Class B common
stock, and Class C common stock that will be outstanding after
this offering and the Concurrent Share Repurchase is based on
268,774,090 shares of our Class A common stock, 71,112,622 shares
of our Class B common stock, and no shares of our Class C common
stock outstanding as of December 31, 2023. The number of shares
of our Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C
common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2023 exclude the
following:
                                                                   
       9,209,309 of our Class A common stock issuable upon the     
  •    vesting and settlement of restricted stock units            
       (“RSUs”) outstanding as of December 31, 2023;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       13,804,000 of our Class A common stock issuable upon the    
  •    vesting and settlement of performance stock                 
       units (“PSUs”) outstanding as of December 31, 2023;         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       9,814,632 of our Class A common stock that may be issued    
  •    upon the exercise of options outstanding as of              
       December 31, 2023, at an average weighted exercise price    
       of $6.11;                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       63,304,000 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for  
  •    future issuance under our equity compensation               
       plans as of December 31, 2023, consisting of:               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       47,217,073 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for  
       future issuance under our 2021 Equity                       
  •    Incentive Plan (our “2021 Plan”), which number of shares    
       does not include the annual automatic increase of           
       16,994,336 shares of our Class A common stock reserved      
       thereunder, effective January 1, 2024;                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       1,483,999 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for   
  •    future issuance under our 2021 Partner Studio               
       Incentive Plan (our “2021 Partner Plan”); and               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       14,602,928 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for  
       future issuance under our 2021 Employee Stock               
  •    Purchase Plan (our “ESPP”), which number of shares does     
       not include the annual automatic increase of 3,398,867      
       shares of our Class A common stock reserved thereunder,     
       effective January 1, 2024.                                  
                                                                   
Except as otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus
supplement assumes no exercise of outstanding options and no
settlement of outstanding of RSUs or PSUs after December 31,
2023.

S-4

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement, including
the sections titled “Prospectus Supplement Summary” and “Risk
Factors,” the accompanying prospectus and the information
incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus contain certain statements that
constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The words
“believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,”
“intend,” “expect,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,”
“potentially,” “likely,” and similar expressions and variations
thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but
are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Those
statements appear in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying
prospectus and the documents incorporated into this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus, particularly in the
sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
include statements regarding the intent, belief or current
expectations of our management that are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. You are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that
actual results may differ materially from those projected in the
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors.
Forward-looking statements in this document relate to, among
other things:
                                                                   
       our future financial performance, including our             
  •    expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, and    
       operating expenses, and our ability to achieve or maintain  
       future profitability;                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet    
       our liquidity needs;                                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our ability to maintain the security and availability of    
       our Software Platform and Apps;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our expectations regarding the effects of existing and      
  •    developing laws and regulations, including with respect     
       to taxation and privacy and data protection;                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our ability to attract and retain employees and key         
       personnel;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our expectations regarding the macroeconomic environment,   
       inflation and high interest rates, uncertainty in           
  •    the global banking and financial services markets,          
       political uncertainty and international conflicts around    
       the world;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our            
       intellectual property;                                      
                                                                   
                                                                 
  •    our ability to manage risk associated with our business;  
                                                                 
                                                       
  •    the demand for our Software Platform and Apps;  
                                                       
                                                                   
  •    our expectations concerning relationships with third        
       parties;                                                    
                                                                   
                                                             
  •    our ability to attract and retain clients and users;  
                                                             
                                                                   
       our ability to develop new products, features, and          
  •    enhancements for our Software Platform and to launch or     
       acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them;            
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    our ability to compete with existing and new competitors    
       in existing and new markets and offerings;                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our ability to successfully acquire and integrate           
  •    companies and assets and to expand and diversify our        
       operations through strategic acquisitions and               
       partnerships;                                               
                                                                   
                                                             
  •    our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;  
                                                             
                                                          
  •    our expectations and management of future growth;  
                                                          
                                                                   
  •    our expectations regarding our share repurchase program;    
       and                                                         
                                                                   
                                                      
  •    our ability to develop and protect our brand.  
                                                      
S-5

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the
forward-looking statements made in this prospectus supplement, the
accompanying prospectus, any free writing prospectus and the
documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement
and the accompanying prospectus.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions
of future events. We have based the forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus supplement, the
accompanying prospectus, any free writing prospectus and the
documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus primarily on our
current expectations and projections about future events and trends
that we believe may affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events
described in these forward-looking statements is
subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents that
are incorporated by reference into this
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Moreover, we
operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New
risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not
possible for us to predict all risks and
uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus supplement, the
accompanying prospectus, any free writing prospectus and the
documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus. We cannot assure you
that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the
forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual
results, events, or circumstances could differ materially
from those described in the forward-looking statements.

The forward-looking statements made in this prospectus
supplement, the accompanying prospectus, any free writing
prospectus and the documents that are incorporated by reference
into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus
relate only to events as of the date on which the statements
are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements made in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying
prospectus, any free writing prospectus and the documents that are
incorporated by reference into this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this prospectus supplement or to
reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events,
except as required by law. We may not actually
achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our
forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance
on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements
do not reflect the potential impact of any future
acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments
we may make. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or
update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, you are
advised to review any additional disclosures we make in the
documents we subsequently file with the SEC that are incorporated
by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus. See “Where You Can Find Additional
Information.”

S-6

RISK FACTORS

An investment in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of
risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in
our securities, you should carefully consider the information in
this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. In
addition, you should also consider the risks, uncertainties and
assumptions discussed under
“Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the SEC on February 26, 2024 that is incorporated herein
by reference. See “Where You Can
Find More Information.” The risks and uncertainties we have
described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also affect our operations. If any risks
actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of
operations may be materially and adversely affected. In such an
event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline
and you could lose part or all of your
investment.

S-7

USE OF PROCEEDS

We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of any shares of our
Class A common stock by the Selling Stockholder, but
we have agreed to pay certain registration expenses, other than
underwriting discounts and commissions and applicable transfer
taxes, in connection with the sale of our Class A common stock by
the Selling Stockholder in this offering.

S-8

SELLING STOCKHOLDER The table below sets forth information with
respect to (i) the beneficial ownership of Class A common stock of
the Selling Stockholder prior to this offering, (ii) the number of
shares of Class A common stock being offered by the Selling
Stockholder hereby, and (iii) information with respect to shares of
Class A common stock to be beneficially owned by the Selling
Stockholder after completion of this offering and the Concurrent
Share Repurchase. The table below is based on 270,884,360 shares of
Class A common stock, 71,112,622 shares of Class B common stock and
no shares of Class C common stock outstanding as of February 22,
2024. Shares of our Class B common stock are convertible at any
time by the holder into shares of Class A common stock on a share-
for-sharebasis, such that each holder of shares of Class B common
stock beneficially owns an equivalent number of shares of Class A
common stock under the beneficial ownership rules of the SEC. We
have prepared the following table based on information given to us
by, or on behalf of, the Selling Stockholder. We have not
independently verified this information. Information about the
Selling Stockholder may change over time. The term “Selling
Stockholder” includes pledgees, assignees, transferees, donees and
successors-in-interestof the Selling Stockholder. We may amend or
supplement this prospectus supplement from time to time in the
future to update or change our Selling Stockholder disclosure and
shares of Class A common stock which may be offered and sold to
identify such pledgees, assignees, transferees, donees and
successors-in-interest.
                                                                   
          Shar…                             Shar…                  
             of                                of                  
          Class                             Class                  
              A                                 A                  
          comm…                             comm…                  
          stock                    Shar…    stock                  
          bene…                    being    bene…                  
          owned                     sold    owned                  
          befo…                       by    after                  
            the                    Sell…    comp…                  
          comp…                    Stoc…       of                  
             of                       in      the                  
            the                      the    offe…                  
          offe…                    offe…      and                  
            and                               the                  
            the                             Conc…                  
          Conc…                             Share                  
          Share                             Repu…                  
          Repu…                                                    
          Numb…        Perc…       Numb…    Numb…        Perc…     
             of           of          of       of           of     
          shar…        class       shar…    shar…        class     
  KKR                                                              
  Den…    43,3…  -2    14.00  %    19,8…    23,4…  -3     8.27  %  
  Hol…                                                             
  L.P…                                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
     Each of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC (as the general partner    
     of KKR Denali Holdings L.P.); KKR Americas Fund               
     XII L.P. (as the sole member of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC);  
     KKR Associates Americas XII L.P. (as the general partner of   
     KKR Americas Fund XII L.P.); KKR Americas XII Limited (as     
     general partner of KKR Associates Americas XII L.P.); KKR     
     Group                                                         
     Partnership L.P. (as sole member of KKR Americas XII          
     Limited); KKR Group Holdings Corp. (as the general partner    
     of KKR Group Partnership L.P.); KKR Group Co. Inc. (as the    
     sole shareholder of KKR Group Holdings Corp.); KKR & Co.      
     Inc. (as the                                                  
     sole shareholder of KKR Group Co. Inc.) and KKR Management    
     LLP (as the Series I preferred stockholder of KKR & Co.       
     Inc.); and Messrs. Henry R. Kravis and George R. Roberts (as  
     the founding partners of KKR Management LLP) may also be      
     deemed                                                        
     to be the beneficial owners having shared voting power and    
     shared investment power over these securities. The principal  
     business address of each of the entities identified in this   
     footnote is 30 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. The    
  1  principal                                                     
     business address for Mr. Kravis is c/o Kohlberg Kravis        
     Roberts & Co. L.P., 30 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. The  
     principal business address for Mr. Roberts is c/o Kohlberg    
     Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., 2800 Sand Hill                     
     Road, Suite 200, Menlo Park, CA 94025. Adam Foroughi,         
     co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and the Chairperson of   
     our Board of Directors, Herald Chen, a member of our Board    
     of Directors, and the Selling                                 
     Stockholder (collectively with certain affiliates, the        
     “Voting Agreement Parties”) are parties to a Voting           
     agreement (the “Voting agreement”), which contains certain    
     provisions relating to our voting of securities by the        
     parties                                                       
     thereto. Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, two of Mr.         
     Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr.  
     Foroughi) have the authority to direct the vote of all        
     shares of our Class B common stock as well as any other       
     shares of our capital stock held by the Voting Agreement      
     Parties and their respective permitted entities and           
     permitted transferees on all matters to be voted upon by our  
     stockholders.                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
     Consists of 4,449,890 shares of Class A common stock and      
     38,905,489 shares of Class B common                           
     stock. In connection with this offering, certain of such      
  2  shares of Class B common stock may be converted into shares   
     of Class A common stock pursuant to the terms of the Class B  
     common stock in our Amended and Restated Certificate of       
     Incorporation, as currently in effect.                        
                                                                   
S-9
                                                                   
     Consists of 23,488,982 shares of Class B common stock. This   
     amount does not reflect a distribution of                     
     up to 530,000 shares of Class A common stock by KKR Denali    
  3  Holdings L.P. in connection with this offering to its         
     partners in an in-kind distribution. Such in-kind             
     distribution is for the purpose of the                        
     ultimate recipients making charitable donations of such       
     shares of Class A common stock.                               
                                                                   
We are party to an Investors’ Rights Agreement, dated as of August
15, 2018 (as amended to date, the “IRA”). The IRA entitles the
Selling Stockholder and certain other parties thereto to certain
registration rights with respect to the securities of AppLovin that
they hold, which rights have been exercised in connection with this
offering. We have entered into a Director Nominations Agreement
with the Selling Stockholder. The Director Nominations Agreement
grants the Selling Stockholder the right to nominate to our Board
of Directors one designee (the “KKR Director”) as long as the
Selling Stockholder and its affiliates collectively beneficially
own at least 25% of the shares of the Class B common stock that the
Selling Stockholder held immediately prior to our initial public
offering. In addition, in the event a vacancy on the Board of
Directors is created by the death, disability, retirement or
resignation of a Selling Stockholder director designee, the Selling
Stockholder shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have the
right to have the vacancy filled by a new KKR director. Edward
Oberwager currently serves as the KKR Director. Further, for so
long as the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates hold at least 5%
of the outstanding shares of our common stock, one of the
independent candidates selected by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee for nomination to our Board of Directors shall
be subject to the approval of the Selling Stockholder prior to the
nomination of such candidate for election by our stockholders.
Margo Georgiadis is the independent director currently serving who
was approved by the Selling Stockholder. We have previously engaged
KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of the Selling Stockholder,
to act as a financial advisor, bookrunner and underwriter in
connection with certain of our prior debt and equity offerings.
Pursuant to a repurchase agreement dated May 17, 2023, we
repurchased 15,952,381 shares of our Class A common stock from the
Selling Stockholder in a private transaction at a price per share
equal to $21.00, for a total purchase price of approximately $335
million. In addition, pursuant to a repurchase agreement dated
August 21, 2023, we repurchased 15,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock in a private transaction at a price per share equal to
$36.85, for a total purchase price of approximately $553 million.
For further information regarding material relationships and
transactions between us and the Selling Stockholder, see “Certain
Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions” in our
Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on
April 25, 2023, our Current Report on Form 8-Kfiled with the SEC on
May 17, 2023, and our Current Report on Form 8-Kfiled with the SEC
on August 21, 2023, each of which is incorporated by reference in
this prospectus supplement. S-10

UNDERWRITERS BofA Securities, Inc., is acting as the representative
of each of the underwriters named below. Subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in an underwriting agreement among us, the
Selling Stockholder and the underwriters, the Selling Stockholder
has agreed to sell to the underwriters, and each of the
underwriters has agreed, severally and not jointly, to purchase
from the Selling Stockholder, the number of shares of Class A
common stock set forth opposite its name below, which includes
10,466,397 shares that we will repurchase from the underwriters in
the Concurrent Share Repurchase.
                                                
  Underwriter                           Number  
                                     of Shares  
  BofA Securities, Inc.              6,369,167  
  BTIG, LLC                          2,109,812  
  Evercore Group L.L.C.              1,264,826  
  Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC            1,264,826  
  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC           1,264,826  
  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.      1,160,198  
  LionTree Advisors LLC                949,614  
  Loop Capital Markets LLC             949,614  
  Moelis & Company LLC                 949,614  
  Piper Sandler & Co.                  949,614  
  Raine Securities LLC                 949,614  
  American Veterans Group, PBC         210,584  
  AmeriVet Securities, Inc.            210,584  
  Bancroft Capital, LLC                210,584  
  Blaylock Van, LLC                    210,584  
  C.L. King & Associates, Inc.         210,584  
  MFR Securities, Inc.                 210,584  
  Mischler Financial Group, Inc.       210,584  
  Stern Brothers & Co.                 210,584  
  Total                             19,866,397  
                                                
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the underwriting
agreement, the underwriters have agreed, severally and not jointly,
to purchase all of the shares sold under the underwriting agreement
if any of these shares are purchased. If an underwriter defaults,
the underwriting agreement provides that the purchase commitments
of the non-defaultingunderwriters may be increased, or the
underwriting agreement may be terminated. Subject to the completion
of this offering, we will purchase from the underwriters 10,466,397
shares of our Class A common stock that are the subject of this
offering at a price per share equal to the price at which the
underwriters will purchase the shares from the Selling Stockholder
in this offering. The underwriters will not receive any
compensation for the shares of our Class A common stock being
purchased by us in this offering. This offering is not conditioned
upon the completion of the Concurrent Share Repurchase. See
“Summary—Concurrent Share Repurchase.” We and the Selling
Stockholder have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required
to make in respect of those liabilities. S-11

The underwriters are offering the shares, subject to prior sale,
when, as and if issued to and accepted by them, subject to approval
of legal matters by their counsel, including the validity of the
shares, and other conditions contained in the underwriting
agreement, such as the receipt by the underwriters of officer’s
certificates and legal opinions. The underwriters reserve the right
to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject
orders in whole or in part. Commissions and Discounts The
representative has advised us and the Selling Stockholder that the
underwriters propose initially to offer the shares that are not
subject to the Concurrent Share Repurchase to the public at the
public offering price set forth on the cover page of this
prospectus supplement and to dealers at that price less a
concession not in excess of $0.92400 per share. After the initial
offering, the public offering price, concession or any other term
of the offering may be changed. The following table shows the
public offering price, underwriting discount and proceeds before
expenses to the Selling Stockholder.
                                                                   
                                 Per Share                  Total  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Public offering price(1)    $      56.00    $    526,400,000.00  
  Underwriting discount(2)    $       1.54    $     14,476,000.00  
  Proceeds, before                                                 
  expenses, to the Selling    $      54.46    $  1,081,923,980.62  
  Stockholder(3)                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       The public offering price for the 9,400,000 shares offered  
       to the public was $56.00 per share. The price for           
       the 10,466,397 shares we will purchase from the             
  (1)  underwriters is $54.46 per share. Total price to the        
       public does not include the 10,466,397 shares of our Class  
       A common stock sold by the Selling Stockholder and          
       purchased by us from the underwriters.                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       No underwriting discount or commission will be paid to the  
  (2)  underwriters with respect to the 10,466,397                 
       shares of our Class A common stock sold by the Selling      
       Stockholder and purchased by us from the underwriters.      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       Includes 10,466,397 shares of our Class A common stock      
  (3)  sold by the Selling Stockholder and purchased by us         
       from the underwriters.                                      
                                                                   
The expenses of the offering, not including the underwriting
discount, are estimated at $1.25 million and are payable by us and
the Selling Stockholder. The Selling Stockholder has engaged
Analyst Hub Securities, LLC as an independent financial advisor as
defined under FINRA Rule 5110(j)(9) in connection with this
offering. The underwriters have agreed to reimburse the Selling
Stockholder for certain expenses incurred by it in connection with
the financial advisory fees payable by the Selling Stockholder to
Analyst Hub Securities, LLC. No Sales of Similar Securities Subject
to certain exceptions, we and the selling stockholder have agreed
not to sell or transfer any common stock or securities convertible
into, exchangeable for, exercisable for, or repayable with common
stock, for 60 days after the date of this prospectus supplement
without first obtaining the written consent of BofA Securities,
Inc. Specifically, we and these other persons have agreed, with
certain limited exceptions, not to directly or indirectly
                                                                  
  •    offer, pledge, sell or contract to sell any common stock,  
                                                                  
                                                                  
  •    sell any option or contract to purchase any common stock,  
                                                                  
                                                                  
  •    purchase any option or contract to sell any common stock,  
                                                                  
                                                                   
  •    grant any option, right or warrant for the sale of any      
       common stock,                                               
                                                                   
S-12
                                                                   
  •    lend or otherwise dispose of or transfer any common stock,  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    request or demand that we file a registration statement     
       related to the common stock, or                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in   
       whole or in part, the economic consequence of               
  •    ownership of any common stock whether any such swap or      
       transaction is to be settled by delivery of shares or       
       other securities, in cash or otherwise.                     
                                                                   
This agreement provides exceptions for, among other things, the
transfer by the Selling Stockholder in connection with
distributions (including the conversion of Class B common stock in
connection therewith) of up to an aggregate 530,000 shares of
common stock or any securities convertible into, or exercisable or
exchangeable for common stock, to partners, members or stockholders
of the Selling Stockholder, in each case, for the purpose of the
ultimate recipients making charitable donations of such securities.
This lock-upprovision applies to common stock and to securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for or repayable
with common stock. It also applies to common stock owned now or
acquired later by the person executing the agreement or for which
the person executing the agreement later acquires the power of
disposition. Nasdaq Global Select Market Listing The shares are
listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “APP.”
Price Stabilization, Short Positions Until the distribution of the
shares is completed, SEC rules may limit underwriters and selling
group members from bidding for and purchasing our common stock.
However, the representative may engage in transactions that
stabilize the price of the common stock, such as bids or purchases
to peg, fix or maintain that price. In connection with the
offering, the underwriters may purchase and sell our Class A common
stock in the open market. These transactions may include short
sales, purchases on the open market to cover positions created by
short sales and stabilizing transactions. Short sales involve the
sale by the underwriters of a greater number of shares than they
are required to purchase in the offering. The underwriters may
close out any covered short position by purchasing shares in the
open market. Stabilizing transactions consist of various bids for
or purchases of shares of Class A common stock made by the
underwriters in the open market prior to the completion of the
offering. Similar to other purchase transactions, the underwriters’
purchases to cover the syndicate short sales may have the effect of
raising or maintaining the market price of our common stock or
preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our Class
A common stock. As a result, the price of our Class A common stock
may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open
market. The underwriters may conduct these transactions on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market, in the over-the-countermarket or
otherwise. Neither we nor any of the underwriters make any
representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of
any effect that the transactions described above may have on the
price of our Class A common stock. In addition, neither we nor any
of the underwriters make any representation that the representative
will engage in these transactions or that these transactions, once
commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. Passive Market
Making In connection with this offering, underwriters and selling
group members may engage in passive market making transactions in
our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in
accordance with Rule 103 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act
during a period before the commencement of offers or sales of Class
A common stock and extending through the completion of
distribution. A passive market maker must S-13

display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent
bid of that security. However, if all independent bids are lowered
below the passive market maker’s bid, that bid must then be lowered
when specified purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making
may cause the price of our Class A common stock to be higher than
the price that otherwise would exist in the open market in the
absence of those transactions. The underwriters and dealers are not
required to engage in passive market making and may end passive
market making activities at any time. Electronic Distribution In
connection with the offering, certain of the underwriters or
securities dealers may distribute prospectuses by electronic means,
such as e-mail. Other Relationships Some of the underwriters and
their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in,
investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary
course of business with us or our affiliates. They have received,
or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for
these transactions. In addition, an affiliate of BofA Securities,
Inc. acts as the administrative agent, collateral agent and a
lender under certain of our credit facilities. In addition, in the
ordinary course of their business activities, the underwriters and
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or
instruments of ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish
or express independent research views in respect of such securities
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and
instruments. European Economic Area In relation to each Member
State of the European Economic Area (each a “Relevant State”), no
shares have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the
offering to the public in that Relevant State prior to the
publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares which has
been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or,
where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified
to the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation), except that offers of
shares may be made to the public in that Relevant State at any time
under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
                                                                   
  a.  to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as         
      defined under the Prospectus Regulation;                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
      to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than       
  b.  qualified investors as defined under the Prospectus          
      Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the   
      representative for any such offer; or                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  c.  in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of    
      the Prospectus Regulation,                                   
                                                                   
provided that no such offer of shares shall require the Issuer or
any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Each person in a Relevant
State who initially acquires any shares or to whom any offer is
made will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed to
and with the Company and the Managers that it is a qualified
investor within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. S-14

In the case of any shares being offered to a financial intermediary
as that term is used in Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation,
each such financial intermediary will be deemed to have
represented, acknowledged and agreed that the shares acquired by it
in the offer have not been acquired on a non-discretionarybasis on
behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer
or resale to, persons in circumstances which may give rise to an
offer to the public other than their offer or resale in a Relevant
State to qualified investors, in circumstances in which the prior
consent of the representative has been obtained to each such
proposed offer or resale. We, the representative and their
affiliates will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing
representations, acknowledgements and agreements. For the purposes
of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in
relation to any shares in any Relevant State means the
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be offered
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for
any shares, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The above selling restriction is in
addition to any other selling restrictions set out below. In
connection with the offering, the underwriters are not acting for
anyone other than the issuer and will not be responsible to anyone
other than the issuer for providing the protections afforded to
their clients nor for providing advice in relation to the offering.
Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom In relation
to the United Kingdom (“UK”), no shares have been offered or will
be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in the UK prior
to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares which
has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK in
accordance with the UK Prospectus Regulation and the FSMA, except
that offers of shares may be made to the public in the UK at any
time under the following exemptions under the UK Prospectus
Regulation and the FSMA:
                                                                   
  a.  to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as         
      defined under the UK Prospectus Regulation;                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
      to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than       
  b.  qualified investors as defined under the UK                  
      Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior       
      consent of the representative for any such offer; or         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  c.  at any time in other circumstances falling within section    
      86 of the FSMA,                                              
                                                                   
provided that no such offer of shares shall require the Issuer or
any Manager to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the
FSMA or Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
Each person in the UK who initially acquires any shares or to whom
any offer is made will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged
and agreed to and with the Company and the Managers that it is a
qualified investor within the meaning of the UK Prospectus
Regulation. In the case of any shares being offered to a financial
intermediary as that term is used in Article 5(1) of the UK
Prospectus Regulation, each such financial intermediary will be
deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that the shares
acquired by it in the offer have not been acquired on a non-
discretionarybasis on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a
view to their offer or resale to, persons in circumstances which
may give rise to an offer to the public other than their offer or
resale in the UK to qualified investors, in circumstances in which
the prior consent of the representative has been obtained to each
such proposed offer or resale. We, the representative and their
affiliates will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing
representations, acknowledgements and agreements. S-15

For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the
public” in relation to any shares in the UK means the communication
in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms
of the offer and any shares to be offered so as to enable an
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for
any shares, the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, and the
expression “FSMA” means the Financial Services
and Markets Act 2000.

In connection with the offering, the representative is not acting
for anyone other than the issuer
and will not be responsible to anyone other than the issuer for
providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for
providing advice in relation to the offering.

This document is for distribution only to persons who (i) have
professional experience in matters relating to investments
and who qualify as investment professionals within the meaning of
Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000
(Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Financial
Promotion Order”), (ii) are persons falling within
Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies, unincorporated
associations etc.”) of the Financial Promotion Order, (iii) are
outside the United Kingdom, or (iv) are persons to whom an
invitation or inducement to engage in
investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”)) in
connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise
lawfully be communicated or caused to be
communicated (all such persons together being referred to as
“relevant persons”). This document is directed only at relevant
persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are
not relevant persons. Any investment or
investment activity to which this document relates is available
only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant
persons.

Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland

The shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not
be listed on
the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or
regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has been
prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance
prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156
of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for
listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or
the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading
facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor
any other offering or marketing material relating to the shares or
the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly
available in Switzerland.

Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material
relating to the offering, the Company, the shares have been
or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory
authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and
the offer of shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial
Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the
offer of shares has not been and will not be authorized under the
Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The
investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in
collective investment schemes under the CISA does
not extend to acquirers of shares.

Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International
Financial Centre

This prospectus supplement relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance
with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial
Services Authority (“DFSA”). This prospectus supplement is intended
for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Offered
Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or
relied on by, any other person. The DFSA
has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in
connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this
prospectus supplement nor taken steps to verify the information set
forth herein and has no responsibility for the
prospectus supplement. The shares to which this prospectus
supplement relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions
on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the shares offered
should conduct their own due diligence on the shares. If you
do not understand the contents of this prospectus supplement you
should consult an authorized financial advisor.

S-16

Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia

No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or
other disclosure document has been lodged with the
Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in
relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a
prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure
document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the
“Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the
information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement
or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act.

Any offer in Australia of the shares may only be made to persons
(the “Exempt Investors”) who are
“sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of
the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning
of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant
to one or more exemptions
contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is
lawful to offer the shares without disclosure to investors under
Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act.

The shares applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be
offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months
after the date of allotment under the offering, except in
circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the
Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption
under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or
where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies
with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring
shares must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions.

This prospectus supplement contains general information only and
does not take account of the investment objectives, financial
situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not
contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice.
Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider
whether the information in this prospectus
supplement is appropriate to their needs, objectives and
circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those
matters.

Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong

The shares have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or
sold in Hong Kong, by means
of any document, other than (a) to “professional investors” as
defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong
Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other
circumstances which do not
result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the
Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that
Ordinance. No advertisement, invitation or document
relating to the shares has been or may be issued or has been or may
be in the possession of any person for the purposes of issue,
whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by,
the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to shares
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside
Hong Kong or only to “professional
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and
any rules made under that Ordinance.

Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan

The shares have not been and will not be registered under the
Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law
No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, will not be offered
or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or for the benefit of
any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale,
directly or
indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person, except in
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ministerial
guidelines promulgated by relevant Japanese governmental or
regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the
purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person
resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity
organized under the laws of Japan.

S-17

Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore This prospectus
supplement has not been registered as a prospectus with the
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the shares were not
offered or sold or caused to be made the subject of an invitation
for subscription or purchase and will not be offered or sold or
caused to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or
purchase, and this prospectus supplement or any other document or
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for
subscription or purchase, of the shares, has not been circulated or
distributed, nor will it be circulated or distributed, whether
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i)
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified
or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274
of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2)
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other
applicable provision of the SFA. Where the shares are subscribed or
purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which
is:
                                                                   
       a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as      
       defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole                 
  (a)  business of which is to hold investments and the entire     
       share capital of which is owned by one or more              
       individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor)   
  (b)  whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each          
       beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an         
       accredited investor,                                        
                                                                   
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as
defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the
beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that
corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
                                                                   
       to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or    
  (a)  to any person arising from an offer referred to in          
       Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  (b)  where no consideration is or will be given for the          
       transfer;                                                   
                                                                   
                                                      
  (c)  where the transfer is by operation of law; or  
                                                      
                                                   
  (d)  as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA.  
                                                   
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Capital Markets
Products (the “CMP”) Regulations 2018, the shares are prescribed
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018)
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in Monetary Authority
of Singapore Notice SFA 04-N12:Notice on the Sale of Investment
Products and Monetary Authority of Singapore Notice FAA-N16:Notice
on Recommendations on Investment Products). Notice to Prospective
Investors in Canada The sharesmay be sold only to purchasers
purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106
Prospectus Exemptionsor subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities
Act(Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the shares must be made in
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject
to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of
Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or
damages if this prospectus supplement (including any amendment
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the
S-18

time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the
purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights
or consult with a legal advisor.

Pursuant to
section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by
the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of
National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”),
the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure
requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter
conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.

S-19

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S.HOLDERS
OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK The following is a summary of the
material U.S. federal income tax considerations for
“non-U.S.holders” (as defined below) of the purchase, ownership and
disposition of our Class A common stock issued pursuant to this
offering. This discussion does not purport to be a complete
analysis of all the potential tax considerations relating thereto.
This summary is based on the provisions of the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), the Treasury
Regulations promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and
judicial decisions, all as of the date hereof. These authorities
are subject to differing interpretations and may change, possibly
retroactively, which may result in U.S. federal income tax
consequences different from those set forth below. We have not
requested a ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the
“IRS”) with respect to the statements made and the conclusions
reached in the following summary, and there can be no assurance
that the IRS or a court will agree with such statements and
conclusions. This summary does not address the tax considerations
arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S.jurisdiction,
or under U.S. federal gift and estate tax laws. In addition, this
discussion does not address tax considerations applicable to a
non-U.S.holder’s particular circumstances or non-U.S.holders that
may be subject to special rules under the U.S. federal income tax
laws, including, without limitation:
                                                                   
       banks, insurance companies or other financial institutions  
  •    (except to the extent specifically set forth                
       below), regulated investment companies or real estate       
       investment trusts;                                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    persons subject to the alternative minimum tax or Medicare  
       contribution tax on net investment income;                  
                                                                   
                                                                
  •    tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations;  
                                                                
                                                      
  •    pension plans or tax-exempt retirement plans;  
                                                      
                                                                   
       controlled foreign corporations (as defined in Section 957  
       of the Code), passive foreign investment                    
  •    companies (as defined in Section 1297 of the Code) and      
       corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S.         
       federal income tax;                                         
                                                                   
                                                        
  •    brokers or dealers in securities or currencies;  
                                                        
                                                                   
       traders in securities or other persons that elect to use a  
  •    mark-to-market method of accounting for their holdings in   
       our stock;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       persons that own, or are deemed to own, more than five      
  •    percent of our capital stock (except to the extent          
       specifically set forth below);                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term           
       residents of the United States;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       partnerships, or entities or arrangements treated as        
  •    partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or       
       other pass-through entities (and investors therein);        
                                                                   
                                                                   
       persons who hold our Class A common stock as a position in  
  •    a hedging transaction, “straddle,”                          
       “conversion transaction” or other risk reduction            
       transaction or integrated investment;                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a        
       result of any item of gross income with respect to our      
  •    Class A common stock being taken into account in an         
       “applicable financial statement” (as defined in Section     
       451(b) of the Code);                                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
       persons who do not hold our Class A common stock as a       
  •    capital asset within the meaning of                         
       Section 1221 of the Code; or                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    persons deemed to sell our Class A common stock under the   
       constructive sale provisions of the Code.                   
                                                                   
In addition, if a partnership or other entity or arrangement
treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds
our Class A common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in such
partnership generally will S-20

depend on the status of the partner and on the activities of the
partnership. Accordingly, partnerships, or other entities or
arrangements treated as partnerships, that hold our Class A common
stock, and partners in such partnerships, should consult their own
tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of the ownership and
disposition of our Class A common stock. You are urged to consult
your tax advisor with respect to the application of the U.S.
federal income tax laws to your particular situation, as well as
any tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of
our Class A common stock arising under the U.S. federal gift or
estate tax laws or under the laws of any U.S. state or local,
non-U.S. orother taxing jurisdiction or under any applicable tax
treaty. Non-U.S.Holder Defined For purposes of this discussion, you
are a “non-U.S.holder” if you are any holder that is not a
partnership (or entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for
U.S. federal income tax purposes) and are not, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, any of the following:
                                                                   
  •    an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United    
       States;                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       a corporation (or any other entity treated as a             
       corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created   
  •    or                                                          
       organized in the United States or under the laws of the     
       United States, any state thereof or the District of         
       Columbia;                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income    
       tax regardless of its source; or                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
       a trust (x) whose administration is subject to the primary  
       supervision of a U.S. court and which has one               
       or more “United States persons” (as defined in Section      
  •    7701(a)(30) of the Code) who have the authority to control  
       all substantial decisions of the trust or (y) which has     
       made a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person under  
       the applicable Treasury Regulations.                        
                                                                   
Distributions We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our
capital stock in the foreseeable future. However, if we do make
distributions on our Class A common stock, those payments will
constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the
extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits,
if any, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. To
the extent those distributions exceed both our current and our
accumulated earnings and profits, they will constitute a return of
capital and will first reduce your basis in our Class A common
stock, but not below zero, and then will be treated as gain from
the sale or other disposition of property as described below under
“-Gain on Disposition of Our Class A Common Stock.” Except as
otherwise described below in the paragraph on effectively connected
income and the sections titled “-Backup Withholding and Information
Reporting” and “-FATCA,” any dividend paid to you generally will be
subject to U.S. withholding tax either at a rate of 30% of the
gross amount of the dividend or such lower rate as may be specified
by an applicable income tax treaty between the U.S. and your
country of residence. If we or another withholding agent over-
withhold or if a non-U.S.holder does not timely provide us with the
required documentation, but that qualifies for a reduced treaty
rate, the non-U.S.holder may be entitled to a refund or credit of
any excess tax withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim with
the IRS. In order to receive a reduced treaty rate, you must timely
provide the applicable withholding agent with an IRS Form
W-8BEN,IRS Form W-8BEN-Eor other appropriate version of IRS Form
W-8,including any required attachments and your taxpayer
identification number, certifying qualification for the reduced
rate. In addition, you will be required to update such forms and
certifications from time to time as required by law. If you are
eligible for a reduced rate of U.S. withholding tax pursuant to an
income tax treaty, you may obtain a refund of any excess amounts
withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim for refund with the
IRS. If you hold our stock through a financial institution or other
agent acting on your behalf, you will be required to provide S-21

appropriate documentation to the agent, which then will be required
to provide certification to us or our paying agent, either directly
or through other intermediaries. You should consult your tax
advisor regarding entitlement to benefits under any applicable
income tax treaties. Dividends received by you that are effectively
connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and, if
required by an applicable income tax treaty, attributable to a
permanent establishment maintained by you in the United States) are
generally exempt from such withholding tax, subject to the
discussions below on backup withholding and FATCA withholding. In
order to obtain this exemption, you must provide us with an IRS
Form W-8ECIor other applicable IRS Form W-8,including any required
attachments and your taxpayer identification number, certifying
qualification for the reduced rate. In addition, you will be
required to update such forms and certifications from time to time
as required by law. Such effectively connected dividends, although
not subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, are includable on your
U.S. federal income tax return and taxed to you at the same
graduated rates applicable to U.S. persons, net of certain
deductions and credits. If you are a corporate non-U.S.holder,
dividends you receive that are effectively connected with your
conduct of a U.S. trade or business may also be subject to a branch
profits tax at a rate of 30%, or such lower rate as may be
specified by an applicable income tax treaty between the United
States and your country of residence. You should consult your tax
advisor regarding any applicable tax treaties that may provide for
different rules. Gain on Disposition of Our Class A Common Stock
Except as otherwise described below in the sections titled “-Backup
Withholding and Information Reporting,” and “-FATCA,” a
non-U.S.holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income
tax on any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of our
Class A common stock unless:
                                                                   
       the gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a    
       U.S. trade or business (and, if required by an              
  •    applicable income tax treaty, the gain is attributable to   
       a permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by you   
       in the United States);                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       you are a non-resident alien individual who is present in   
       the United                                                  
  •    States for a period or periods aggregating 183 days or      
       more during the calendar year in which the sale or other    
       disposition occurs and other conditions are met; or         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       our Class A common stock constitutes a United States real   
       property interest by reason of our status as a              
       “United States real property holding corporation”           
       (“USRPHC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any      
       time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding   
       your disposition of, or your holding period for, our Class  
       A                                                           
       common stock, and, in the case where shares of our Class A  
       common stock are regularly traded on an established         
       securities market, you own, or are treated as owning, more  
       than 5% of our Class A common stock at any time during the  
       foregoing                                                   
  •    period.                                                     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
In general, a corporation is a USRPHC if the fair market value of
its U.S. real property interests equals or exceeds 50% of the sum
of the fair market value of its worldwide property interests and
its other assets used or held for use in a trade or business (all
as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes). We believe,
and this discussion assumes, that we currently are not, and will
not become, a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However,
because the determination of whether we are a USRPHC depends on the
fair market value of our U.S. real property interests relative to
the fair market value of our other business assets, there can be no
assurance that we will not become a USRPHC at some point in the
future. Even if we become a USRPHC, however, as long as our Class A
common stock is regularly traded on an established securities
market, such Class A common stock will be treated as U.S. real
property interests only if you actually or constructively hold more
than five percent of such regularly traded Class A common stock at
any time during the shorter of the five-year period preceding your
disposition of, or your holding period for, our Class A common
stock. If you are a non-U.S.holder described in the first bullet
above, you will generally be required to pay tax on the net gain
derived from the sale under regular graduated U.S. federal income
tax rates (and a corporate non-U.S.holder described in the first
bullet above also may be subject to the branch profits tax at a 30%
rate), S-22

unless otherwise provided by an applicable income tax treaty
between the United States and your country of residence. If you are
a non-U.S. holder
described in the second bullet above, you will generally be
required to pay a 30% tax (or such lower rate specified by an
applicable income tax treaty between the United States and your
country of residence) on the gain derived from the sale or
other disposition of our stock, which gain may be offset by certain
U.S. source capital losses (provided you have timely filed U.S.
federal income tax returns with respect to such losses). You should
consult your tax advisor regarding any applicable
income tax treaty that may provide for different rules.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

Generally, we must report annually to the IRS the amount of
dividends paid to you, your name and address and the amount of tax
withheld, if any. A similar report will be sent to you. Pursuant to
applicable income tax treaties or other agreements, the IRS may
make these reports available to tax authorities in your country of
residence.

Payments of dividends or of proceeds on the sale or other
disposition of stock made to you may be subject to information
reporting and backup withholding unless you establish an exemption,
for example, by properly certifying your non-U.S. status on an IRS
Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or another appropriate version of
IRS Form W-8. Any documentation provided to an applicable
withholding agent may need to be
updated in certain circumstances.

Information reporting and backup withholding generally will apply
to the proceeds of a
sale or other disposition of our Class A common stock by a non-U.S.
holder effected by or through the U.S. office of any broker, U.S.
or foreign, unless the holder certifies its status as a non-U.S.
holder and satisfies certain other requirements, or otherwise
establishes an exemption. Generally, information reporting and
backup withholding will not apply to a payment of the proceeds from
a sale or
other disposition of our stock to a non-U.S. holder where the
transaction is effected outside the United States through a foreign
broker. However, for information reporting purposes, sales or other
dispositions effected through a non-U.S. office of a broker with
substantial U.S. ownership or operations generally will be treated
in a manner similar to sales or other dispositions effected through
a U.S.
office of a broker. Notwithstanding the foregoing, backup
withholding and information reporting may apply if either we or our
paying agent has actual knowledge, or reason to know, that you are
a U.S. person.
Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding
the application of the information reporting and backup withholding
rules to them.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the U.S.
federal income tax liability of persons subject to backup
withholding generally will be reduced by the amount withheld. If
withholding results in an overpayment of taxes, a refund or credit
may generally be obtained from the IRS, provided that the required
information is furnished to the IRS in a timely
manner.

FATCA

The
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”), as reflected in
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations
and administrative guidance issued thereunder, generally imposes
U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of
30% on dividends on and the gross proceeds from a sale or other
disposition of our Class A common stock if paid to a “foreign
financial institution” (as defined in the Code), unless otherwise
provided by the Treasury Secretary or such
institution enters into an agreement with the U.S. government to
withhold on certain payments and to collect and provide to the U.S.
tax authorities substantial information regarding the U.S. account
holders of such institution (which includes
certain equity and debt holders of such institution, as well as
certain account holders that are non-U.S. entities with U.S.
owners) or otherwise establishes an exemption. FATCA also generally
imposes a U.S.
federal withholding tax of 30% on dividends paid on and the gross
proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our Class A common
stock if paid to a “non-financial foreign entity” (as defined in
the Code) unless otherwise provided by the Treasury Secretary or

S-23

such entity provides the withholding agent with a certification
identifying, and information with respect to, certain direct and
indirect “substantial United States owners” (as defined
in the Code), or substantial U.S. owners, of the entity, certifies
that it does not have any such substantial U.S. owners or otherwise
establishes and certifies to an exemption. The withholding
provisions under FATCA generally apply to dividends on
our Class A common stock and proceeds on the disposition of our
Class A common stock. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued
proposed regulations, however, providing that the withholding
provisions under FATCA do not apply with respect to
the gross proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our Class A
common stock. In its preamble to such proposed regulations, the
U.S. Treasury Department stated that taxpayers may generally rely
on the proposed regulations until final
regulations are issued. An intergovernmental agreement between the
United States and your country of tax residence may modify the
requirements described in this paragraph. Non-U.S. holders should
consult their
own tax advisors regarding the possible implications of FATCA on
their investment in our Class A common stock.

Each prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor
regarding the particular U.S. federal, state and local and
non-U.S.tax consequences of purchasing, holding and disposing of
our Class A common stock, including the consequences of any
proposed change in applicable laws.

S-24

LEGAL MATTERS

The validity of the shares of Class A common stock offered pursuant
to this prospectus supplement will be passed upon for
us by Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation,
Palo Alto, California. Certain legal matters in connection with
this offering will be passed upon for the underwriters by Fenwick &
West LLP, Mountain View,
California.

EXPERTS

The financial statements of AppLovin Corporation as of December 31,
2023 and 2022, and for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2023, incorporated by reference in this
prospectus supplement, and the effectiveness of AppLovin
Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting have been
audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their
reports. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference in
reliance upon the reports of such firm given their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and
other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are
available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website
atwww.sec.gov. Copies of certain information filed by us with the
SEC are also available on our website atwww.applovin.com.
Information accessible on or
through our website is not a part of this prospectus supplement or
the accompanying prospectus.

This prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus are part of the
registration statement that we filed with the SEC and do not
contain all of the information in the registration statement and
its exhibits. You should review the information and exhibits in
the registration statement for further information on us and our
consolidated subsidiaries and the Class A common stock to be sold
in this offering. Statements in this prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus about the contents of
any contract, agreement or other document are not necessarily
complete and in each instance that a copy of such contract,
agreement or document has been filed as an exhibit to the
registration statement, we refer you to the copy that we have filed
as an exhibit.

S-25

INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by
reference much of the information that we file with the SEC, which
means that we can disclose important information to you by
referring you to those publicly available documents. The
information that we incorporate by reference in this prospectus
supplement is considered to be part of this prospectus supplement.
Because we are incorporating by reference future filings with the
SEC, this prospectus supplement is continually updated and those
future filings may modify or supersede some of the information
included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus
supplement. This means that you must look at all of the SEC filings
that we incorporate by reference to determine if any of the
statements in this prospectus supplement or in any document
previously incorporated by reference have been modified or
superseded. This prospectus supplement incorporates by reference
the documents listed below and any future filings we make with the
SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
(in each case, other than those documents or the portions of those
documents furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current
Report on Form 8-Kand, except as may be noted in any such Form
8-K,exhibits filed on such form that are related to such
information), until the offering of the securities under the
registration statement of which this prospectus supplement forms a
part is terminated or completed:
                                                   
       our Annual Report on Form                   
  •    10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023;  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                   
                                                                   
       our Current Reports on Form                                 
       8-K filed on February 14, 2024 (solely with respect to      
  •    Item 8.01 therein); and                                     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the description of our Class                                
       A common stock contained in the Registration Statement on   
       Form 8-A relating thereto, filed on April 12,               
       2021, including any amendment or report filed for the       
  •    purpose of updating such description.                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
Any statement contained in a document incorporated by reference in
this prospectus supplement shall be deemed to be modified or
superseded for purposes of this prospectus supplement to the extent
that a statement contained herein or in any other subsequently
filed document that is also incorporated by reference in this
prospectus supplement modifies or supersedes such statement. Any
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus
supplement. You may request a copy of any or all of the documents
referred to above that have been or may be incorporated by
reference into this prospectus supplement (excluding certain
exhibits to the documents) at no cost, by writing or calling us at
the following address or telephone number: AppLovin 1100 Page Mill
Road Palo Alto, California 94304 Attn: Investor Relations (800)
839-9646 You should rely only on the information incorporated by
reference or provided in this prospectus supplement and the
accompanying prospectus. We have not authorized anyone else to
provide you with different information. S-26

PROSPECTUS

AppLovin Corporation

Class A Common Stock

Preferred Stock

Debt Securities

Depositary Shares

Warrants

Subscription Rights

Purchase Contracts

Units

We
may issue securities from time to time in one or more offerings, in
amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of such
offering. This prospectus describes the general terms of these
securities and the general manner in which these
securities will be offered. We will provide the specific terms of
these securities in supplements to this prospectus, which will also
describe the specific manner in which these securities will be
offered and may also supplement, update or amend
information contained in this prospectus. You should read this
prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement before you
invest.

In addition, selling securityholders to be named in a supplement to
this prospectus may from time to time offer or sell our
securities. To the extent that any selling securityholders resell
any of our securities, the selling securityholders may be required
to provide you with this prospectus and a prospectus supplement
identifying and containing specific information
about the selling securityholders and the amount and terms of the
securities being offered. Unless the applicable prospectus
supplement provides otherwise, we will not receive any of the
proceeds from the sale of our securities by selling
securityholders.

The securities may be sold directly to you, through agents or
through underwriters and dealers. If
agents, underwriters or dealers are used to sell the securities, we
will name them and describe their compensation in a prospectus
supplement. The price to the public of those securities and the net
proceeds we expect to receive from that sale will
also be set forth in a prospectus supplement.

Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market
under the symbol “APP.” On May 31, 2023, the last reported sale
price of our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market was $25.01 per share. Each prospectus supplement will
indicate whether the securities offered
thereby will be listed on any securities exchange.

Investing in these securities involves risks. Please carefully read
the information under the headings “ Risk Factors” beginning on
page 4 of this prospectus and “Item 1A—Risk Factors” of our most
recent report on Form 10-Kor 10-Qor under similar heading in any
other document that is incorporated by reference in this prospectus
and the applicable prospectus supplement before you invest in our
securities.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state
securities commission has approved or disapproved of these
securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this
prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

The date of this prospectus is June 1, 2023.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                               
                                         Page  
  About This Prospectus                    ii  
  Prospectus Summary                        1  
  Risk Factors                              4  
  Forward-Looking                           4  
  Statements                                   
  Use of Proceeds                           5  
  Description of Securities                 5  
  Description of Capital Stock              5  
  Description of Debt Securities            5  
  Description of Depositary Shares         13  
  Description of Warrants                  16  
  Description of Subscription Rights       17  
  Description of Purchase Contracts        18  
  Description of Units                     19  
  Selling Securityholders                  19  
  Plan of Distribution                     19  
  Legal Matters                            21  
  Experts                                  22  
  Where You Can Find More Information      22  
  Incorporation by Reference               22  
                                               
i

ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS

This prospectus is part of an automatic registration statement on
Form S-3 that we
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
using a “shelf” registration process as a “well-known seasoned
issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the
“Securities Act”). Under this shelf registration process, we or
selling securityholders may from time to time sell any
combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one
or more offerings. There is no limit on the aggregate
amount of securities that we or selling securityholders may offer
pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus
forms a part.

This prospectus provides you with a general description of the
securities that may be offered. Each time we or selling
securityholders sell securities, we will provide one or more
prospectus supplements that will contain specific information
about the terms of the offering. The prospectus supplement may
also add, update or change information contained in this
prospectus. You should read both this prospectus and any
applicable prospectus supplement together with the additional
information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More
Information.” This prospectus contains summaries of
certain provisions contained in certain documents described
herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for
complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their
entirety by the actual documents.

We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information
that is different from that contained, or incorporated by
reference, in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus
supplement or in any related free writing prospectus. We take no
responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the
reliability of, any other information that others may give you.
This
prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement or any
related free writing prospectus do not constitute an offer to
sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other
than the securities described in the applicable prospectus
supplement or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy such securities in any circumstances in which such offer or
solicitation is unlawful. You should assume that the information
appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus
supplement, the documents incorporated by reference and any
related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their
respective dates. Our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects may have changed materially since those
dates.

ii

PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information that is presented in
greater detail elsewhere, or incorporated by reference, in this
prospectus. It does not contain all of the information that may
be important to you and your investment decision. Before
investing in our securities, you should carefully read this
entire prospectus, including the matters set forth under the
section of this prospectus captioned “Risk Factors” and the
financial statements and related notes and other information that
we incorporate by reference herein, including our Annual Report
on Form 10-Kand our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.Unless the
context indicates otherwise, references in this prospectus to
“AppLovin Corporation,” “we,” “our” and “us” refer, collectively,
to AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its
consolidated subsidiaries.

Company Overview

Our
mission is to help companies grow their apps and accelerate their
business. Our full stack software solution provides advanced
tools for mobile app developers to grow their businesses by
automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of
their apps. We also operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps and
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition
and partnership strategy. Our scaled business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a
durable competitive advantage that has fueled our clients’
success and our strong growth.

Since our founding in
2011, we have been focused on building a software-based platform
for mobile app developers to improve the marketing and
monetization of their apps. Our founders, who are mobile app
developers themselves, quickly realized the real impediment to
success and growth in the mobile app ecosystem was a discovery
and monetization problem—breaking through the congested app
stores to efficiently find users and successfully grow their
business. Their first-hand experience with these developer
challenges led to the development of our infrastructure and
software—AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software
Platform. We capitalized on our success and understanding of the
mobile app ecosystem by launching AppLovin Apps in 2018. Our
Apps have grown to consist of a globally diversified portfolio of
hundreds of free-to-play mobile games across various genres, run
by numerous studios.

Corporate Information

We
were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July
2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number
is (800)
839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com. Information
contained on, or that is referenced or that can be accessed
through, our website does not constitute part of this prospectus
and inclusions of our
website address in this prospectus are inactive textual
references only.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other
registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade
names appearing in this prospectus are the property of AppLovin
Corporation. Other trademarks and trade names referred to in this
prospectus are the property of their respective owners.

The Securities That May Be Offered

We or selling securityholders may offer or sell Class A common
stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities,
warrants, subscription rights, purchase contracts and units in
one or more offerings and in any combination. Each time
securities are offered with this prospectus, we will provide a
prospectus supplement that will describe the specific amounts,
prices and terms of the securities being offered and the net
proceeds we expect to receive from that sale. Unless the
applicable prospectus supplement provides otherwise, we will not
receive any of the proceeds from the sale of our securities by
selling securityholders.

1

The securities may be sold to or through underwriters, dealers or
agents or
directly to purchasers or as otherwise set forth in the section
of this prospectus captioned “Plan of Distribution.” Each
prospectus supplement will set forth the names of any
underwriters, dealers, agents or other entities involved in the
sale of securities described in that prospectus supplement and
any applicable fee, commission or discount arrangements with
them.

Class A Common Stock

We or selling securityholders may offer shares of our Class A
common stock, par value $0.00003 per share, either alone or
underlying other registered securities convertible into our Class
A common stock. Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled
to receive dividends declared by our board of directors out of
funds legally available for the payment of
dividends, subject to rights, if any, of preferred stockholders.
We have not paid dividends in the past and have no current plans
to pay dividends. Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled
to one vote per share. The holders of
Class A common stock have no preemptive rights.

Preferred Stock

Our board of directors has the authority, subject to limitations
prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or
more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares
to be included in each series, and to fix the designation,
powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and
any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in
each case without further vote or action by our stockholders.
Each series of preferred stock offered by us or selling
securityholders will be more fully described in the particular
prospectus supplement that will accompany this prospectus,
including
redemption provisions, rights in the event of our liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, voting rights and rights to convert
into Class A common stock.

Depositary Shares

We may issue fractional shares of preferred stock that will be
represented by depositary shares and depositary receipts.

Each series of depositary shares or depositary receipts offered
by us or selling securityholders will be more fully described
in the particular prospectus supplement that will accompany this
prospectus, including redemption provisions, rights in the event
of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voting rights and
rights to convert into Class A common stock.

Debt Securities

We or selling securityholders may offer secured or unsecured
obligations in the form of one or more series of senior or
subordinated debt. The senior debt securities and the
subordinated debt securities are together referred to in this
prospectus as the “debt securities.” The subordinated debt
securities generally will be entitled to payment only after
payment of our senior debt. Senior debt generally includes all
debt for money borrowed by us, except debt that is stated in the
instrument governing the terms of that debt to be not senior to,
or to have the same rank in right of payment as, or to
be expressly junior to, the subordinated debt securities. We or
selling securityholders may offer debt securities that are
convertible into shares of our Class A common stock.

The debt securities will be issued under an indenture between us
and a trustee to be identified in an accompanying prospectus
supplement. We have summarized the general features of the debt
securities to be governed by the indenture in this prospectus and
the form of indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.
We encourage you to read the indenture.

2

Warrants

We or selling securityholders may offer warrants for the purchase
of Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities or depositary shares. We or selling securityholders
may offer warrants independently or together with other
securities.

Subscription Rights

We or selling securityholders may offer subscription rights to
purchase our Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, depositary shares, warrants or units consisting of
some or all of these securities. These subscription rights may be
offered independently or together with any other security offered
and may or may not be transferable by the
securityholder receiving the subscription rights in such
offering.

Purchase Contracts

We or selling securityholders may offer purchase contracts,
including contracts obligating holders or us to purchase from the
other a specific or variable number of securities at a future
date or dates.

Units

We or selling securityholders may offer units comprised of two or
more of the other classes of securities described in this
prospectus in any combination. Each unit will be issued so that
the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security
included in the unit.

Selling Securityholders

Selling securityholders are persons or entities that, directly or
indirectly, have acquired or will from time to time acquire
from us, our securities. Information about selling
securityholders, if any, will be set forth in a prospectus
supplement. See “Selling Securityholders” in this prospectus.

Use of Proceeds

We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from the sale of
securities by us as set forth in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Unless the applicable prospectus supplement provides
otherwise, we will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale
of securities by selling securityholders.

3

RISK FACTORS

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
The prospectus supplement applicable to each offering of our
securities will contain a discussion of the risks applicable to
an investment in our securities. Prior to making a decision about
investing in our securities, you should carefully consider the
specific factors discussed under the section in the
applicable prospectus supplement captioned “Risk Factors,”
together with all of the other information contained or
incorporated by reference in the prospectus supplement or
appearing or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. You
should also consider the risks, uncertainties and assumptions
discussed under “Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors” of our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in
“Part II—Item 1A—Risk Factors” in our most recent Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed subsequent to such Form 10-K that are
incorporated herein by reference, as may be amended, supplemented
or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the
SEC in the future. The risks and uncertainties we have described
are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also affect our operations.

FORWARD-LOOKINGSTATEMENTS

This prospectus, each prospectus supplement and the
information incorporated by reference in this prospectus and each
prospectus supplement contain certain statements that constitute
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”). The words “believe,” “may,” “will,”
“estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,”
“intend,” “expect,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,”
“potentially,” “likely,” and similar expressions and variations
thereof are intended to identify forward-looking
statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such
statements. Those statements appear in this prospectus, any
accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated
herein and therein by reference, particularly in the
sections captioned “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current
expectations of our management that
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors.

Because forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties,
some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not
rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future
events. The events and circumstances reflected in the
forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and
actual results could differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable
law, including the securities laws of the United States and
the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not plan to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein
after we distribute this prospectus, whether as a result of any
new information, future events or otherwise.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements
reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant
subject. These statements are based upon information available to
us as of the date such statements were made, and although we
believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such
statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and
our statements should not be read to indicate that we have
conducted a thorough inquiry into, or review of, all potentially
available relevant information. These statements are inherently
uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon
these statements.

This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in
this prospectus may contain market data
that we obtain from industry sources. These sources do not
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information.
Although we believe that our industry sources are reliable, we do
not independently verify the information. The market data may
include projections that are based on a number of other
projections. While we believe these assumptions to be reasonable
and sound, actual results may differ from the projections.

4

USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from
the sale of securities by us as set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Unless the applicable prospectus
supplement provides otherwise, we will not receive any of the
proceeds from the sale of our securities by selling
securityholders. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES We or selling
securityholders may offer from time to time, in one or more
offerings, the following securities:
                                                                   
  •    shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.00003 per      
       share;                                                      
                                                                   
                                                                 
  •    shares of preferred stock, par value $0.00003 per share;  
                                                                 
                           
  •    depositary shares;  
                           
                                                                   
       debt securities, which may be senior or subordinated, and   
  •    which may be convertible into our Class A                   
       common stock or be non-convertible;                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    warrants to purchase from us shares of our Class A common   
       stock or preferred stock or other securities;               
                                                                   
                             
  •    subscription rights;  
                             
                                
  •    purchase contracts; and  
                                
                                                                   
  •    units representing two or more of the foregoing             
       securities.                                                 
                                                                   
We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement and/or
free writing prospectus a description of any Class A common stock,
preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities, warrants,
subscription rights, purchase contracts or units issued by us that
may be offered or sold pursuant to this prospectus. The terms of
the offering of securities, the initial offering price and the net
proceeds to us will be contained in the prospectus supplement, and
other offering material, relating to such offer. DESCRIPTION OF
CAPITAL STOCK The description of our capital stock is incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-Kfor
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on
February 28, 2023. DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES The following
description, together with the additional information we include in
any applicable prospectus supplement, summarizes certain general
terms and provisions of the debt securities that we may offer under
this prospectus. When we offer to sell a particular series of debt
securities, we will describe the specific terms of the series in a
supplement to this prospectus. We will also indicate in the
supplement to what extent the general terms and provisions
described in this prospectus apply to a particular series of debt
securities. We may issue debt securities either separately, or
together with, or upon the conversion or exercise of or in exchange
for, other securities described in this prospectus. Debt securities
may be our senior, senior subordinated or subordinated obligations
and, unless otherwise specified in a supplement to this prospectus,
the debt securities will be our direct, unsecured obligations and
may be issued in one or more series. 5

The debt securities will be issued under an indenture between us
and a trustee to be identified in an accompanying prospectus
supplement. We have summarized material provisions of the debt
securities and select portions of the indenture below. The summary
is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by
reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to
a particular series of debt securities. The form of the indenture
has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part and you should read the indenture for
provisions that may be important to you. Supplemental indentures
and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt
securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or will
be incorporated by reference from reports that we file with the
SEC, as applicable. In the summary below, we have included
references to the section numbers of the indenture so that you can
easily locate these provisions. Capitalized terms used in the
summary and not defined herein have the meanings specified in the
indenture. Unless the context requires otherwise, whenever we refer
to an indenture, we also are referring to any supplemental
indentures that specify the terms of a particular series of debt
securities. General The terms of each series of debt securities
will be established by or pursuant to a resolution of our board of
directors and set forth or determined in the manner provided in a
resolution of our board of directors, in an officer’s certificate
or by a supplemental indenture. The particular terms of each series
of debt securities will be described in a prospectus supplement
relating to such series (including any pricing supplement or term
sheet). We can issue an unlimited amount of debt securities under
the indenture that may be in one or more series with the same or
various maturities, at par, at a premium, or at a discount. We will
set forth in a prospectus supplement (including any pricing
supplement or term sheet) relating to any series of debt securities
being offered the aggregate principal amount and the terms of the
debt securities, including, if applicable:
                                                                   
  •    the title and ranking of the debt securities (including     
       the terms of any subordination provisions);                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the       
  •    principal amount) at which we will sell the debt            
       securities, which may be sold at a discount below their     
       stated principal amount;                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the debt   
       securities;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the date or dates on which the principal of the securities  
       of the series is payable;                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per      
       annum or the method used to determine the rate or rates     
       (including any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange   
       index or financial index) at which the debt securities      
  •    will bear interest, the date or dates from which interest   
       will accrue, the date or dates on which interest will       
       commence and be payable                                     
       and any regular record date for the interest payable on     
       any interest payment date;                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the place or places where principal of, and interest, if    
       any, on the debt securities will be payable (and the        
  •    method of such payment), where the securities of such       
       series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or   
       exchange, and where notices and demands to us in respect    
       of the debt securities may be delivered;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the period or periods within which, the price or prices at  
  •    which and the terms and conditions upon which we            
       may redeem the debt securities;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any obligation we have to redeem or purchase the debt       
       securities pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous        
       provisions or at the option of a holder of debt securities  
  •    and the period or periods within which, the price or        
       prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which     
       securities of the series shall be redeemed or purchased,    
       in whole or in part,                                        
       pursuant to such obligation;                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the dates on which and the price or prices at which we      
  •    will repurchase debt securities at the option of the        
       holders of debt securities and other detailed terms and     
       provisions of these repurchase obligations;                 
                                                                   
6
                                                                   
       the denominations in which the debt securities will be      
  •    issued, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any       
       integral multiple thereof;                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether the debt securities will be issued in the form of   
  •    certificated debt securities or global debt                 
       securities;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the portion of principal amount of the debt securities      
  •    payable upon declaration of acceleration of the             
       maturity date, if other than the principal amount;          
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the currency of denomination of the debt securities, which  
       may be United States dollars or any foreign                 
  •    currency, and if such currency of denomination is a         
       composite currency, the agency or organization, if any,     
       responsible for overseeing such composite currency;         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the designation of the currency, currencies or currency     
  •    units in which payment of principal of, premium and         
       interest on the debt securities will be made;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if payments of principal of, premium or interest on the     
       debt securities will be made in one or more currencies      
  •    or currency units other than that or those in which the     
       debt securities are denominated, the manner in which the    
       exchange rate with respect to these payments will be        
       determined;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal     
       of, premium, if any, or interest on the debt                
  •    securities will be determined, if these amounts may be      
       determined by reference to an index based on a currency or  
       currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity        
       index, stock exchange index or financial index;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any provisions relating to any security provided for the    
       debt securities;                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of     
       Default described in this prospectus or in the              
  •    indenture with respect to the debt securities and any       
       change in the acceleration provisions described in this     
       prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt     
       securities;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants     
  •    described in this prospectus or in the indenture with       
       respect to the debt securities;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any depositaries, interest rate calculation agents,         
  •    exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with       
       respect to the debt securities;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any other terms of the debt securities, which may           
       supplement, modify or delete any provision of the           
       indenture                                                   
  •    as it applies to that series, including any terms that may  
       be required under applicable law or regulations or          
       advisable in connection with the marketing of the           
       securities; and                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries will     
  •    guarantee the debt securities of that series,               
       including the terms of subordination, if any, of such       
       guarantees.                                                 
                                                                   
We may issue debt securities that provide for an amount less than
their stated principal amount to be due and payable upon
declaration of acceleration of their maturity pursuant to the terms
of the indenture. We will provide you with information on the
federal income tax considerations and other special considerations
applicable to any of these debt securities in the applicable
prospectus supplement. If we denominate the purchase price of any
of the debt securities in a foreign currency or currencies or a
foreign currency unit or units, or if the principal of and any
premium and interest on any series of debt securities is payable in
a foreign currency or currencies or a foreign currency unit or
units, we will provide you with information on the restrictions,
elections, general tax considerations, specific terms and other
information with respect to that issue of debt securities and such
foreign currency or currencies or foreign currency unit or units in
the applicable prospectus supplement. Transfer and Exchange Each
debt security will be represented by either one or more global
securities registered in the name of a clearing agency registered
under the Exchange Act, which we refer to as the depositary, or a
nominee of the 7

depositary (we will refer to any debt security represented by a
global debt security as a “book-entry debt security”), or a
certificate issued in definitive registered form (we will refer to
any debt security represented by a certificated security as a
“certificated debt security”) as set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Except as set forth under the heading
“Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System” below, book-entry
debt securities will not be issuable in certificated form.
Certificated Debt Securities You may transfer or exchange
certificated debt securities at any office we maintain for this
purpose in accordance with the terms of the indenture. No service
charge will be made for any transfer or exchange of certificated
debt securities, but we may require payment of a sum sufficient to
cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection
with a transfer or exchange. You may effect the transfer of
certificated debt securities and the right to receive the principal
of, premium and interest on certificated debt securities only by
surrendering the certificate representing those certificated debt
securities and either reissuance by us or the trustee of the
certificate to the new holder or the issuance by us or the trustee
of a new certificate to the new holder. Global Debt Securities and
Book-Entry System Each global debt security representing book-entry
debt securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, the
depositary, and registered in the name of the depositary or a
nominee of the depositary. Covenants We will set forth in the
applicable prospectus supplement any restrictive covenants
applicable to any issue or series of debt securities. No Protection
in the Event of a Change of Control Unless we state otherwise in
the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not
contain any provisions which may provide holders of the debt
securities protection in the event we have a change in control or
in the event of a highly leveraged transaction (whether or not such
transaction results in a change in control) which could adversely
affect holders of debt securities. Consolidation, Merger and Sale
of Assets We may not consolidate with or merge with or into, or
convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our
properties and assets to any person, which we refer to as a
successor person, unless:
                                                                   
       we are the surviving corporation or the successor person    
       (if other than us) is a corporation organized and           
  •    validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic        
       jurisdiction and expressly assumes our obligations on the   
       debt securities and under the indenture; and                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no      
  •    Default or Event of Default, shall have occurred and be     
       continuing.                                                 
                                                                   
Notwithstanding the above, any of our subsidiaries may consolidate
with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to us.
Events of Default “Event of Default” means with respect to any
series of debt securities, any of the following:
                                                                   
       default in the payment of any interest upon any debt        
  •    security of that series when it becomes due and payable,    
       and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days     
       (unless the entire amount of the                            
                                                                   
8
                                                      
  payment is deposited by us with the trustee or      
  with a paying agent prior to the expiration of the  
  30-day period);                                     
                                                      
                                                                   
  •    default in the payment of principal of any security of      
       that series at its maturity;                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       default in the performance or breach of any other covenant  
       or warranty by us in the indenture (other than a            
       covenant or warranty that has been included in the          
       indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt        
       securities other than that series), which default           
  •    continues uncured for a period of 60 days after we receive  
       written notice from the trustee, or                         
       we and the trustee receive written notice from the holders  
       of not less than 25% in principal amount of the             
       outstanding debt securities of that series as provided in   
       the indenture;                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    certain voluntary or involuntary events of bankruptcy,      
       insolvency or reorganization of us; and                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any other Event of Default provided with respect to debt    
  •    securities of that series that is described in the          
       applicable prospectus supplement.                           
                                                                   
No Event of Default with respect to a particular series of debt
securities (except as to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency
or reorganization) necessarily constitutes an Event of Default with
respect to any other series of debt securities. The occurrence of
certain Events of Default or an acceleration under the indenture
may constitute an event of default under certain indebtedness of
ours or our subsidiaries outstanding from time to time. We will
provide the trustee written notice of any Default or Event of
Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such
Default or Event of Default, which notice will describe in
reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default
and what action we are taking or propose to take in respect
thereof. If an Event of Default with respect to debt securities of
any series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing (except
an Event of Default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization), then the trustee or the holders of
not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of that series may, by a notice in writing to us (and to
the trustee if given by the holders), declare to be due and payable
immediately the principal of (or, if the debt securities of that
series are discount securities, that portion of the principal
amount as may be specified in the terms of that series) and accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, on all debt securities of that series.
In the case of an Event of Default resulting from certain events of
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal (or such
specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on
all outstanding debt securities will become and be immediately due
and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the
trustee or any holder of outstanding debt securities. At any time
after a declaration of acceleration with respect to debt securities
of any series has been made, but before a judgment or decree for
payment of the money due has been obtained by the trustee, the
holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of that series may rescind and annul the acceleration if
all Events of Default, other than the non-paymentof accelerated
principal and interest, if any, with respect to debt securities of
that series, have been cured or waived as provided in the
indenture. We refer you to the prospectus supplement relating to
any series of debt securities that are discount securities for the
particular provisions relating to acceleration of a portion of the
principal amount of such discount securities upon the occurrence of
an Event of Default. The indenture will provide that the trustee
may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any of its rights or
powers under the indenture unless the trustee receives indemnity
satisfactory to it against any cost, liability or expense which
might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such
right or power. Subject to certain rights of the trustee, the
holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of any series will have the right to direct the time,
method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy
available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred
on the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series.
9

No holder of any debt security of any series will have any right to
institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to
the indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or
for any remedy under the indenture, unless:
                                                                   
       that holder has previously given to the trustee written     
  •    notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect        
       to debt securities of that series; and                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of     
       the outstanding debt securities of that series have         
       made written request, and offered indemnity or security     
       satisfactory to the trustee, to the trustee to institute    
  •    the proceeding as trustee, and the trustee has not          
       received from the holders of not less than a majority in    
       principal amount of the                                     
       outstanding debt securities of that series a direction      
       inconsistent with that request and has failed to institute  
       the proceeding within 60 days.                              
                                                                   
Notwithstanding any other provision in the indenture, the holder of
any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to
receive payment of the principal of, premium and any interest on
that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt
security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment. The
indenture requires us, within 120 days after the end of our fiscal
year, to furnish to the trustee a statement as to compliance with
the indenture. If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is
continuing with respect to the securities of any series and if it
is known to a responsible officer of the trustee, the trustee shall
send to each securityholder of the securities of that series notice
of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or,
if later, after a responsible officer of the trustee has knowledge
of such Default or Event of Default. The indenture will provide
that the trustee may withhold notice to the holders of debt
securities of any series of any Default or Event of Default (except
in payment on any debt securities of that series) with respect to
debt securities of that series if the trustee determines in good
faith that withholding notice is in the interest of the holders of
those debt securities. Modification and Waiver We and the trustee
may modify, amend or supplement the indenture or the debt
securities of any series without the consent of any holder of any
debt security:
                                                        
  •    to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency;  
                                                        
                                                                   
       to comply with covenants in the indenture described above   
  •    under the heading “Consolidation, Merger and                
       Sale of Assets”;                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to provide for uncertificated securities in addition to or  
       in place of certificated securities;                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to add guarantees with respect to debt securities of any    
       series or secure debt securities of any series;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to surrender any of our rights or powers under the          
       indenture;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of    
       the holders of debt securities of any series;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable  
       depositary;                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    to make any change that does not adversely affect the       
       rights of any holder of debt securities;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and   
  •    terms and conditions of debt securities of any              
       series as permitted by the indenture;                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to effect the appointment of a successor trustee with       
       respect to the debt securities of any series and to add     
  •    to or change any of the provisions of the indenture to      
       provide for or facilitate administration by more than one   
       trustee; or                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect   
  •    or maintain the qualification of the indenture under        
       the Trust Indenture Act.                                    
                                                                   
10

We may also modify and amend the indenture with the consent of the
holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the
outstanding debt securities of each series affected by the
modifications or amendments. We may not make any modification or
amendment without the consent of the holders of each affected debt
security then outstanding if that amendment will:
                                                                   
  •    reduce the amount of debt securities whose holders must     
       consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of        
  •    interest (including default interest) on any debt           
       security;                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       reduce the principal of or premium on or change the fixed   
       maturity of any debt security or reduce the amount          
  •    of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any      
       sinking fund or analogous obligation with respect to any    
       series of debt securities;                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    reduce the principal amount of discount securities payable  
       upon acceleration of maturity;                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       waive a default in the payment of the principal of,         
       premium or interest on any debt security (except a          
       rescission of acceleration of the debt securities of any    
  •    series by the holders of at least a majority in aggregate   
       principal amount of the then outstanding debt securities    
       of that series and a waiver of the payment default that     
       resulted from such                                          
       acceleration);                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       make the principal of or premium or interest on any debt    
  •    security payable in currency other than that stated         
       in the debt security;                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       make any change to certain provisions of the indenture      
       relating to, among other things, the right of holders       
  •    of debt securities to receive payment of the principal of,  
       premium and interest on those debt securities and to        
       institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and  
       to waivers or amendments; or                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    waive a redemption payment with respect to any debt         
       security.                                                   
                                                                   
Except for certain specified provisions, the holders of at least a
majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of
any series may on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of
that series waive our compliance with provisions of the indenture.
The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding
debt securities of any series may on behalf of the holders of all
the debt securities of such series waive any past default under the
indenture with respect to that series and its consequences, except
a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or any
interest on any debt security of that series; provided, however,
that the holders of a majority in principal amount of the
outstanding debt securities of any series may rescind an
acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment
default that resulted from the acceleration. Defeasance of Debt
Securities and Certain Covenants in Certain Circumstances Legal
Defeasance The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise
provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities,
we may be discharged from any and all obligations in respect of the
debt securities of any series (subject to certain exceptions). We
will be so discharged upon the irrevocable deposit with the
trustee, in trust, of money and/or U.S. government obligations or,
in the case of debt securities denominated in a single currency
other than U.S. dollars, government obligations of the government
that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the
payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms,
will provide money or U.S. government obligations in an amount
sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of
independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and
discharge each installment of principal, premium and interest on
and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt
securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments
in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt
securities. This discharge may occur only if, among other things,
we have delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel stating that
we have received from, or there has been published by, the United
States Internal Revenue Service a 11

ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has
been a change in the applicable United States federal income tax
law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such
opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt securities of
that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United
States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit,
defeasance and discharge and will be subject to United States
federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and
at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit,
defeasance and discharge had not occurred. Defeasance of Certain
Covenants The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise
provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities,
upon compliance with certain conditions:
                                                                   
       we may omit to comply with the covenant described under     
       the heading “Consolidation, Merger and Sale of              
  •    Assets” and certain other covenants set forth in the        
       indenture, as well as any additional covenants which may    
       be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement; and   
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any omission to comply with those covenants will not        
  •    constitute a Default or an Event of Default with respect    
       to the debt securities of that series.                      
                                                                   
We refer to this as covenant defeasance. The conditions include:
                                                                   
       depositing with the trustee money and/or U.S. government    
       obligations or, in the case of debt securities              
       denominated in a single currency other than U.S. dollars,   
       government obligations of the government that issued or     
       caused to be issued such currency, that, through the        
       payment of interest and principal in accordance with their  
       terms, will provide                                         
  •    money in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a           
       nationally recognized firm of independent public            
       accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each    
       installment of principal of, premium and interest on and    
       any mandatory sinking fund payments                         
       in respect of the debt securities of that series on the     
       stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the    
       terms of the indenture and those debt securities;           
                                                                   
                                                                   
       such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of,   
  •    or constitute a default under the indenture or any          
       other agreement to which we are a party;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       no Default or Event of Default with respect to the          
  •    applicable series of debt securities shall have occurred    
       or                                                          
       is continuing on the date of such deposit; and              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       delivering to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the      
       effect that we have received from, or there has been        
       published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a  
       ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture,    
       there has been a change in the applicable United States     
       federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that,  
       and based thereon                                           
  •    such opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt    
       securities of that series will not recognize income, gain   
       or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a  
       result of the deposit and related covenant defeasance and   
       will be subject                                             
       to United States federal income tax on the same amounts     
       and in the same manner and at the same times as would have  
       been the case if the deposit and related covenant           
       defeasance had not occurred.                                
                                                                   
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees or
Stockholders None of our past, present or future directors,
officers, employees or stockholders, as such, will have any
liability for any of our obligations under the debt securities or
the indenture or for any claim based on, or in respect or by reason
of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a debt
security, each holder waives and releases all such liability. This
waiver and release is part of the consideration for the issue of
the debt securities. However, this waiver and release may not be
effective to waive liabilities under U.S. federal securities laws,
and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public
policy. 12

Governing Law

The indenture and the debt securities, including any claim or
controversy arising out of or relating to the indenture or the
securities, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

The indenture will provide that we, the trustee and
the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt
securities) irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal
proceeding arising out of or relating to the
indenture, the debt securities or the transactions contemplated
thereby.

The indenture will provide that any legal suit,
action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the indenture or
the transactions contemplated thereby may be instituted in the
federal courts of the United States of America located in the City
of New York or the courts of the State of New York
in each case located in the City of New York, and we, the trustee
and the holder of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the
debt securities) irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of such
courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The indenture will
further provide that service of any process, summons, notice or
document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable
statute or rule of court) to such party’s address set
forth in the indenture will be effective service of process for any
suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The
indenture will further provide that we, the trustee and the holders
of the debt securities (by their acceptance of
the debt securities) irrevocably and unconditionally waive any
objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other
proceeding in the courts specified above and irrevocably and
unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such
suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an
inconvenient forum.

DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES

General

We may,
at our option, elect to offer fractional shares of preferred stock,
or depositary shares, rather than full shares of preferred stock.
If we do, we will issue to the public receipts, called depositary
receipts, for depositary shares, each of which
will represent a fraction, to be described in the applicable
prospectus supplement, of a share of a particular series of
preferred stock. Unless otherwise provided in the prospectus
supplement, each owner of a depositary share will be entitled, in
proportion to the applicable fractional interest in a share of
preferred stock represented by the depositary share, to all the
rights and preferences of the preferred stock represented by the
depositary share. Those rights may include dividend,
voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation rights.

The shares of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares
will be deposited with a bank or trust company selected by us to
act as depositary under a deposit agreement between us, the
depositary and the holders of the depositary receipts. The
depositary will be the transfer agent, registrar and dividend
disbursing agent for the depositary shares.

The depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts
issued
pursuant to the deposit agreement. Holders of depositary receipts
agree to be bound by the deposit agreement, which requires holders
to take certain actions such as filing proof of residence and
paying certain charges.

The summary of terms of the depositary shares contained in this
prospectus is not complete. You should refer to the applicable
deposit agreement, our certificate of incorporation and the
certificate of designation for the applicable series of preferred
stock that are, or will be, filed with the SEC.

Dividends and Other Distributions

The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash
distributions, if any, received in respect of the preferred
stock underlying the depositary shares to the record holders of
depositary shares in proportion to the

13

numbers of depositary shares owned by those holders on the relevant
record date. The relevant record date for depositary shares will be
the same date as the record date for the underlying
preferred stock.

If there is a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will
distribute property (including
securities) received by it to the record holders of depositary
shares, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to
make the distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with our
approval, adopt another method for the
distribution, including selling the property and distributing the
net proceeds from the sale to the holders.

Liquidation Preference

If a series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares has
a liquidation preference, in the event of our voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of
depositary shares will be entitled to receive the fraction of the
liquidation preference accorded each share of the applicable series
of preferred stock, as set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement.

Withdrawal of Stock

Unless the related depositary shares have been previously called
for redemption, upon surrender of the depositary receipts at
the office of the depositary, the holder of the depositary shares
will be entitled to delivery, at the office of the depositary to or
upon his or her order, of the number of whole shares of the
preferred stock and any money or other property
represented by the depositary shares. If the depositary receipts
delivered by the holder evidence a number of depositary shares in
excess of the number of depositary shares representing the number
of whole shares of preferred stock to be withdrawn,
the depositary will deliver to the holder at the same time a new
depositary receipt evidencing the excess number of depositary
shares. In no event will the depositary deliver fractional shares
of preferred stock upon surrender of depositary
receipts. Holders of preferred stock thus withdrawn may not
thereafter deposit those shares under the deposit agreement or
receive depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares therefor.

Redemption of Depositary Shares

Whenever we redeem shares of preferred stock held by the
depositary, the depositary will redeem as of the same redemption
date
the number of depositary shares representing shares of the
preferred stock so redeemed, so long as we have paid in full to the
depositary the redemption price of the preferred stock to be
redeemed plus an amount equal to any accumulated and unpaid
dividends on the preferred stock to the date fixed for redemption.
The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to the
redemption price and any other amounts per share payable on the
preferred stock multiplied by the fraction of a share
of preferred stock represented by one depositary share. If less
than all the depositary shares are to be redeemed, the depositary
shares to be redeemed will be selected by lot or pro rata or by any
other equitable method as may be determined by the
depositary.

After the date fixed for redemption, depositary shares called for
redemption will no longer be deemed to be
outstanding and all rights of the holders of depositary shares will
cease, except the right to receive the monies payable upon
redemption and any money or other property to which the holders of
the depositary shares were entitled upon redemption
upon surrender to the depositary of the depositary receipts
evidencing the depositary shares.

Voting the Preferred Stock

Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of the
preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will
mail the information contained in the notice of meeting to the
record holders of the depositary receipts relating to that
preferred stock. The record date for the depositary receipts
relating to the preferred stock will be the same date as the
record date for the preferred stock. Each record holder of the
depositary shares on the record date will be entitled to instruct
the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights pertaining
to the

14

number of shares of preferred stock represented by that holder’s
depositary shares. The depositary will endeavor, insofar as
practicable, to vote the number of shares of preferred stock
represented by the depositary shares in accordance with those
instructions, and we will agree to take all action that may be
deemed necessary by the depositary in order to enable the
depositary to do so. The depositary will not vote any shares of
preferred stock except to the extent that it receives specific
instructions from the holders of depositary shares representing
that number of shares of preferred stock. Charges of the Depositary
We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges
arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements.
We will pay charges of the depositary in connection with the
initial deposit of the preferred stock and any redemption of the
preferred stock. Holders of depositary receipts will pay transfer,
income and other taxes and governmental charges and such other
charges (including those in connection with the receipt and
distribution of dividends, the sale or exercise of rights, the
withdrawal of the preferred stock and the transferring, splitting
or grouping of depositary receipts) as are expressly provided in
the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. If these charges
have not been paid by the holders of depositary receipts, the
depositary may refuse to transfer depositary shares, withhold
dividends and distributions and sell the depositary shares
evidenced by the depositary receipt. Amendment and Termination of
the Deposit Agreement The depositary receipt evidencing the
depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement may be
amended by agreement between us and the depositary. However, any
amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the
holders of depositary shares, other than fee changes, will not be
effective unless the amendment has been approved by the holders of
a majority of the outstanding depositary shares. The deposit
agreement may be terminated by the depositary or us only if:
                                                                 
  •    all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or  
                                                                 
                                                                   
       there has been a final distribution of the preferred stock  
  •    in connection with our dissolution and such                 
       distribution has been made to all the holders of            
       depositary shares.                                          
                                                                   
Resignation and Removal of Depositary The depositary may resign at
any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so, and
we may remove the depositary at any time. Any resignation or
removal of the depositary will take effect upon our appointment of
a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment. The
successor depositary must be appointed within 60 days after
delivery of the notice of resignation or removal and must be a bank
or trust company having its principal office in the United States
and having the requisite combined capital and surplus as set forth
in the applicable agreement. Notices The depositary will forward to
holders of depositary receipts all notices, reports and other
communications, including proxy solicitation materials received
from us, that are delivered to the depositary and that we are
required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. In
addition, the depositary will make available for inspection by
holders of depositary receipts at the principal office of the
depositary, and at such other places as it may from time to time
deem advisable, any reports and communications we deliver to the
depositary as the holder of preferred stock. Limitation of
Liability Neither we nor the depositary will be liable if either is
prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond its control
in performing its obligations. Our obligations and those of the
depositary will be limited to 15

performance in good faith of our and its duties thereunder. We and
the depositary will not be obligated to prosecute or defend any
legal proceeding in respect of any depositary shares or preferred
stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. We and the
depositary may rely upon written advice of counsel or accountants,
on information provided by persons presenting preferred stock for
deposit, holders of depositary receipts or other persons believed
to be competent to give such information and on documents believed
to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
party or parties. DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS We may issue warrants to
purchase debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or
Class A common stock. We may offer warrants separately or together
with one or more additional warrants, debt securities, preferred
stock, depositary shares or Class A common stock, or any
combination of those securities in the form of units, as described
in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we issue warrants as
part of a unit, the applicable prospectus supplement will specify
whether those warrants may be separated from the other securities
in the unit prior to the expiration date of the warrants. The
applicable prospectus supplement will also describe the following
terms of any warrants, as applicable:
                                                                   
  •    the specific designation and aggregate number of, and the   
       offering price at which we will issue, the warrants;        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the currency or currency units in which the offering        
       price, if any, and the exercise price are payable;          
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will   
       begin and the date on which that right will expire          
  •    or, if you may not continuously exercise the warrants       
       throughout that period, the specific date or dates on       
       which you may exercise the warrants;                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    whether the warrants are to be sold separately or with      
       other securities as parts of units;                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether the warrants will be issued in definitive or        
       global form or in any combination of these forms,           
  •    although, in any case, the form of a warrant included in a  
       unit will correspond to the form of the unit and of any     
       security included in that unit;                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any applicable material U.S. federal income tax             
       consequences;                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the identity of the warrant agent for the warrants and of   
  •    any other depositaries, execution or paying agents,         
       transfer agents, registrars or other agents;                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the proposed listing, if any, of the warrants or any        
  •    securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants on     
       any securities exchange;                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the designation and terms of any equity securities          
       purchasable upon exercise of the warrants;                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the designation, aggregate principal amount, currency and   
  •    terms of any debt securities that may be purchased          
       upon exercise of the warrants;                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if applicable, the designation and terms of the debt        
  •    securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or           
       Class A common stock with which the warrants are issued     
       and the number of warrants issued with each security;       
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if applicable, the date from and after which any warrants   
  •    issued as part of a unit and the related debt               
       securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or Class A   
       common stock will be separately transferable;               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the number of shares of preferred stock, the number of      
       depositary shares or the number of shares of                
  •    Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a         
       warrant and the price at which those shares may be          
       purchased;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of the         
       warrants that may be exercised at any one time;             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any;  
                                                                   
16
                                                                   
       the antidilution provisions, and other provisions for       
  •    changes to or adjustment in the exercise price, of the      
       warrants, if any;                                           
                                                                   
                                               
  •    any redemption or call provisions; and  
                                               
                                                                   
       any additional terms of the warrants, including terms,      
  •    procedures and limitations relating to the exchange or      
       exercise of the warrants.                                   
                                                                   
DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS We may issue subscription rights
to purchase our Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, depositary shares, warrants or units consisting of some
or all of these securities. These subscription rights may be
offered independently or together with any other security offered
and may or may not be transferable by the securityholder receiving
the subscription rights in such offering. In connection with any
offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby
arrangement with one or more underwriters or other purchasers
pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be
required to purchase any securities remaining unsubscribed for
after such offering. The prospectus supplement relating to any
subscription rights we offer, if any, will, to the extent
applicable, include specific terms relating to the offering,
including some or all of the following:
                                                        
  •    the price, if any, for the subscription rights;  
                                                        
                                                                   
       the exercise price payable for our Class A common stock,    
       preferred stock, debt securities, depositary                
  •    shares, warrants or units consisting of some or all of      
       these securities upon the exercise of the subscription      
       rights;                                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the number of subscription rights to be issued to each      
       securityholder;                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the number and terms of our Class A common stock,           
       preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares,        
  •    warrants or units consisting of some or all of these        
       securities which may be purchased per each subscription     
       right;                                                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    the extent to which the subscription rights are             
       transferable;                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any other terms of the subscription rights, including the   
  •    terms, procedures and limitations relating to the           
       exchange and exercise of the subscription rights;           
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the date on which the right to exercise the subscription    
  •    rights shall commence, and the date on which the            
       subscription rights shall expire;                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
       the extent to which the subscription rights may include an  
  •    over-subscription privilege with respect to                 
       unsubscribed securities or an over-allotment privilege to   
       the extent the securities are fully subscribed; and         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if applicable, the material terms of any standby            
  •    underwriting or purchase arrangement which may be entered   
       into by us in connection with the offering of subscription  
       rights.                                                     
                                                                   
The descriptions of the subscription rights in this prospectus and
in any prospectus supplement are summaries of the material
provisions of the applicable subscription right agreements. These
descriptions do not restate those subscription right agreements in
their entirety and may not contain all the information that you may
find useful. We urge you to read the applicable subscription right
agreements because they, and not the summaries, define your rights
as holders of the subscription rights. For more information, please
review the forms of the relevant subscription right agreements,
which will be filed with the SEC promptly after the offering of
subscription rights and will be available as described in the
section of this prospectus captioned “Where You Can Find More
Information.” 17

DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS The following description
summarizes the general features of the purchase contracts that we
may offer under this prospectus. Although the features we have
summarized below will generally apply to any future purchase
contracts we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the
particular terms of any purchase contracts that we may offer in
more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. The specific
terms of any purchase contracts may differ from the description
provided below as a result of negotiations with third parties in
connection with the issuance of those purchase contracts, as well
as for other reasons. Because the terms of any purchase contracts
we offer under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms we
describe below, you should rely solely on information in the
applicable prospectus supplement if that summary is different from
the summary in this prospectus. We will incorporate by reference
into the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
any purchase contract that we may offer under this prospectus
before the sale of the related purchase contract. We urge you to
read any applicable prospectus supplement related to specific
purchase contracts being offered, as well as the complete
instruments that contain the terms of the securities that are
subject to those purchase contracts. Certain of those instruments,
or forms of those instruments, have been filed as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and
supplements to those instruments or forms may be incorporated by
reference into the registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part from reports we file with the SEC. We may issue purchase
contracts, including contracts obligating holders to purchase from
us, and for us to sell to holders, a specific or variable number of
our securities at a future date or dates. Alternatively, the
purchase contracts may obligate us to purchase from holders, and
obligate holders to sell to us, a specific or varying number of our
securities. If we offer any purchase contracts, certain terms of
that series of purchase contracts will be described in the
applicable prospectus supplement, including, without limitation,
the following:
                                                                   
       the price of the securities or other property subject to    
  •    the purchase contracts (which may be determined by          
       reference to a specific formula described in the purchase   
       contracts);                                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether the purchase contracts are issued separately, or    
       as a part of units each consisting of a purchase            
  •    contract and one or more of our other securities,           
       including U.S. Treasury securities, securing the holder’s   
       obligations under the purchase contract;                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any requirement for us to make periodic payments to         
  •    holders or vice versa, and whether the payments are         
       unsecured or pre-funded;                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any provisions relating to any security provided for the    
       purchase contracts;                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
       whether the purchase contracts obligate the holder or us    
       to purchase or sell, or both purchase and sell, the         
  •    securities subject to purchase under the purchase           
       contract, and the nature and amount of each of those        
       securities, or the method of determining those amounts;     
                                                                   
                                                                 
  •    whether the purchase contracts are to be prepaid or not;  
                                                                 
                                                                   
       whether the purchase contracts are to be settled by         
  •    delivery, or by reference or linkage to the value,          
       performance or level of the securities subject to purchase  
       under the purchase contract;                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any acceleration, cancellation, termination or other        
  •    provisions relating to the settlement of the purchase       
       contracts;                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax             
       considerations applicable to the purchase contracts;        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    whether the purchase contracts will be issued in fully      
       registered or global form; and                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    any other terms of the purchase contracts and any           
       securities subject to such purchase contracts.              
                                                                   
18

DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprising two or more
securities described in this prospectus in any combination. For
example, we might issue units consisting of a combination of debt
securities and warrants to purchase Class A common stock. The
following description sets forth certain general terms and
provisions of the units that we may offer pursuant to this
prospectus. The particular terms of the units and the extent, if
any, to which the general terms and provisions may apply to the
units so offered will be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Each unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit
also is the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the
unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each
included security. Units will be issued pursuant to the terms of a
unit agreement, which may provide that the securities included in
the unit may not be held or transferred separately at any time or
at any time before a specified date. A copy of the forms of the
unit agreement and the unit certificate relating to any particular
issue of units will be filed with the SEC each time we issue units,
and you should read those documents for provisions that may be
important to you. For more information on how you can obtain copies
of the forms of the unit agreement and the related unit
certificate, see the section of this prospectus captioned “Where
You Can Find More Information.” The prospectus supplement relating
to any particular issuance of units will describe the terms of
those units, including, to the extent applicable, the following:
                                                                   
       the designation and terms of the units and the securities   
  •    comprising the units, including whether and under           
       what circumstances those securities may be held or          
       transferred separately;                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
       any provision for the issuance, payment, settlement,        
  •    transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities      
       comprising the units; and                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •    whether the units will be issued in fully registered or     
       global form.                                                
                                                                   
SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS Information about selling securityholders,
if applicable, will be set forth in a prospectus supplement, in a
post-effective amendment to this registration statement, or in
filings we make with the SEC under the Exchange Act that are
incorporated by reference. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We and selling
securityholders may sell securities:
                              
  •    through underwriters;  
                              
                         
  •    through dealers;  
                         
                        
  •    through agents;  
                        
                                   
  •    directly to purchasers; or  
                                   
                                                               
  •    through a combination of any of these methods of sale.  
                                                               
In addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or
distribution or in a subscription rights offering to our existing
securityholders. We or selling securityholders may directly solicit
offers to purchase securities or agents may be designated to
solicit such offers. We will, in the prospectus supplement relating
to such offering, name any agent that could be viewed as an
underwriter under the Securities Act and describe any commissions
that we must pay. Any such 19

agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its
appointment or, if indicated in the applicable prospectus
supplement, on a firm commitment basis. This prospectus may be used
in connection with any offering of our securities through any of
these methods or other methods described in the applicable
prospectus supplement. The distribution of the securities may be
effected from time to time in one or more transactions:
                                                                   
  •    at a fixed price or prices that may be changed from time    
       to time;                                                    
                                                                   
                                                         
  •    at market prices prevailing at the time of sale;  
                                                         
                                                               
  •    at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or  
                                                               
                              
  •    at negotiated prices.  
                              
Each prospectus supplement will describe the method of distribution
of the securities and any applicable restrictions. The prospectus
supplement with respect to the securities of a particular series
will describe the terms of the offering of the securities,
including the following:
                                                   
  •    the name of the agent or any underwriters;  
                                                   
                                               
  •    the public offering or purchase price;  
                                               
                                                                 
  •    if applicable, the names of any selling securityholders;  
                                                                 
                                                                   
  •    any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to the  
       agent or underwriters;                                      
                                                                   
                                                                
  •    all other items constituting underwriting compensation;  
                                                                
                                                                   
  •    any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to      
       dealers; and                                                
                                                                   
                                                              
  •    any exchanges on which the securities will be listed.  
                                                              
If any underwriters or agents are utilized in the sale of the
securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered, we,
selling securityholders, or both will enter into an underwriting
agreement or other agreement with them at the time of sale to them,
and we will set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to such
offering the names of the underwriters or agents and the terms of
the related agreement with them. If a dealer is utilized in the
sale of the securities in respect of which the prospectus is
delivered, we, selling securityholders, or both will sell such
securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell
such securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by
such dealer at the time of resale. If we offer securities in a
subscription rights offering to our existing securityholders, we
may enter into a standby underwriting agreement with dealers,
acting as standby underwriters. We may pay the standby underwriters
a commitment fee for the securities they commit to purchase on a
standby basis. If we do not enter into a standby underwriting
arrangement, we may retain a dealer-manager to manage a
subscription rights offering for us. Agents, underwriters, dealers
and other persons may be entitled under agreements that they may
enter into with us and selling securityholders to indemnification
by us against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. Selling securityholders may be deemed to
be underwriters under the Securities Act in connection with the
securities they resell and any profits on the sales may be deemed
to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities
Act. 20

If so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will
authorize underwriters or other persons acting as our agents to
solicit offers by certain institutions to purchase securities from
us pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and
delivery on the date stated in the prospectus supplement. Each
contract will be for an amount not less than, and the aggregate
amount of securities sold pursuant to such contracts shall not be
less nor more than, the respective amounts stated in the prospectus
supplement. Institutions with whom the contracts, when authorized,
may be made include commercial and savings banks, insurance
companies, pension funds, investment companies, educational and
charitable institutions and other institutions, but shall in all
cases be subject to our approval. Delayed delivery contracts will
not be subject to any conditions except that:
                                                                   
       the purchase by an institution of the securities covered    
  •    under that contract shall not at the time of delivery       
       be prohibited under the laws of the jurisdiction to which   
       that institution is subject; and                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
       if the securities are also being sold to underwriters       
  •    acting as principals for their own account, the             
       underwriters shall have purchased such securities not sold  
       for delayed delivery.                                       
                                                                   
The underwriters and other persons acting as agents will not have
any responsibility in respect of the validity or performance of
delayed delivery contracts. Certain agents, underwriters and
dealers, and their associates and affiliates may be customers of,
have borrowing relationships with, engage in other transactions
with, and/or perform services, including investment banking
services, for us or one or more of our respective affiliates in the
ordinary course of business. In order to facilitate the offering of
the securities, any underwriters may engage in transactions that
stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities
or any other securities the prices of which may be used to
determine payments on such securities. Specifically, any
underwriters may over-allot in connection with the offering,
creating a short position for their own accounts. In addition, to
cover over-allotments or to stabilize the price of the securities
or of any such other securities, the underwriters may bid for, and
purchase, the securities or any such other securities in the open
market. Finally, in any offering of the securities through a
syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting syndicate may reclaim
selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for
distributing the securities in the offering if the syndicate
repurchases previously distributed securities in transactions to
cover syndicate short positions, in stabilization transactions or
otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the
market price of the securities above independent market levels. Any
such underwriters are not required to engage in these activities
and may end any of these activities at any time. Under Rule
15c6-1of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally
are required to settle in two business days, unless the parties to
any such trade expressly agree otherwise. The applicable prospectus
supplement may provide that the original issue date for your
securities may be more than two scheduled business days after the
trade date for your securities. Accordingly, in such a case, if you
wish to trade securities on any date prior to the third business
day before the original issue date for your securities, you will be
required, by virtue of the fact that your securities initially are
expected to settle in more than two scheduled business days after
the trade date for your securities, to make alternative settlement
arrangements to prevent a failed settlement. The securities may be
new issues of securities and may have no established trading
market. The securities may or may not be listed on a national
securities exchange. We can make no assurance as to the liquidity
of or the existence of trading markets for any of the securities.
LEGAL MATTERS Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional
Corporation, Palo Alto, California, will pass upon certain legal
matters relating to the issuance and sale of any securities offered
by this prospectus and any supplement thereto. Additional legal
matters may be passed on for us, or any underwriters, dealers or
agents by counsel we will name in the applicable prospectus
supplement. 21

EXPERTS The financial statements of AppLovin Corporation
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, and the effectiveness
of AppLovin Corporation’s internal control over financial
reporting, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their
reports. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference in
reliance upon the reports of such firm given their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE
INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are
available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov. Copies of certain information filed by us with the SEC
are also available on our website at www.applovin.com. Information
accessible on or through our website is not a part of this
prospectus. This prospectus and any prospectus supplement is part
of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and does not
contain all of the information in the registration statement. You
should review the information and exhibits in the registration
statement for further information on us and our consolidated
subsidiaries and the securities that we are offering. Forms of any
indenture or other documents establishing the terms of the offered
securities are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part or under cover of a Current
Report on Form 8-Kand incorporated in this prospectus by reference.
Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about
these documents are summaries and each statement is qualified in
all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You
should read the actual documents for a more complete description of
the relevant matters. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us
to incorporate by reference much of the information that we file
with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important
information to you by referring you to those publicly available
documents. The information that we incorporate by reference in this
prospectus is considered to be part of this prospectus. Because we
are incorporating by reference future filings with the SEC, this
prospectus is continually updated and those future filings may
modify or supersede some of the information included or
incorporated by reference in this prospectus. This means that you
must look at all of the SEC filings that we incorporate by
reference to determine if any of the statements in this prospectus
or in any document previously incorporated by reference have been
modified or superseded. This prospectus incorporates by reference
the documents listed below and any future filings we make with the
SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
(in each case, other than those documents or the portions of those
documents furnished pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current
Report on Form 8-Kand, except as may be noted in any such Form
8-K,exhibits filed on such form that are related to such
information), until the offering of the securities under the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part is
terminated or completed:
                                                   
       our Annual Report on Form                   
  •    10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022;  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                   
                                                   
       our Quarterly Report on Form                
  •    10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023;  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                   
                                                                   
       the portions of our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule  
       14A                                                         
       (other than information furnished rather than filed) that   
       are incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on     
  •    Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 25, 2023;            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
                                                             
       our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on February 6,  
       2023, March                                           
  •    13, 2023, and May 17, 2023; and                       
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             
                                                                   
       the description of our Class                                
       A common stock contained in the Registration Statement on   
       Form 8-A relating thereto, filed on April 12,               
       2021, including any amendment or report filed for the       
  •    purpose of updating such description.                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
22

You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or
telephoning us at the following address:

AppLovin Corporation

1100 Page Mill Road

Palo Alto,
California 94304

Attn: Investor Relations

(800) 839-9646

23
