UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM
8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
August 9, 2022 AppLovin Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-40325      45-3264542          
  (State or other jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (Address of principal
executive offices, including zip code) (800) 839-9646 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former
address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if
the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing
obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                            
  ☒  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act   
     (17 CFR 230.425)                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act     
     (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the    
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the    
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))                                     
                                                                            
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                            
  Title of each class             Trading      Name of each exchange        
                                  Symbol(s)    on which registered          
  Class A common stock, par                                                 
  value $0.00003                  APP          The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  per share                                                                 
                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).
Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On August 9, 2022, AppLovin Corporation (“AppLovin”) issued a press release
announcing that it has submitted a non-binding proposal to combine with
Unity Software Inc. (“Unity”). A copy of the press release is attached
hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

No Offer or Solicitation

This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of
an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale
of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale
would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be
made except by means of a
prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act
of 1933, as amended.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

This communication does not constitute an offer to buy or solicitation of an
offer to sell any securities. This communication relates to a proposal
that AppLovin has made for a business combination transaction with Unity. In
furtherance of this proposal and subject to future developments, AppLovin
(and, if a negotiated transaction is agreed to, Unity) may file one or more
registration
statements, proxy statements, tender offer statements or other documents
with the SEC. This communication is not a substitute for any proxy
statement, registration statement, tender offer statement, prospectus or
other document AppLovin and/or Unity
may file with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction. INVESTORS
AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF APPLOVIN AND UNITY ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY
STATEMENT(S), REGISTRATION STATEMENT, TENDER OFFER STATEMENT, PROSPECTUS
AND/OR OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED
WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE
AS THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION.
Any definitive proxy statement(s) or prospectus(es) (if and when

available) will be mailed to stockholders of AppLovin and/or Unity, as
applicable.Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies
of these documents (if and when available) and other documents filed with
the SEC by AppLovin through the website maintained by the SEC at
www.sec.gov, and by visiting AppLovin’s investor relations site at
https://investors.applovin.com. Participants in the Solicitation This
communication is neither a solicitation of a proxy nor a substitute for any
proxy statement or other filings that may be made with the SEC. Nonetheless,
AppLovin and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be
participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed
transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of
AppLovin is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2022 annual meeting of
stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022. These
documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.
Additional information regarding the potential participants in the proxy
solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by
security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in one or more
registration statements, proxy statements, tender offer statements or other
documents filed with the SEC if and when they become available. Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits:
                                                                            
  99.1    Press Release, dated August 9, 2022                               
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline      
          XBRL document).                                                   
                                                                            
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                   
                          APPLOVIN CORPORATION     
  Date: August 9, 2022    /s/ Herald Chen          
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          Herald Chen              
                          Chief Financial Officer  
                                                   
Exhibit 99.1 AppLovin Submits a Compelling Non-BindingProposal to Combine
with Unity Combination of industry’s leading platforms would deliver optimal
shareholder value and create an unprecedented full stack solution for
developers to create, monetize, measure and grow games
                                                                            
       Comprehensive full-stack set of integrated industry-leading          
  •    solutions including real-time 3-D creation tools, analytics, user    
       acquisition, monetization, attribution and programmatic ad exchange  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Scaled operations and cash flow, targeting combined run-rate         
  •    revenue of                                                           
       over $7 billion and run-rate Adjusted EBITDA of over $3 billion by   
       the end of 2024E                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Estimated synergies of over $700 million Adjusted EBITDA achieved    
  •    in 2025E, with a minimum of                                          
       $500 million in 2024E, based on accelerated revenue opportunities,   
       operational efficiencies and scale benefits                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       All-stock merger consideration payable in a mix of AppLovin Class A  
       and Class C common stock would value Unity at $58.85 per share and   
  •    $20 billion enterprise value, representing a 48% premium to the      
       Unity share price as of 7/12/2022 and 18% to yesterday’s closing     
       price (based on the closing price of                                 
       AppLovin’s Class A common stock on 8/8/2022)                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppLovin confirms 2022E guidance for Adjusted EBITDA midpoint of     
  •    $1.2 billion and Software Platform revenue                           
       of $1.14 to $1.29 billion and is lowering the Apps revenue range to  
       $1.70 to $1.85 billion                                               
                                                                            
PALO ALTO—(BUSINESS WIRE)— AppLovin (NASDAQ: APP) today announced it has
submitted a compelling non-bindingproposal to the Board of Directors of
Unity Software Inc. (NYSE: U) to combine AppLovin, a leader in mobile
marketing and monetization, with Unity, an industry leading platform for
creating and operating interactive, real-time 3D (RT3D) content, in a
transaction where each outstanding share of Unity common stock would be
exchanged for 1.152 shares of AppLovin Class A voting common stock and 0.314
shares of AppLovin Class C non-votingcommon stock. 1Under these terms,
current Unity shareholders would receive approximately 55.0% of the
outstanding shares of the combined company, with the Class A shares
representing approximately 49.0% of the outstanding voting rights of the
combined company. Together the combined business would be poised to offer
the most comprehensive and fully integrated creation and growth platform for
app developers.
                                                                            
     Exchange ratios based on capitalization information disclosed in the   
  1  Unity / ironSource merger agreement and                                
     subject to change to achieve the stated ownership percentages based    
     on any change in capitalization between now and signing.               
                                                                            
“We believe that together, AppLovin and Unity create a market leading
business that has tremendous growth potential that would generate an
estimated run-rateAdjusted EBITDA of over $3 billion by the end of 2024 and
would be in the best interest of shareholders of both companies,” said Adam
Foroughi, AppLovin CEO. “Over the last decade we have built and operated a
leading and innovative company in mobile app marketing and monetization
solutions. Unity is one of the world’s leading platforms for helping
creators turn their inspirations into real-time 3D content. With the scale
that comes from unifying our leading solutions and innovation that would be
achieved with the combination of our teams, we expect that game developers
would be the biggest beneficiaries as they continue to lead the mobile
gaming sector to its next chapter of growth.” The combination of the two
businesses would expect to generate substantial revenue growth, cash flow
and operational efficiencies that are well beyond each company’s potential
standalone performance. AppLovin estimates this combination will create over
$700 million of Adjusted EBITDA from synergies in 2025E, with a minimum of
$500 million in 2024E. Given AppLovin’s track record as a leader in the
growth and monetization space for app developers the company believes it is
better positioned than any other company to develop an end-to-endplatform
with Unity. AppLovin runs their Software business at a high margin and
believes there would be substantial infrastructure savings and other
efficiencies of scale for the combined Growth business. The cash flow
benefits of running a large, scaled combined Growth business can be
reinvested in the Create Solutions business, which AppLovin views as
cornerstone of its joint strategic advantage. Unity’s audience reach through
games built on Create Solutions paired with AppLovin’s powerful AXON machine
learning engine will create material efficiency gains for the combined
growth platform, leading to revenue gains, but even more importantly
facilitating materially more value to app developers. With AppLovin and
Unity working in concert, developers would be able to seamlessly take their
app from concept to commercialization with continued growth and optimization
at far greater scale and effectiveness, which can drive higher growth for
the entire mobile app industry and beyond. Delivers significant value to
shareholders of both companies
                                                                            
       Scale: Approximately $35 billion combined market cap enterprise      
       which offers greater reach and                                       
  •    market presence with more than $7 billion in estimated run-rate      
       revenue and over $3 billion run-rate Adjusted EBITDA by the end of   
       2024E                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Synergy value creation: AppLovin expects to achieve over $700        
  •    million in Adjusted EBITDA                                           
       synergies in 2025E, with a minimum of $500 million in 2024E          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Capacity for strategic investments: Given cash flow profile, the     
  •    combined entity would be expected                                    
       to continue to have the ability to reinvest for growth and take      
       advantage of strategic opportunities as they arise                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Diverse and liquid shareholder base: The proposed transaction will   
  •    meaningfully increase the float                                      
       and diversification of AppLovin’s and Unity’s shareholder base       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Shareholder value creation: Given the combined strategic position    
  •    and industry leadership, leading                                     
       to strong top-line growth and cash flow, the proposed combined       
       entity would yield attractive long-term shareholder returns          
                                                                            
Management and Board of Directors AppLovin proposes that Unity’s CEO John
Riccitiello become CEO of the combined business and Adam Foroughi become the
COO. The Board of Directors of the combined company would be reconstituted
so that Unity would appoint the majority of members, consistent with Unity
shareholders’ economic stake. The rest of the management team and Board of
Directors would be a combination from each company to be mutually
determined. Transaction Details and Timing Based on this non-
bindingproposal, existing AppLovin Class B common shares (20:1 votes) would
be converted to Class A common shares (1:1 vote) in connection with the
closing of the proposed transaction. AppLovin shareholders would hold
approximately 45% of the outstanding common shares of the combined company,
including Class C, with such shares representing approximately 51% of the
outstanding voting rights of the combined company. Unity stockholders would
receive approximately 55% of the outstanding shares of the combined company,
with Class A common shares representing approximately 49% of the outstanding
voting rights of the combined company. The rights of holders of AppLovin
Class A common stock and Class C common stock are the same, except with
respect to voting. Shares of AppLovin Class C common stock have no voting
rights, except as required by law. AppLovin’s Class C common stock is not
currently listed on Nasdaq. In connection with the proposed transaction,
AppLovin expects to apply to list its shares of Class C common stock on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market in connection with the proposed combination.

This proposal has the unanimous support of the AppLovin Board of Directors.
Pending acceptance by the Unity Board of Directors, AppLovin is highly
confident that its proposed transaction would be completed on a timely
basis. The execution of a definitive merger agreement between AppLovin and
Unity would be subject to approval by each company’s Board of Directors, the
termination of the proposed acquisition of ironSource LTD, and other
customary signing conditions. The completion of the transaction would be
subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of required
regulatory approvals and approval of AppLovin and Unity shareholders. Please
join AppLovin’s earnings call on Wednesday, August 10, 2022 at 2:00 pm PT
for further discussion of this non-bindingproposal. Financial Outlook for
2022E As AppLovin resets and optimizes the level of investment in the Apps
business, the company is lowering the revenue outlook for the Apps
portfolio, while maintaining the targets for the Software Platform revenue
and overall Adjusted EBITDA.
                                                            
                        Full-Year 2022     Full-Year 2022   
                        UPDATED            PRIOR            
  Software              $1.140 - $1.290    $1.140 - $1.290  
  Platform              Billion            Billion          
  Apps                  $1.700 - $1.850    $2.000 - $2.150  
                        Billion            Billion          
  Total Revenue         $2.840 - $3.140    $3.140 - $3.440  
                        Billion            Billion          
  Adjusted EBITDA[1]    $1.200             $1.200           
  (Midpoint)            Billion            Billion          
  Adjusted EBITDA       37% - 40%          Mid-30s          
  Margin                                                    
                                                            
                                                                            
       We have not provided the forward-looking GAAP equivalents for        
       forward-looking                                                      
       non-GAAP metrics, specifically Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA   
       margin, or a GAAP reconciliation as a result of the uncertainty      
       regarding, and the potential variability of, reconciling items such  
  [1]  as                                                                   
       stock-based compensation expense. Accordingly, a reconciliation of   
       these non-GAAP guidance metrics to their corresponding GAAP          
       equivalent is not available without unreasonable effort. However,    
       it is important                                                      
       to note that material changes to reconciling items could have a      
       significant effect on future GAAP results.                           
                                                                            
Advisors

J.P. Morgan is serving as AppLovin’s financial advisor and Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati is serving as AppLovin’s legal advisor.

About AppLovin

AppLovin’s leading marketing
software platform provides app developers with a powerful, integrated set of
solutions to solve their mission-critical functions like user acquisition,
monetization and measurement. AppLovin is headquartered in Palo Alto,
California with several
offices globally.

Source: AppLovin Corp.

About Non-GAAPFinancial Measures

To supplement financial information presented in accordance with generally
accepted
accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”), AppLovin uses certain
financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP, including
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. We have not provided the forward-looking GAAP
equivalents
for forward-looking non-GAAP metrics, including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA,
or a GAAP reconciliation as a result of the uncertainty regarding, and the
potential variability of, reconciling items such as
stock-based compensation expense. Accordingly, a reconciliation of these
non-GAAP guidance metrics to their corresponding GAAP equivalent is not
available without unreasonable effort. However, it is important
to note that material changes to reconciling items could have a significant
effect on future GAAP results. AppLovin’s non-GAAP financial measures should
be considered in addition to, not as substitutes
for, or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.

We define Adjusted EBITDA for a particular period as net income (loss)
before
interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, other (income) expense
(excluding certain recurring items), net, provisionfor (benefit from) income
taxes, amortization, depreciation and write-offs and as further adjusted for
non-operating foreign exchange (gains) losses, stock-based compensation
expense, acquisition-related expense and transaction bonuses, customer
acquisition bonuses, loss (gain) on extinguishments of
acquisition-related contingent consideration, lease modification and
abandonment of leasehold improvements, and change in the fair value of
contingent consideration. Based on their preliminary proxy statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange
Commissions on July 29, 2022, Unity defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income,
before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and
excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense. We define Adjusted
EBITDA Margin as
Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue for the same period.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements generally relate
to future events or AppLovin’s future financial or operating performance. In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain
words such as
“can,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “going to,”
“could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,”
“contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue,”
or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that
concern AppLovin’s expectations,
strategy, priorities, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements in
this press release include, but are not limited to, statements regarding
AppLovin’s proposal to combine with Unity, the expected per share exchange
ratio payable to Unity
stockholders, the expected synergies and operations of the companies on a
combined basis, projected estimates regarding Adjusted EBITDA and AppLovin’s
expectations regarding the financial and operational performance and success
of the combined
companies as well as the technology offering of the combined companies and
statements regarding AppLovin’s future financial performance, including
AppLovin’s expected financial results, guidance, long-term goals and growth
prospects.
AppLovin’s expectations and beliefs regarding these matters may not
materialize, and actual results are subject to risks and uncertainties,
including changes in AppLovin’s plans or assumptions, that could cause
actual results to differ
materially from those projected or expected. These risks include
fluctuations in AppLovin’s results of operations; the outcome of discussions
between AppLovin and Unity with respect to a proposed transaction, including
the possibility that the
parties may not agree to pursue a business combination or that the terms of
any transaction will be materially different from those described herein;
AppLovin’s ability to consummate the proposed combination or achieve the
expected synergies
and/or efficiencies; potential regulatory delays; the industry and market
reaction to AppLovin’s proposal to combine with Unity; the possibility that
the integration of Unity may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly
than expected or that
operating costs and business disruptions may be greater than expected;
changes in the overall economic conditions; AppLovin’s ability to attract
new clients; AppLovin’s ability to maintain and scale its technical
infrastructure; risks
related AppLovin’s review of its Apps business; and AppLovin’s ability to
adapt to emerging technologies and business models. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are also subject to other risks
and uncertainties,
including those more fully described in AppLovin’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for
the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022. Additional information will also be
set forth in AppLovin’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended June 30, 2022. The forward-looking
statements in this press release are based on information available to
AppLovin as of the date hereof, and AppLovin disclaims any obligation to
update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

No Offer or Solicitation

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities
in
any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any
such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means
of a prospectus
meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933,
as amended.

This press release is also not a solicitation of a proxy nor
a substitute for any proxy statement or other filings that may be made with
the SEC. Nonetheless, AppLovin and its directors and executive officers may
be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection
with the proposed
transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of
AppLovin is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2022 annual meeting of
stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022. These
documents can be obtained
free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional information
regarding the potential participants in the proxy solicitations and a
description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or
otherwise, will be contained in
one or more registration statements, proxy statements, tender offer
statements or other documents filed with the SEC if and when they become
available.

Additional Information and Where to Find It

This press
release relates to a proposal that AppLovin has made for a business
combination transaction with Unity. In furtherance of this proposal and
subject to future developments, AppLovin (and, if a negotiated transaction
is agreed to, Unity) may file one
or more registration statements, proxy statements, tender offer statements
or other documents with the SEC. This press release is not a substitute for
any proxy statement, registration statement, tender offer statement,
prospectus or other document
AppLovin and/or Unity may file with the SEC in connection with the proposed
transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF APPLOVIN AND UNITY ARE URGED
TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT(S), REGISTRATION STATEMENT, TENDER OFFER
STATEMENT, PROSPECTUS AND/OR
OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN
THEY BECOME AVAILABLE AS THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE
PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Any definitive proxy statement(s) or prospectus(es)
(if and when available)
will be mailed to stockholders of AppLovin and/or Unity, as applicable.
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these
documents (if and when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by
AppLovin through the
website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov, and by visiting AppLovin’s
investor relations site at https://investors.applovin.com.
