UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM
8-A FOR REGISTRATION OF CERTAIN CLASSES OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION
12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Applovin Corporation
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                                            
  Delaware                              45-3264542                          
  (State of incorporation or            -I.R.S. Employer Identification     
  organization)                         No.                                 
                                                                            
1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (Address of principal
executive offices including zip code) Securities to be registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Name of each exchange on which  
  to be so registered                       each class is to be registered  
  Class A common stock, par value           The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC     
  $0.00003 per share                                                        
                                                                            
If this form relates to the registration of a class of securities pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and is effective pursuant to General
Instruction A.(c) or (e), check the following box. ☒ If this form relates to
the registration of a class of securities pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act and is effective pursuant to General Instruction A.(d) or (e),
check the following box. ☐ If this form relates to the registration of a
class of securities concurrently with a Regulation A offering, check the
following box. ☐ Securities Act registration statement or Regulation A
offering statement file number to which this form relates: 333-253800
Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Item 1. Description of Registrant’s Securities to be Registered

For a description of the securities of Applovin Corporation (the
“Registrant”) being registered hereunder, reference is made
to the information set forth under the heading “Description of Capital
Stock” contained in the Registrant’s registration statement on Form S-1
(File
No. 333-253800), as initially filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “Commission”) on March 2, 2021, as amended (the
“Registration Statement”), and
in the prospectus included in the Registration Statement to be filed
separately by the Registrant with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which prospectus shall be
deemed to be incorporated by
reference herein.

Item 2. Exhibits

Under the “Instructions as to Exhibits” section of Form 8-A, no exhibits are
required to be
filed because no other securities of the Registrant are to be registered on
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC and the securities to be registered hereby are
not being registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as
amended.

SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this
registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereto duly authorized.
                                                          
  Date: April 12, 2021           APPLOVIN CORPORATION     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          By:    /s/ Adam Foroughi        
                                 Adam Foroughi            
                                 Chief Executive Officer  
                                                          
