UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM
8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities        
Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):      
August 9, 2022 AppLovin Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified  
in its charter)                                                             
                                                                            
  Delaware                   001-40325                  45-3264542          
  (State or other                                       -IRS Employer       
  jurisdiction of            -Commission File Number    Identification No.  
  incorporation)                                                            
                                                                            
1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (Address of principal       
executive offices, including zip code) (800) 839-9646 (Registrant’s         
telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former
address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if   
the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing        
obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:         
                                                                            
  ☒  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act   
     (17 CFR 230.425)                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act     
     (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the    
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the    
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))                                     
                                                                            
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                 
                                                                            
  Title of each class            Trading      Name of each exchange on      
                                 Symbol(s)    which registered              
  Class A common stock, par                                                 
  value $0.00003                 APP          The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC   
  per share                                                                 
                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company 
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or   
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).      
Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check  
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards        
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                   
                                                                            
  Item 8.01. Other Events.                                                  
                                                                            
On August 9, 2022, AppLovin Corporation (“AppLovin”) issued a press release 
announcing that it has submitted a non-binding proposal to combine with     
Unity Software Inc. (“Unity”). A copy of the press release is attached      
hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.                
                                                                            
  No Offer or Solicitation                                                  
                                                                            
This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of  
an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in
any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful 
prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any 
such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means  
of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S.          
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.                                         
                                                                            
  Additional Information and Where to Find It                               
                                                                            
This communication does not constitute an offer to buy or solicitation of an
offer to sell any securities. This communication relates to a proposal that 
AppLovin has made for a business combination transaction with Unity. In     
furtherance of this proposal and subject to future developments, AppLovin   
(and, if a negotiated transaction is agreed to, Unity) may file one or more 
registration statements, proxy statements, tender offer statements or other 
documents with the SEC. This communication is not a substitute for any proxy
statement, registration statement, tender offer statement, prospectus or    
other document AppLovin and/or Unity may file with the SEC in connection    
with the proposed transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF APPLOVIN   
AND UNITY ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT(S), REGISTRATION STATEMENT, 
TENDER OFFER STATEMENT, PROSPECTUS AND/OR OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC
CAREFULLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE AS THEY WILL  
CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Any definitive
proxy statement(s) or prospectus(es) (if and when                           
                                                                            
available) will be mailed to stockholders of AppLovin and/or Unity, as      
applicable.Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies
of these documents (if and when available) and other documents filed with   
the SEC by AppLovin through the website maintained by the SEC at            
www.sec.gov, and by visiting AppLovin’s investor relations site at          
https://investors.applovin.com. Participants in the Solicitation This       
communication is neither a solicitation of a proxy nor a substitute for any 
proxy statement or other filings that may be made with the SEC. Nonetheless,
AppLovin and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be       
participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed 
transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of      
AppLovin is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2022 annual meeting of 
stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 27, 2022. These         
documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.  
Additional information regarding the potential participants in the proxy    
solicitations and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by  
security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in one or more            
registration statements, proxy statements, tender offer statements or other 
documents filed with the SEC if and when they become available. Item 9.01   
Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits:                             
                                                                            
  99.1    Press Release, dated August 9, 2022                               
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline      
          XBRL document).                                                   
                                                                            
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of    
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf 
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                
                                                   
                          APPLOVIN CORPORATION     
  Date: August 9, 2022    /s/ Herald Chen          
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          Herald Chen              
                          Chief Financial Officer  
                                                   
