                                                                   
                           UNITED STATES                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                      Washington, D.C. 20549                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                             FORM 8-K                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
                          CURRENT REPORT                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                  Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
              of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934               
                                                                   
   Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 7, 2025   
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)       
                                                                   
  Delaware                      001-40325      45-3264542          
  (State or other               -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  jurisdiction                  File Number    Identification No.  
  of incorporation)                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
                        1100 Page Mill Road                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
                    Palo Alto, California 94304                    
                                                                   
   (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)    
                                                                   
                          ( 800) 839-9646                          
                                                                   
       (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)        
                                                                   
                          Not Applicable                           
                                                                   
   (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

☐Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities
Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR

240.14d-2(b))

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                   
  Title of each class       Trading      Name of each exchange     
                            Symbol(s)    on which registered       
  Class A common stock,                  The Nasdaq Stock Market   
  par value $0.00003        APP          LLC                       
  per share                                                        
                                                                   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17
CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(17 CFR §240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
                                                                   
  Purchase Agreement                                               
                                                                   
On May 7, 2025, AppLovin Corporation (“AppLovin” or the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries Morocco, Inc. and AppLovin GmbH (collectively,
the “Sellers”) entered into a Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”)
with Tripledot (“Purchaser Parent”) and its subsidiaries Eton Games
Inc. and Tripledot Group Holdings Limited (collectively, with
Purchaser Parent, the “Purchasers”). On the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Agreement, Sellers will transfer
the equity interests of certain wholly-owned subsidiaries that are
engaged in the Company’s mobile gaming business (the “Gaming
Business”) to Purchasers, for total consideration (the “Purchase
Price,” and such sale, together with the other transactions
contemplated by the Agreement, the “Transactions”) consisting of
(i) $400.0 million in cash consideration, comprised of (a) $150.0
million to be paid in cash at the closing of the Transactions (the
“Closing”) and (b) a $250.0 million secured promissory note to be
issued by Eton Games Inc. (collectively with any other U.S.
subsidiaries of Purchaser Parent designated as a co-Borrower
thereunder, “Borrowers”) to the Company or its designated affiliate
at the Closing (the “Promissory Note”), and (ii) equity
consideration comprised of ordinary shares of Purchaser Parent
representing approximately 20% of the fully-diluted equity
capitalization of Purchaser Parent at the Closing. Purchaser Parent
anticipates financing a portion of the cash Purchase Price payable
at the Closing with debt.

The terms of the Promissory Note provide for a maturity of 18
months from the Closing, with no amortization. The Borrowers are
permitted to voluntarily prepay the outstanding principal amount of
the Promissory Note, in whole or in part, without premium or
penalty. The advance under the Promissory Note bears interest at a
rate per annum equal to eleven percent (11%). As of the Closing,
the obligations of the Borrowers under the Promissory Note will be
guaranteed by all U.S. and U.K. subsidiaries of the Purchaser
Parent, subject to certain exceptions, and secured by (i)
substantially all assets of the Borrowers and the U.S. guarantors
and (ii) a pledge by Tripledot Group Holdings Limited of the equity
interests held by it in each Borrower and U.S. guarantor, in each
case subject to permitted liens and certain customary exceptions.
Within 90 days after the Closing, the obligations of the Borrowers
under the Promissory Note will also be guaranteed by Purchaser
Parent and secured by (a) substantially all assets of the U.K.
guarantors and (b) a share pledge by Purchaser Parent of the equity
interests held by it in each U.K. guarantor and U.S. guarantor, in
each case subject to permitted liens and certain customary
exceptions. The Promissory Note includes negative covenants
limiting, with certain exceptions, (1) dispositions, (2) changes in
business, (3) mergers or acquisitions, (4) indebtedness, (5) liens,
(6) distributions and investments and (7) transactions with
affiliates; provided that the foregoing covenants allow redemptions
and repurchases of a certain series of stock of Purchaser Parent up
to an aggregate amount of $205 million. The Promissory Note also
contains certain customary affirmative covenants and events of
default.

The board of directors of the Company and Purchaser Parent each
unanimously approved the Agreement and the Transactions. In
addition, at an extraordinary meeting held on May 7, 2025,
shareholders of Purchaser Parent, constituting the requisite
shareholder approval under Purchaser Parent’s Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association, approved, among other
things, the Agreement and the Transactions.

The Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and
covenants of the parties, including, among others, covenants by the
Sellers regarding the conduct of the Gaming Business prior to the
Closing.

The Company has agreed to indemnify Purchaser Parent for losses
resulting from (i) any breach of any of the covenants to be
performed by the Sellers in the Agreement, (ii) any fraud by the
Sellers, (iii) certain pre-closing tax matters as set forth in the
Agreement, and (iv) certain other specified matters, in each case,
subject to the limitations set forth in the Agreement. Purchasers’
sole recourse for breaches of the representations and warranties
will be a buyer-side representations and warranties insurance
policy.

The consummation of the Transactions is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of certain customary closing conditions, including (i)
the approval of the Agreement and the Transactions by the requisite
shareholders of Purchaser Parent and the occurrence of certain pre-
Closing actions with respect to Purchaser Parent’s capitalization
structure, (ii) the absence of any law or order preventing or
prohibiting the consummation of the Transactions, (iii)

expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, (iv) the accuracy
of each party’s representations and warranties (subject to
customary materiality and other qualifiers), (v) each party’s
performance and compliance with its covenants contained in the
Agreement, (vi) the absence of a material adverse effect on the
Gaming Business or on Purchaser Parent, and (vii) other closing
deliverables. The Transactions are not subject to any financing
condition.

Either Purchaser Parent or the Company may terminate the Agreement
if (i) the Closing has not occurred before 11:59 p.m. (Pacific
time) on November 3, 2025, (ii) any final and non-appealable order,
decree or injunction has been issued by a governmental entity
permanently prohibiting the consummation of the Transactions, or
(iii) the other party is in breach under the Agreement such that
certain conditions to the Closing would not be satisfied and such
breach is not cured within the time period specified in the
Agreement. The Agreement may also be terminated by the mutual
written consent of Purchaser Parent and the Company.

Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the foregoing conditions
and the other terms and conditions contained in the Agreement, the
Transactions are expected to close in the second quarter of 2025.

The Agreement also contemplates that, at the Closing, the Company
and Purchaser Parent (or their respective affiliates) will enter
into a number of ancillary agreements. These agreements include:
(i) an intercompany arrangement agreement (the “Intercompany
Arrangement Agreement”), which shall govern certain rights and
obligations between the Company and Purchaser Parent with respect
to the Gaming Business, including with respect to control of
certain specified litigation matters, termination of certain
intercompany agreements and shared services, compliance with
certain prior agreements, settlement of certain intercompany
balances, treatment and access to certain records, mail and other
communications, and repayment of certain payments to the Company as
necessary, in each case subject to the terms of the Intercompany
Arrangement Agreement, (ii) a transition services agreement,
pursuant to which the Company will provide certain transition
services to Purchaser Parent for the Gaming Business for a period
of up to six months from the Closing, and pursuant to which
Purchaser Parent will reimburse the Company for certain costs
incurred under the transition services agreement during the term,
(iii) a support agreement pursuant to which certain shareholders of
Purchaser Parent have agreed, among other things, to vote all of
their shares in favor of the Agreement and the Transactions at any
meeting of Purchaser Parent’s shareholders, or in any action by
written consent of Purchaser Parent’s shareholders, and (iv) an
information rights agreement pursuant to which Purchaser Parent has
agreed to provide the Company with certain information rights in
connection with the Company’s financial reporting.

The foregoing description of the Agreement and the Transactions
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1 and
incorporated by reference. The Agreement has been attached as an
exhibit to this report to provide investors and security holders
with information regarding its terms. The representations,
warranties and covenants in the Agreement were made solely for the
benefit of the parties to the Agreement for the purpose of
allocating contractual risk between those parties, do not establish
these matters as facts, and in certain cases are subject to
separately scheduled exceptions and qualifications. Investors
should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants as
characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the
Sellers, Purchasers or any of their respective subsidiaries or
affiliates.
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On May 7, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing its
financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2025. A copy of
the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this current
report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

The information in this Item 2.02 of this current report on Form
8-K and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed “filed”
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by
reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing.
                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                      
                                                                   
(d) Exhibits:
                                                                   
                 Exhibit Description                               
                 Purchase Agreement, dated May 7, 2025, by and     
                 among Tripledot, Eton Games Inc., Tripledot       
  Exhibit No.    Group Holdings Limited, AppLovin Corporation,     
  2.1†           Morocco, Inc., and AppLovin GmbH.                 
  99.1           Press Release, dated May 7, 2025.                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded        
                 within the Inline XBRL document).                 
                                                                   
† Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been
omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K

Item 601(a)(5). The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all
omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC

upon its request.
                                                                   
  Forward Looking Statements                                       
                                                                   
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange. Forward-looking
statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K include statements
regarding the sale of the Company’s Gaming Business and the
expected closing date of the transactions contemplated by the
Agreement. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date hereof, and are based on management’s current assumptions,
beliefs and information. As such, the Company’s actual results
could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any
forward-looking statement as a result of various factors. With
respect to the Transactions, important factors that could cause
such differences include, among other things, the risk that a
condition to closing of the proposed Transactions may not be
satisfied (or waived), that either party may terminate the
Agreement or that the closing of the Transactions might be delayed
or not occur at all; potential adverse reactions or changes to
business or employee relationships, including those resulting from
the announcement or completion of the Transactions; the diversion
of management time on transaction-related issues; and the response
of competitors to the Transactions, which are difficult or
impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the
control of the Company. These forward-looking statements are also
subject to the risks described in the Company’s filings with the
SEC. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the
forward-looking information included herein, the inclusion of such
information should not be regarded as a representation by the
Company or any other person that the Company’s objectives or plans
will be achieved. The forward-looking statements in this Current
Report on Form 8-K are based on information available to the
Company as of the date hereof, and the Company disclaims any
obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as
required by law.
                                                                   
                             SIGNATURE                             
                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                
                       APPLOVIN CORPORATION     
  Date: May 7, 2025    /s/ Matthew A. Stumpf    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                       Matthew A. Stumpf        
                       Chief Financial Officer  
                                                
