                                                                            
  The Securities and                                                        
  Exchange Commission                                                       
  has not necessarily                                                       
  reviewed the                                                              
  information in this                                                       
  filing and has not                                                        
  determined if it is                                                       
  accurate and complete.                                                    
  The reader should not                                                     
  assume that the                                                           
  information is                                                            
  accurate and complete.                                                    
                          UNITED STATES                                     
                          SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE                           
                          COMMISSION                                        
                          Washington, D.C. 20549   OMB APPROVAL             
                          Intentional                OMB Number:            
                          misstatements or         3235-0076                
                          omissions of fact            Estimated average    
                          constitute federal       burden                   
                          criminal violations.         hours per response:  
                          See 18 U.S.C. 1001.      4.00                     
                          FORM D                                            
                          Notice of Exempt                                  
                          Offering of Securities                            
                                                                            
1. Issuer's Identity

2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

3. Related Persons

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group

5. Issuer Size

6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)

7. Type of Filing

8. Duration of Offering

9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)

10. Business Combination Transaction

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

11. Minimum Investment

12. Sales Compensation

13. Offering and Sales Amounts

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

14. Investors

15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses

Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees
expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an
estimate and check the box next to the amount.

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

16. Use of Proceeds

Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is
proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named
as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above.
If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the
amount.

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

Signature and Submission

Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of
Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this
notice.

Terms of Submission

Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be
true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned duly authorized person.

For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters
adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.

Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form
are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB
number.

* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National
Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct.
11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of
this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes
of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that
is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and
can require offering materials only to the
extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-
fraud authority.
