                                                                            
                               UNITED STATES                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
                           Washington, D.C. 20549                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                SCHEDULE 14A                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
              PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE              
                                                                            
                                                                            
                      SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                       
                                                                            
Filed by the Registrant ☒

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐

Check the appropriate box:
                                                                            
  ☐    Preliminary Proxy Statement                                          
  ☐    Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule   
       14a-6(e)(2))                                                         
  ☒    Definitive Proxy Statement                                           
  ☐    Definitive Additional Materials                                      
  ☐    Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12                          
                                                                            
                                                    
  AppLovin Corporation                              
  (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)  
                                                    
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
                                                                            
  ☒    No fee required                                                      
  ☐    Fee paid previously with preliminary materials                       
  ☐    Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per          
       Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11                              
                                                                            
                                    
  1100 Page Mill Road | Palo Alto,  
  California 94304                  
                                    
                                                                            
  Notice                                                                    
  of                                                                        
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting                                                                   
  of                                                                        
  Stockho…                                                                  
  Dear                                                                      
  Stockho…                                                                  
  of                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
  Corpora…                                                                  
  We                                                                        
  cordial…                                                                  
  invite                                                                    
  you to                                                                    
  attend                                                                    
  the 2022                                                                  
  annual                                                                    
  meeting                                                                   
  of                                                                        
  stockho…                                                                  
  (the                                                                      
  “Annual                                                                   
  Meeting…                                                                  
  of                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
  Corpora…                                                                  
  a                                                                         
  Delaware                                                                  
  corpora…                                                                  
  to be                                                                     
  held on                                                                   
  Wednesd…                                                                  
  June 8,                                                                   
  2022 at                                                                   
  10:00                                                                     
  a.m.                                                                      
  Pacific                                                                   
  Time.                                                                     
  The                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting                                                                   
  will be                                                                   
  conduct…                                                                  
  virtual…                                                                  
  via live                                                                  
  audio                                                                     
  webcast.                                                                  
  You will                                                                  
  be able                                                                   
  to                                                                        
  attend                                                                    
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting                                                                   
  virtual…                                                                  
  by                                                                        
  visitin…                                                                  
  where                                                                     
  you will                                                                  
  be able                                                                   
  to                                                                        
  listen                                                                    
  to the                                                                    
  meeting                                                                   
  live,                                                                     
  submit                                                                    
  questio…                                                                  
  and vote                                                                  
  online.                                                                   
  Whether                                                                   
  or not                                                                    
  you                                                                       
  attend                                                                    
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting,                                                                  
  it is                                                                     
  importa…                                                                  
  that                                                                      
  your                                                                      
  shares                                                                    
  be                                                                        
  represe…                                                                  
  and                                                                       
  voted at                                                                  
  the                                                                       
  meeting.                                                                  
  Therefo…                                                                  
  we urge                                                                   
  you to                                                                    
  promptly                                                                  
  vote and                                                                  
  submit                                                                    
  your                                                                      
  proxy                                                                     
  via the                                                                   
  Interne…                                                                  
  by                                                                        
  telepho…                                                                  
  or by                                                                     
  mail.                                                                     
  We are                                                                    
  holding                                                                   
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting                                                                   
  for the                                                                   
  followi…                                                                  
  purpose…                                                                  
  as more                                                                   
  fully                                                                     
  describ…                                                                  
  in                                                             Time       
  the                                                            10:00      
  accompa…                              Date                     a.m.       
  proxy                                 June 8,      MEETING     Pacific    
  stateme…                              2022         DETAILS     Time       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                        Location                            
                                        www.virt…                           
                           YOUR VOTE                                        
                           IS                                               
                           IMPORTANT                                        
                           Whether                                          
                           or not                                           
                           you plan                                         
                           to attend                                        
                           the                                              
                           Annual                                           
                           Meeting,                                         
                           we urge                                          
                           you to                                           
                           submit                                           
                           your vote                                        
                           via                                              
                           the                                              
                           Internet,                                        
                           telephon…                                        
                           or mail                                          
                           as soon                                          
                           as                                               
                           possible                                         
                           to ensure                                        
                           your                                             
                           shares                                           
                           are                                              
                           represen…                                        
                           For                                              
                           addition…                                        
                           instruct…                                        
                           on voting                                        
                           by                                               
                           telephone                                        
                           or the                                           
                           Internet,                                        
                           please                                           
                           refer to                                         
                           your                                             
                           proxy                                            
                           card.                                            
                           Returning                                        
                           the proxy                                        
                           does not                                         
                           deprive                                          
                           you of                                           
                           your                                             
                           right to                                         
                           attend                                           
                           the                                              
                           Annual                                           
                           Meeting                                          
                           and to                                           
                           vote your                                        
                           shares at                                        
                           the                                              
                           Annual                                           
                           Meeting.                                         
  Proposa…                                                                  
              To elect                                                      
              eight                                                         
              directors                                                     
              to serve                                                      
              until the                                                     
              next                                                          
              annual                                                        
              meeting                                                       
  1           of                                                            
              stockhol…                                                     
              and until                                                     
              their                                                         
              successo…                                                     
              are duly                                                      
              elected                                                       
              and                                                           
              qualifie…                                                     
              To ratify                                                     
              the                                                           
              appointm…                                                     
              of                                                            
              Deloitte                                                      
              & Touche                                                      
              LLP as                                                        
              our                                                           
              independ…                                                     
  2           register…                                                     
              public                                                        
              accounti…                                                     
              firm for                                                      
              our                                                           
              fiscal                                                        
              year                                                          
              ending                                                        
              December                                                      
              31, 2022;                                                     
              To                                                            
              approve,                                                      
              on an                                                         
              advisory                                                      
              basis,                                                        
  3           the                                                           
              compensa…                                                     
              of our                                                        
              named                                                         
              executive                                                     
              officers;                                                     
              To                                                            
              recommen…                                                     
              on an                                                         
              advisory                                                      
              basis,                                                        
              the                                                           
              frequency                                                     
              of future                                                     
  4           stockhol…                                                     
              advisory                                                      
              votes on                                                      
              the                                                           
              compensa…                                                     
              of our                                                        
              named                                                         
              executive                                                     
              officers;                                                     
              To                                                            
              approve                                                       
              the                                                           
              amendment                                                     
              of our                                                        
              2021                                                          
              Partner                                                       
              Studio                                                        
              Incentive                                                     
              Plan to                                                       
  5           increase                                                      
              the                                                           
              number of                                                     
              shares of                                                     
              our Class                                                     
              A common                                                      
              stock                                                         
              authoriz…                                                     
              for                                                           
              issuance                                                      
              thereund…                                                     
              and                                                           
              To                                                            
              transact                                                      
              such                                                          
              other                                                         
              business                                                      
              as may                                                        
              properly                                                      
              come                                                          
  6           before                                                        
              the                                                           
              Annual                                                        
              Meeting                                                       
              or any                                                        
              adjournm…                                                     
              or                                                            
              postpone…                                                     
              thereof.                                                      
  Our                                                                       
  board of                                                                  
  directo…                                                                  
  has                                                                       
  fixed                                                                     
  the                                                                       
  close of                                                                  
  business                                                                  
  on April                                                                  
  13, 2022                                                                  
  as the                                                                    
  record                                                                    
  date for                                                                  
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting.                                                                  
  Stockho…                                                                  
  of                                                                        
  record                                                                    
  on April                                                                  
  13, 2022                                                                  
  are                                                                       
  entitled                                                                  
  to                                                                        
  notice                                                                    
  of and                                                                    
  to vote                                                                   
  at the                                                                    
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting.                                                                  
  Further                                                                   
  informa…                                                                  
  regardi…                                                                  
  voting                                                                    
  rights                                                                    
  and the                                                                   
  matters                                                                   
  to be                                                                     
  voted                                                                     
  upon is                                                                   
  present…                                                                  
  in the                                                                    
  accompa…                                                                  
  proxy                                                                     
  stateme…                                                                  
                                                                            
                                         
  AppLovin    i    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                         
The accompanying proxy statement and our annual report can be accessed by
visiting:

www.proxyvote.com . You will be asked to enter the 16-digit control number
located on

your proxy card.

By order of the Board of Directors,
                                                                            
  Adam Foroughi                                                             
                                                                            
Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Chairperson of the Board

Palo Alto, California

April 27, 2022
                                          
  AppLovin    ii    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Table of Contents
                                                                            
  NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING                                               i  
  GENERAL INFORMATION                                                    1  
  BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                            9  
  Nominees for Director                                                 10  
  Director Independence and Controlled Company                          14  
  Exemption                                                                 
  Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Lead                       14  
  Independent Director                                                      
  Board Committees                                                      15  
  Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings                          17  
  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider                         17  
  Participation                                                             
  Board Evaluations                                                     18  
  Voting Structure and Voting Agreement                                 18  
  Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees                        18  
  Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the                    19  
  Board of Directors                                                        
  Communications with the Board of Directors                            20  
  Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of                           20  
  Conduct and Business Ethics                                               
  Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process                               21  
  Director Compensation                                                 21  
  PROPOSAL NO. 1 - Election of Directors                                25  
  PROPOSAL NO. 2 - Ratification of Appointment of                       26  
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                             
  Audit Committee Report                                                28  
  PROPOSAL NO. 3 - Advisory Vote on the Compensation                    29  
  of our Named Executive Officers                                           
  PROPOSAL NO. 4 - Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future                 
  Stockholder Advisory Votes on the Compensation of Our                 30  
  Named Executive Officers                                                  
  PROPOSAL NO. 5 - Amendment to Our 2021 Partner                        31  
  Studio Incentive Plan                                                     
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                                                    33  
                                                                            
                                           
  AppLovin    iii    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                           
                                                             
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                 34  
  Compensation Discussion and Analysis                   34  
  Executive Summary                                      34  
  Compensation Philosophy                                34  
  Executive Compensation Policies and Practices          35  
  Our Compensation-Setting Process                       35  
  Elements of Executive Pay and 2021 Compensation        37  
  Other Compensation Information                         39  
  Employment Arrangements                                39  
  Post-Employment Compensation                           40  
  Compensation Committee Report                          40  
  Compensation Risk Assessment                           40  
  Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2021        41  
  Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table     42  
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2021                    43  
  Outstanding Equity Awards at 2021 Year-End             44  
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2021              46  
  Potential Payments on Termination or Change in         47  
  Control                                                    
  EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION                   50  
  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS        51  
  AND MANAGEMENT                                             
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED PARTY AND OTHER         54  
  TRANSACTIONS                                               
  OTHER MATTERS                                          58  
  SUMMARY OF AMENDED 2021 PARTNER STUDIO INCENTIVE       58  
  PLAN                                                       
  APPENDIX A                                            A-1  
                                                             
                                          
  AppLovin    iv    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
AppLovin Corporation Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders

General Information

This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy are furnished in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by our board of directors for
use at the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders of AppLovin Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (“we”, “our”, “us”, the “company” or “AppLovin”), and
any postponements, adjournments or continuations thereof (the “Annual
Meeting”).
                                                                            
  Date            Time                       Location                       
  June 8, 2022    10:00 a.m. Pacific Time    www.virtualshareholdermeetin…  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The Annual Meeting will be conducted virtually via live audio webcast. You
will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually by visiting
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2022 , where you will be able to listen
to the meeting live, submit questions and vote online. The Notice of
Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”) containing
instructions on how to access this proxy statement and our annual report is
first being mailed on or about April 27, 2022 to all stockholders entitled
to vote at the Annual Meeting. The proxy materials and our 2021 annual
report can be accessed by following the instructions in the Notice.

The information provided in the “question and answer” format below is for
your convenience only and is merely a summary of the information contained
in this proxy statement. You should read this entire proxy statement
carefully. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our
website is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement and references to our website address in this proxy statement are
inactive textual references only. Our Class A common stock and Class B
common stock are collectively referred to in this proxy statement as our
“common stock.”
                                                                            
  What matters am I voting on?                                              
                                                                            
You are being asked to vote on:

• the election of eight directors to serve until the next annual meeting of
stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified;

• a proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending
December 31, 2022;

• a proposal to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named
executive officers;

• a proposal to recommend, on an advisory basis, the frequency of future
stockholder advisory votes on the compensation of our named executive
officers;

• a proposal to approve an amendment to our 2021 Partner Studio Incentive
Plan (our “2021 Partner Plan”) to increase the number of shares of our Class
A common stock authorized for issuance thereunder; and

• any other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting.
                                         
  2022 Proxy Statement    1    AppLovin  
                                         
How does the board of directors recommend I vote on these proposals?

Our board of directors recommends a vote:

• “FOR” the election of each director nominee named in this proxy statement;

• “FOR” the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending
December 31, 2022;

• “FOR” the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named
executive officers;

• To hold future stockholder advisory votes on the compensation of our named
executive officers every “ONE YEAR”; and

• “FOR” the approval of an amendment to our 2021 Partner Plan to increase
the number of shares of our Class A common stock authorized for issuance
thereunder.

How many votes are needed for approval of each proposal?
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 1: Each director is elected by a plurality of the votes of the
shares present virtually or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled
to vote on the election of directors at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and
broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. “Plurality”
means that the eight nominees who receive the largest number of votes cast
“For” such nominees are elected as directors. As a result, any shares not
voted “For” a particular nominee (whether as a result of a withhold vote or
a broker non-vote) will not be counted in such nominee’s favor and will have
no effect on the outcome of the election. You may vote “For” or “Withhold”
on each of the nominees for election as a director.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 2: The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP
as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year
ending December 31, 2022, requires the affirmative “For” vote of a majority
of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present virtually or
represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to
be approved. You may vote “For,” “Against,” or “Abstain” with respect to
this proposal. Abstentions are considered shares present and entitled to
vote on this proposal, and thus, will have the same effect as a vote
“Against” this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome
of this proposal.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 3: The approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of
our named executive officers requires the affirmative “For” vote of at least
a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present
virtually or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
thereon to be approved. You may vote “For,” “Against,” or “Abstain” with
respect to this proposal. Abstentions are considered shares present and
entitled to vote on this proposal, and thus, will have the same effect as a
vote “Against” this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the
outcome of this proposal. Because this proposal is an advisory vote, the
result will not be binding on our board of directors or our company. Our
board of directors and our compensation committee will consider the outcome
of the vote when determining named executive officer compensation.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 4: To recommend, on an advisory basis, the frequency of future
stockholder advisory votes on the compensation of our named executive
officers, the frequency receiving the highest number of votes cast at the
Annual Meeting by stockholders entitled to vote thereon will be considered
the frequency preferred by the stockholders. If you “Abstain” from voting on
this proposal, it will have no effect on the outcome. Broker
                                         
  AppLovin    2    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                         
non-votes also will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Because
this proposal is an advisory vote, the result will not be binding on our
board of directors or our company. Our board of directors and our
compensation committee will consider the outcome of the vote when
determining how often we should submit to stockholders an advisory vote to
approve the compensation of our named executive officers.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 5: The approval of an amendment to our 2021 Partner Plan to
increase the number of shares of our Class A common stock authorized for
issuance thereunder requires the affirmative “For” vote of a majority of the
voting power of the shares of our common stock present virtually or
represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to
be approved. You may vote “For,” “Against,” or “Abstain” with respect to
this proposal. Abstentions are considered shares present and entitled to
vote on this proposal, and thus, will have the same effect as a vote
“Against” this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome
of this proposal.
                                                                            
  Who is entitled to vote?                                                  
                                                                            
Holders of our Class A and Class B common stock as of the close of business
on April 13, 2022, the record date for the Annual Meeting, may vote at the
Annual Meeting. As of the record date, there were 300,110,098 shares of our
Class A common stock outstanding and 78,662,622 shares of our Class B common
stock outstanding. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will
vote as a single class on all matters described in this proxy statement for
which your vote is being solicited. Stockholders are not permitted to
cumulate votes with respect to the election of directors. Each share of
Class A common stock is entitled to one (1) vote on each proposal and each
share of Class B common stock is entitled to twenty (20) votes on each
proposal.
                                                                            
  Registered Stockholders.                                                  
                                                                            
If shares of our common stock are registered directly in your name with our
transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are considered the
stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and the Notice was
provided to you directly by us. As the stockholder of record, you have the
right to grant your voting proxy directly to the individuals listed on the
proxy card or to vote live at the Annual Meeting. Throughout this proxy
statement, we refer to these registered stockholders as “stockholders of
record.”
                                                                            
  Street Name Stockholders.                                                 
                                                                            
If shares of our common stock are held on your behalf in a brokerage account
or by a bank or other nominee, you are considered to be the beneficial owner
of shares that are held in “street name,” and the Notice was forwarded to
you by your broker or nominee, who is considered the stockholder of record
with respect to those shares. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to
direct your broker, bank, or other nominee as to how to vote your shares.
Beneficial owners are also invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However,
since a beneficial owner is not the stockholder of record, you may not vote
your shares of our common stock live at the Annual Meeting unless you follow
your broker’s procedures for obtaining a legal proxy. If you request a
printed copy of our proxy materials by mail, your broker, bank, or other
nominee will provide a voting instruction form for you to use. Throughout
this proxy statement, we refer to stockholders who hold their shares through
a broker, bank, or other nominee as “street name stockholders.”
                                         
  2022 Proxy Statement    3    AppLovin  
                                         
Are a certain number of shares required to be present at the Annual Meeting?

A quorum is the minimum number of shares required to be present at the
Annual Meeting to properly hold an annual meeting of stockholders and
conduct business under our amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law. The
presence, virtually or by proxy, of a majority of the voting power of all
issued and outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the
Annual Meeting will constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions,
withhold votes, and broker non-votes are counted as shares present and
entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum.
                                                                            
  How do I vote?                                                            
                                                                            
If you are a stockholder of record, there are several ways to vote:
                                                                            
  Internet                                                                  
  Vote by                                                 Virtual Meeting   
  Internet prior    Phone                                 Vote by           
  to the Annual     Vote by                               attending the     
  Meeting           toll-free          Mail               Annual Meeting    
  atwww.proxyvo…    telephone at       Vote by            by                
  24 hours a        1-800-690-6903,    completing and     visitingwww.vir…  
  day, seven        until 11:59        mailing your       where you may     
  days a week,      p.m. Eastern       proxy card (if     vote and submit   
  until 11:59       Time on June 7,    you received       questions during  
  p.m. Eastern      2022 (have your    printed proxy      the meeting       
  Time on June      Notice or          materials);        (please have      
  7, 2022 (have     proxy card in      or                 your Notice or    
  your Notice or    hand when you                         proxy card in     
  proxy card in     call);                                hand when you     
  hand when you                                           visit the         
  visit the                                               website).         
  website);                                                                 
                                                                            
Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we recommend that you also
vote by proxy so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to
attend the Annual Meeting.

If you are a street name stockholder, you will receive voting instructions
from your broker, bank, or other nominee. You must follow the voting
instructions provided by your broker, bank, or other nominee in order to
direct your broker, bank, or other nominee on how to vote your shares.
Street name stockholders should generally be able to vote by returning a
voting instruction form, or by telephone or on the Internet. However, the
availability of telephone and Internet voting will depend on the voting
process of your broker, bank, or other nominee. As discussed above, if you
are a street name stockholder, you may not vote your shares live at the
Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank, or
other nominee.

How may my brokerage firm or other intermediary vote my shares if I fail to
provide timely directions?

Brokerage firms and other intermediaries holding shares of our common stock
in street name for their customers are generally required to vote such
shares in the manner directed by their customers. In the absence of timely
directions, your broker will have discretion to vote your shares on our sole
“routine” matter: the proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte &
Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our
fiscal year
                                         
  AppLovin    4    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                         
ending December 31, 2022. Your broker will not have discretion to vote on
any other proposals, which are “non-routine” matters, absent direction from
you (and failure to provide instructions on these matters will result in a
“broker non-vote”).
                                                                            
  Can I change my vote?                                                     
                                                                            
Yes. If you are a stockholder of record, you can change your vote or revoke
your proxy any time before the Annual Meeting by:

• entering a new vote by Internet or by telephone;

• completing and returning a later-dated proxy card; or

• notifying the Corporate Secretary of AppLovin Corporation, in writing, at
AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.

You may also change your vote by attending and voting at the Annual Meeting
(although attendance at the Annual Meeting will not, by itself, revoke a
proxy).

If you are a street name stockholder, your broker, bank, or other nominee
can provide you with instructions on how to change your vote.

What do I need to do to attend the Annual Meeting?

You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually, submit your
questions during the meeting and vote your shares electronically at the
meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2022 . To
participate in the Annual Meeting, you will need the control number included
on your Notice or proxy card. The Annual Meeting webcast will begin promptly
at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time. We encourage you to access the meeting prior to
the start time. Online check-in will begin at 9:45 a.m. Pacific Time, and
you should allow ample time for the check-in procedures.
                                                                            
  What is the effect of giving a proxy?                                     
                                                                            
Proxies are solicited by and on behalf of our board of directors. Adam
Foroughi, Herald Chen, and Victoria Valenzuela have been designated as proxy
holders by our board of directors. When proxies are properly dated,
executed, and returned, the shares represented by such proxies will be voted
at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions of the
stockholder. If the proxy is dated and signed, but no specific instructions
are given, the shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations
of our board of directors as described above. If any matters not described
in this proxy statement are properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the
proxy holders will use their own judgment to determine how to vote the
shares. If the Annual Meeting is adjourned, the proxy holders can vote the
shares on the new Annual Meeting date as well, unless you have properly
revoked your proxy, as described above.

Why did I receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials
instead of a full set of proxy materials?

In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”), we have elected to furnish our proxy materials, including this
proxy statement and our annual report, primarily via the Internet. The
Notice containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials is first
being mailed on or about April 27, 2022 to all stockholders entitled to vote
at the Annual Meeting.
                                         
  2022 Proxy Statement    5    AppLovin  
                                         
Stockholders may request to receive all future proxy materials in printed
form by mail or electronically by e-mail by following the instructions
contained in the Notice. We encourage stockholders to take advantage of the
availability of our proxy materials on the Internet to help reduce the
environmental impact and cost of our annual meetings of stockholders.
                                                                            
  How are proxies solicited for the Annual Meeting?                         
                                                                            
Our board of directors is soliciting proxies for use at the Annual Meeting.
All expenses associated with this solicitation will be borne by us. We will
reimburse brokers or other nominees for reasonable expenses that they incur
in sending our proxy materials to you if a broker, bank, or other nominee
holds shares of our common stock on your behalf. In addition, our directors
and employees may also solicit proxies by telephone, by electronic
communication or by other means of communication. Our directors and
employees will not be paid any additional compensation for soliciting
proxies.
                                                                            
   Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting?               
                                                                            
We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting. We will
also disclose voting results on a Current Report on Form 8-K that we will
file with the SEC within four business days after the Annual Meeting. If
final voting results are not available to us in time to file a Form 8-K
within four business days after the Annual Meeting, we will file a Form 8-K
to publish preliminary results and will provide the final results in an
amendment to the Form 8-K as soon as they become available.

I share an address with another stockholder, and we received only one paper
copy of the proxy materials. How may I obtain an additional copy of the
proxy materials?

We have adopted a procedure called “householding,” which the SEC has
approved. Under this procedure, we deliver a single copy of the Notice and,
if applicable, our proxy materials, to multiple stockholders who share the
same address, unless we have received contrary instructions from one or more
of such stockholders. This procedure reduces our printing costs, mailing
costs, and fees. Stockholders who participate in householding will continue
to be able to access and receive separate proxy cards. Upon written or oral
request, we will deliver promptly a separate copy of the Notice and, if
applicable, our proxy materials, to any stockholder at a shared address to
which we delivered a single copy of any of these materials. To receive a
separate copy, or, if a stockholder is receiving multiple copies, to request
that we only send a single copy of the Notice and, if applicable, our proxy
materials, such stockholder may contact us at:
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                       Attention: Corporate Secretary                       
                            1100 Page Mill Road                             
                        Palo Alto, California 94304                         
                               (800) 839-9646                               
Street name stockholders may contact their broker, bank, or other nominee to
request information about householding.
                                         
  AppLovin    6    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                         
What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next year’s
annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to serve as
directors?
                                                                            
  Stockholder Proposals                                                     
                                                                            
Stockholders may present proper proposals for inclusion in our proxy
statement and for consideration at next year’s annual meeting of
stockholders by submitting their proposals in writing to our Corporate
Secretary in a timely manner. For a stockholder proposal to be considered
for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of
stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must receive the written proposal at
our principal executive offices not later than December 28, 2022. In
addition, stockholder proposals must comply with the requirements of Rule
14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”) regarding the inclusion of stockholder proposals in company-sponsored
proxy materials. Stockholder proposals should be addressed to:
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                       Attention: Corporate Secretary                       
                            1100 Page Mill Road,                            
                        Palo Alto, California 94304                         
                               (800) 839-9646                               
Our amended and restated bylaws also establish an advance notice procedure
for stockholders who wish to present a proposal before an annual meeting of
stockholders but do not intend for the proposal to be included in our proxy
statement. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the only business
that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders is business that
is (i) specified in our proxy materials with respect to such annual meeting,
(ii) otherwise properly brought before such annual meeting by or at the
direction of our board of directors, (iii) properly brought before such
annual meeting as may be provided in the certificate of designations for any
class or series of preferred stock, or (iv) properly brought before such
meeting by a stockholder who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of
giving of the notice contemplated by our amended and restated bylaws; (B) is
a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to notice of the annual meeting; (C) is a stockholder
of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to vote at the annual meeting; (D) is a stockholder of record at the time of
the annual meeting; and (E) complies with the procedures set forth in our
amended and restated bylaws, including delivering timely written notice to
our Corporate Secretary, which notice must contain the information specified
in our amended and restated bylaws. To be timely for the 2023 annual meeting
of stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must receive the written notice at
our principal executive offices:

• no earlier than 8:00 a.m., local time, on February 8, 2023; and

• no later than 5:00 p.m., local time, on March 10, 2023.

In the event that we hold the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders more than
25 days from the one-year anniversary of the Annual Meeting, a notice of a
stockholder proposal that is not intended to be included in our proxy
statement must be received no earlier than 8:00 a.m., local time, on the
120th day prior to the day of the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and no
later than 5:00 p.m., local time, on the of the 10th day following the day
on which public announcement of the date of the 2023 annual meeting of
stockholders is first made.

Unless otherwise required by law, if a stockholder who has notified us of
his, her, or its intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting of
stockholders does not appear to present his, her, or its proposal at such
annual meeting, we are not required to present the proposal for a vote at
such annual meeting.
                                         
  2022 Proxy Statement    7    AppLovin  
                                         
Recommendation or Nomination of Director Candidates

Stockholders who have continuously held 1% of our fully diluted
capitalization for at least 12 months prior to the submission of their
recommendation may recommend director candidates for consideration by our
nominating and corporate governance committee. Any such recommendations
should include the candidate’s name, home and business contact information,
detailed biographical data, relevant qualifications, a signed letter from
the candidate confirming willingness to serve, information regarding any
relationships between the candidate and the company and evidence of the
recommending stockholder’s ownership of the company’s capital stock and
should be directed to our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at the
address set forth above. For additional information regarding stockholder
recommendations for director candidates, see the section titled “Board of
Directors and Corporate Governance—Stockholder Recommendations and
Nominations to the Board of Directors.”

In addition, our amended and restated bylaws permit stockholders to nominate
directors for election at an annual meeting of stockholders. To nominate a
director, the stockholder must provide the information required by our
amended and restated bylaws. In addition, the stockholder must give timely
notice to our Corporate Secretary in accordance with our amended and
restated bylaws, which, in general, require that the notice be received by
our Corporate Secretary within the time periods described above under the
section titled “Stockholder Proposals” for stockholder proposals that are
not intended to be included in a proxy statement.
                                                                            
  Availability of Bylaws                                                    
                                                                            
A copy of our amended and restated bylaws is available via our website at
investors.applovin.com and the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . You may also
contact our Corporate Secretary at the address set forth above for a copy of
the relevant bylaw provisions regarding the requirements for making
stockholder proposals and nominating director candidates.
                                         
  AppLovin    8    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                         
Board of Directors and Corporate Governance

Our business affairs are managed under the direction of our board of
directors. Our board of directors currently consists of eight (8) directors,
five (5) of whom qualify as “independent” under the corporate governance
requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”). At each annual
meeting of stockholders, directors will be elected for a one-year term and
until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

The following charts provide summary information about our director nominees
with respect to independence, diversity, and tenure.
                                                                            
  Board Diversity Matrix (As of                                             
  April                                                                     
  27, 2022)                                                                 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Board                                                                     
  Size:                                                                     
  Total Number of Directors                  8                              
  Part I:                               Female    Male    Did Not Disclose  
  Gender Identity                                                   Gender  
  Directors                                  3       4                   1  
  Part II:                                                                  
  Demographic Background                                                    
  African American or Black                  1       0                   0  
  Asian                                      1       1                   0  
  Hispanic                                   0       1                   0  
  or Latinx                                                                 
  White                                      1       2                   0  
  LGBTQ+                                     0                              
  Did Not Disclose Demographic               1                              
  Background                                                                
                                                                            
                                                 
  Gender    Ethnicity    Tenure    Independence  
                                                 
                                         
  2022 Proxy Statement    9    AppLovin  
                                         
                                                                            
  Nominees for Director                                                     
                                                                            
The following provides summary information about each of our director
nominees as of April 27, 2022:
                                                                            
                              Mr. Foroughi is one of our co-founders and    
                              has served as our Chief Executive Officer     
                              and                                           
                              a member of our board of directors since      
                              December 2011.                                
                              He was designated as Chairperson of our       
                              board of directors in March 2021. He          
                              previously                                    
                              co-founded two advertising technology         
                              companies, Lifestreet Media Inc. and Social   
                              Hour Inc. Mr. Foroughi holds a B.A. in        
                              Business Administration from the University   
                              of California, Berkeley.                      
                              Mr. Foroughi was selected to serve on our     
                              board of directors because of his deep        
                              industry knowledge and the vision             
                              and experience he brings as our Chief         
                              Executive Officer and co-founder.             
  Adam Foroughi                                                             
  Chairperson of the Board                                                  
  Age: 41                                                                   
  Director Since: 2011                                                      
  Committees: None                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
                          Mr. Chen has served as our President and Chief    
                          Financial Officer since November 2019 and         
                          as a member of our board of directors since       
                          August 2018.                                      
                          Prior to joining us, he served as the head of     
                          Technology, Media and Telecom at Kohlberg         
                          Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (together with its      
                          affiliates, KKR), an investment firm that         
                          manages multiple alternative asset classes, from  
                          2007 to 2019, having previously worked for the    
                          firm from 1995 to 1997. He also currently serves  
                          on                                                
                          the board of directors of GoDaddy, Inc., an       
                          online solutions provider, and Internet Brands    
                          Inc., an integrated digital media and software    
                          services company. Mr. Chen holds a B.S. in        
                          Economics (Finance) and a B.S.E. in Mechanical    
                          Engineering                                       
                          from the University of Pennsylvania and an        
                          M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate      
                          School of Business.                               
                          Mr. Chen was selected to serve on our board of    
                          directors because of his extensive operating and  
                          management                                        
                          experience, his financial acumen and his          
                          knowledge of technology companies and his         
                          experience serving on the boards of directors of  
                          other public and private technology companies.    
  Herald Chen                                                               
  Director                                                                  
  Age: 52                                                                   
  Director Since: 2018                                                      
  Committees: None                                                          
                                                                            
                                          
  AppLovin    10    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
                                       Mr. Billings has served as a member  
                                       of our board of directors since      
                                       December 2020.                       
                                       Mr. Billings has served as Chief     
                                       Executive Officer and a member of    
                                       the board of directors               
                                       of Wynn Resorts, Limited, a          
                                       developer and operator of hotels     
                                       and casinos, since February 2022.    
                                       Prior to February 2022, Mr.          
                                       Billings served as the Chief         
                                       Financial Officer and Treasurer of   
                                       Wynn Resorts from March 2017 to      
                                       January 2022 and as                  
                                       President from May 2019 to May       
                                       2021. He has also served as a        
                                       Non-Executive Director of Wynn       
                                       Macau, Limited, a majority owned     
                                       subsidiary of Wynn Resorts since     
                                       August 2018. From December 2015 to   
                                       January 2018, Mr. Billings served    
                                       as                                   
                                       Non-Executive Chairman of NYX        
                                       Gaming Ltd., a developer of digital  
                                       gaming systems which was acquired    
                                       by Scientific Games Corporation in   
                                       January 2018. Mr. Billings has been  
                                       a Certified Public Accountant since  
                                       1999. He holds a B.S. in Business    
                                       Administration from the University   
                                       of Nevada, Las Vegas and an M.B.A.   
                                       from Columbia Business School.       
                                       Mr. Billings was selected to serve   
                                       on our board of directors because    
                                       of his significant operational       
                                       experience as                        
                                       an executive and his financial       
                                       expertise.                           
  Craig Billings                                                            
  Lead Independent Director                                                 
  Age: 49                                                                   
  Director Since: 2020                                                      
  Committees: Audit (Chair);                                                
  Compensation                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                        Ms. Georgiadis has served as a      
                                        member of our board of directors    
                                        since January 2021.                 
                                        Ms. Georgiadis has served as        
                                        CEO-Partner of Flagship             
                                        Pioneering, a bioplatform           
                                        innovation                          
                                        company, since April 2022. She      
                                        previously served as an Endurance   
                                        Partner-in-Residence at General     
                                        Catalyst, a venture capital firm,   
                                        from January 2021 to April 2022.    
                                        From May 2018 to December 2020,     
                                        she served as President and Chief   
                                        Executive                           
                                        Officer of Ancestry, a global       
                                        family history and consumer         
                                        genomics company. From February     
                                        2017 to May 2018, she served as     
                                        Chief Executive Officer of Mattel,  
                                        Inc., a global children’s           
                                        entertainment company specializing  
                                        in toys and consumer                
                                        products. She also has served as    
                                        President, Americas, from 2011 to   
                                        2017 and Vice President, Global     
                                        Sales Operations, from 2009 to      
                                        2011, at Google Inc., a global      
                                        technology company. She currently   
                                        serves on the board of directors    
                                        of                                  
                                        McDonald’s Corporation and several  
                                        private companies, and previously   
                                        served on the board of directors    
                                        of Amyris, Inc. and Mattel, Inc.    
                                        She holds an A.B. from Harvard      
                                        College and an M.B.A. from Harvard  
                                        Business School.                    
                                        Ms. Georgiadis was selected to      
                                        serve on our board of directors     
                                        because of her significant          
                                        operational experience,             
                                        her experience serving on the       
                                        boards of directors of other        
                                        public companies, and her           
                                        financial expertise.                
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
  Independent Director                                                      
  Age: 58                                                                   
  Director Since: 2021                                                      
  Committees: Audit; Nominating and                                         
  Corporate Governance (Chair)                                              
                                                                            
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    11    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
                          Ms. Harvey Dawson has served as a member of our   
                          board of directors since November 2021.           
                          Ms. Harvey Dawson has served as Chief Legal       
                          Officer of Gusto, Inc., a modern HR platform,     
                          since August 2020. Previously, from June 2017 to  
                          July 2020, she served as General Counsel of       
                          Sidewalk Labs, LLC, an urban innovation           
                          subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. From 2011 until May   
                          2017, she was Vice President, Global              
                          Intellectual Property                             
                          at Harman International Industries, Inc., an      
                          audio and entertainment company. She is a member  
                          of the board of directors of Make-A-Wish          
                          Connecticut. She also serves on the Advisory      
                          Board of Quello Center for Telecommunication      
                          Management and                                    
                          Law, is on the Attorney Advisory Board of the     
                          Initiative on Gender Justice and Opportunity at   
                          Georgetown University Law Center and was a        
                          Member of Aspen Institute’s Tech Executive        
                          Leadership Institute. She holds a B.A. in         
                          Journalism from                                   
                          Michigan State University and a J.D. from         
                          Georgetown University Law Center.                 
                          Ms. Harvey Dawson was selected to serve on our    
                          board of directors because of her significant     
                          operational                                       
                          experience as an executive in the technology      
                          industry and her legal and regulatory expertise.  
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                                      
  Independent Director                                                      
  Age: 52                                                                   
  Director Since: 2021                                                      
  Committees: Audit                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                      Mr. Oberwager has served as a member  
                                      of our board of directors since       
                                      November 2019.                        
                                      He joined KKR in 2008 where he is a   
                                      Partner, Private Equity. Mr.          
                                      Oberwager currently                   
                                      serves on the board of directors of   
                                      several privately-held companies.     
                                      Mr. Oberwager holds a B.A. in         
                                      Classics from Georgetown University   
                                      and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business   
                                      School.                               
                                      Mr. Oberwager was selected to serve   
                                      on our board of directors because of  
                                      his extensive experience as an        
                                      investment                            
                                      professional and his experience       
                                      serving on the boards of directors    
                                      of other technology companies.        
  Edward Oberwager                                                          
  Director                                                                  
  Age: 37                                                                   
  Director Since: 2019                                                      
  Committees: Compensation (Chair)                                          
                                                                            
                                          
  AppLovin    12    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
                                       Ms. Sharma has served as a member    
                                       of our board of directors since      
                                       August 2021.                         
                                       Since February 2021, Ms. Sharma has  
                                       served as Chief Operating Officer    
                                       of Maplebear Inc.                    
                                       (d/b/a Instacart), a leading         
                                       provider of online grocery           
                                       services. Previously, she served in  
                                       several roles at Facebook, a global  
                                       technology company, including VP of  
                                       Product for Messenger and Head of    
                                       Product for Social Impact. She also  
                                       served                               
                                       as Chief Operating Officer from      
                                       2013 to 2017 at Porch Group, Inc.,   
                                       a home services software provider,   
                                       and served in marketing and          
                                       operations roles from 2011 to 2013   
                                       at Microsoft, a computer software    
                                       provider. She has served on the      
                                       board of                             
                                       directors of Porch Group since       
                                       December 2020 and previously served  
                                       on the board of directors of         
                                       HelpScout, a private company, and    
                                       Virginia Mason Medical Center. She   
                                       holds a Bachelor of Science in       
                                       Business from the University of      
                                       Minnesota,                           
                                       Carlson School of Management.        
                                       Ms. Sharma was selected to serve on  
                                       our board of directors because of    
                                       her significant operational          
                                       experience as an                     
                                       executive in the technology          
                                       industry and her experience serving  
                                       on the board of directors of         
                                       another public company.              
  Asha Sharma                                                               
  Independent Director                                                      
  Age: 33                                                                   
  Director Since: 2021                                                      
  Committees: Nominating &                                                  
  Corporate Governance                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                       Mr. Vivas has served as a member of  
                                       our board of directors since August  
                                       2018.                                
                                       He has served as Chief Executive     
                                       Officer at Curated.com, an online    
                                       outdoor sports                       
                                       retailer he co-founded, since        
                                       August 2017. From March 2014 to      
                                       April 2017, Mr. Vivas served as      
                                       Head of Product, Talent Solutions    
                                       at LinkedIn Corporation, a business  
                                       and employment-oriented online       
                                       service. He joined LinkedIn through  
                                       its                                  
                                       acquisition of Bright.com, an        
                                       employment website company he        
                                       co-founded and served as Chief       
                                       Product Officer from October 2011    
                                       to February 2014.                    
                                       Mr. Vivas was selected to serve on   
                                       our board of directors because of    
                                       his deep industry knowledge and      
                                       significant                          
                                       operational experience as an         
                                       executive with technology            
                                       companies.                           
  Eduardo Vivas                                                             
  Independent Director                                                      
  Age: 36                                                                   
  Director Since: 2018                                                      
  Committees: Nominating and                                                
  Corporate Governance                                                      
                                                                            
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    13    AppLovin  
                                          
Director Independence and Controlled Company Exemption

Under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, independent directors
must comprise a majority of a listed company’s board of directors. In
addition, Nasdaq rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each
member of a listed company’s audit, compensation, and nominating and
corporate governance committees be independent. Under Nasdaq rules, a
director will only qualify as an “independent director” if, in the opinion
of the company’s board of directors, the director does not have a
relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.

Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each
director. Based on information provided by each director concerning their
background, employment and affiliations, our board of directors has
determined that each of Messrs. Billings and Vivas and Mses. Georgiadis,
Harvey Dawson, and Sharma do not have a relationship that would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is
“independent” as that term is defined under the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. In making these determinations, our board of directors
considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee
director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our
board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence,
including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee
director, and the transactions involving them described in the section
titled “Certain Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions” below.

All shares of our Class B common stock are held by Messrs. Foroughi and Chen
and KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”), collectively with certain
affiliated trusts and entities (the “Voting Agreement Parties”). The Voting
Agreement Parties control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding
common stock. As a result, we are considered a “controlled company” within
the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Under these
rules, a “controlled company” may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements, including the requirements:

• that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent
directors;

• that our board of directors have a nominating and corporate governance
committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written
charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities;

• that our board of directors have a compensation committee that is composed
entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the
committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and

• that we conduct an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and
corporate governance committee and compensation committee.

We are currently utilizing certain of these exemptions. As a result, we do
not have a compensation committee that consists entirely of independent
directors. In the event that we cease to be a “controlled company” and our
Class A common stock continues to be listed on Nasdaq, we will be required
to comply with these provisions within the applicable transaction periods.

Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Lead Independent Director

Mr. Foroughi currently serves as both the chairperson of our board of
directors and as our chief executive officer. As our co-founder, Mr.
Foroughi is best positioned to identify strategic priorities, lead critical
discussion, and execute our business plans.
                                          
  AppLovin    14    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Our board of directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that
provide that one of our independent directors should serve as our lead
independent director at any time when the chairperson of our board of
directors is not independent. Because Mr. Foroughi is our chairperson and is
not an “independent” director as defined in Nasdaq’s corporate governance
requirements, our board of directors has determined that it is advisable and
in the best interests of stockholders to have a lead independent director
to, among other things, preside over meetings of the independent directors
and reporting to our chief executive officer and our president regarding
feedback from executive sessions. As our lead independent director, Mr.
Billings presides over periodic meetings of our independent directors,
serves as a liaison between Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen and our independent
directors, and performs such additional duties as our board of directors may
otherwise determine and delegate.

Our independent directors meet at least twice a year in executive sessions
chaired by the lead independent director, which include discussions and
recommendations regarding guidance to be provided to our chief executive
officer and our president and such topics as the independent directors may
determine.

As a result of the board of directors’ committee system and the existence of
a majority of independent directors, the board of directors believes it
maintains effective oversight of our business operations, including
independent oversight of our financial statements, executive compensation,
selection of director candidates, and corporate governance programs. We
believe that the leadership structure of our board of directors, including
Mr. Billings’ role as lead independent director, is appropriate and enhances
our board of directors’ ability to effectively carry out its roles and
responsibilities on behalf of our stockholders, while Mr. Foroughi’s
combined role enables strong leadership, creates clear accountability, and
enhances our ability to communicate our message and strategy clearly and
consistently to stockholders.
                                                                            
  Board Committees                                                          
                                                                            
Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation
committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The current
composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our board of
directors is described below. Members will serve on these committees until
their resignation or until as otherwise determined by our board of
directors.
                                                                            
                                                    Nominating and          
  Director                 Audit    Compensation    Corporate               
                                                    Governance              
  Adam                                                                      
  Foroughi                                                                  
  Herald Chen                                                               
  Craig                    ■▲       ●                                       
  Billings                                                                  
  Margaret Georgiadis      ●▲                       ■                       
  Alyssa                   ●                                                
  Harvey Dawson                                                             
  Edward Oberwager                  ■                                       
  Asha                                              ●                       
  Sharma                                                                    
  Eduardo Vivas                                     ●                       
  ●Committee                                                                
  member■Committee                                                          
  chair▲Financial                                                           
  expert                                                                    
                                                                            
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    15    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Audit Committee                                                           
                                                                            
Our audit committee consists of Mr. Billings and Mses. Georgiadis and Harvey
Dawson, with Mr. Billings serving as chairperson. Mr. Oberwager served on
our audit committee until March 2022, at which point Ms. Harvey Dawson was
appointed to the committee. Each member of our audit committee meets the
requirements for independence under the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of our audit
committee also meets the financial literacy and sophistication requirements
of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. In addition, our board of
directors has determined that each of Mr. Billings and Ms. Georgiadis is an
audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d) of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”). Our audit committee, among other things:

• selects a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public
accounting firm to audit our financial statements;

• helps to ensure the independence and performance of the independent
registered public accounting firm;

• discusses the scope and results of the audit with the independent
registered public accounting firm, and reviews, with management and the
independent registered public accounting firm, our interim and year-end
results of operations;

• develops procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about
questionable accounting or audit matters;

• reviews our policies on risk assessment and risk management;

• reviews related party transactions; and

• approves or, as required, pre-approves, all audit and all permissible non-
audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be performed by
the independent registered public accounting firm.

Our audit committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements. A copy of the charter for our audit committee is
available on our website at www.investors.applovin.com . During 2021, our
audit committee held 3 meetings.
                                                                            
  Compensation Committee                                                    
                                                                            
Our compensation committee consists of Messrs. Oberwager and Billings, with
Mr. Oberwager serving as chairperson. Mr. Billings meets the requirements
for independence under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. We
utilize the “controlled company” exemption from having a compensation
committee composed entirely of independent directors. Each member of our
compensation committee is a non-employee director, as defined pursuant to
Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. Our compensation committee, among other
things:

• reviews, approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our board of
directors regarding, the compensation of our executive officers;

• administers our equity compensation plans;

• reviews and approves and makes recommendations to our board of directors
regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans; and

• establishes and reviews general policies relating to compensation and
benefits of our employees.
                                          
  AppLovin    16    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Our compensation committee operates under a written charter that satisfies
the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements. A copy of the charter for our compensation
committee is available on our website at investors.applovin.com. During
2021, our compensation committee held 3 meetings.
                                                                            
  Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee                             
                                                                            
Our nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Mses.
Georgiadis and Sharma and Mr. Vivas, with Ms. Georgiadis serving as
chairperson. Ms. Harvey Dawson served on our nominating and corporate
governance committee until March 2022, at which point Ms. Sharma was
appointed to the committee. Each of Mses. Georgiadis and Sharma, and Mr.
Vivas meets the requirements for independence under the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements. Our nominating and corporate governance committee,
among other things:

• identifies, evaluates and selects, or makes recommendations to our board
of directors regarding, nominees for election to our board of directors and
its committees;

• evaluates the performance of our board of directors and of individual
directors;

• considers and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding
the composition of our board of directors and its committees;

• reviews developments in corporate governance practices;

• evaluates the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and
reporting;

• oversees succession planning for our named executive officers; and

• develops and makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding
corporate governance guidelines and matters.

Our nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written
charter that satisfies the applicable Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. A copy of the charter for our nominating and corporate
governance committee is available on our website at investors.applovin.com.
During 2021, our nominating and corporate governance committee held 3
meetings.
                                                                            
  Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings                              
                                                                            
During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, our board of directors held
seven meetings (including regularly scheduled and special meetings). Six of
our directors attended 100% of meetings of the board and the committees on
which they then served, and all of our directors attended at least 75% of
the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of our board of directors
held during the period for which he or she has been a director and (ii) the
total number of meetings held by all committees of our board of directors on
which he or she served during the periods that he or she served.

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members of
our board of directors at annual meetings of stockholders, our Corporate
Governance Guidelines strongly encourage, but do not require, our directors
to attend. The Annual Meeting will be our first annual meeting of our
stockholders.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of the members of our compensation committee is or has been an officer
or employee of AppLovin. None of our executive officers currently serves, or
in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or
compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent
functions) of any other entity that has one
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    17    AppLovin  
                                          
of its executive officers serving on our board of directors or compensation
committee. See the section titled “Certain Relationships, Related Party and
Other Transactions” below for information about related party transactions
involving members of our compensation committee or their affiliates.
                                                                            
  Board Evaluations                                                         
                                                                            
Our board of directors conducts an annual evaluation of the performance of
individual directors, the board as a whole, and each of the board’s standing
committees, including an evaluation of the qualifications of individual
members of the board and its committees. A list of questions is provided to
each director in advance and the responses are collected by an independent
third party vendor. The results of the evaluation are first reviewed by our
lead independent director and the chair of our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, in partnership with our in-house legal team.
Thereafter, the evaluation results and any recommendations for improvement
are provided orally to our board of directors and the other standing
committees of the board by a member of our legal team. Our board and our
management work closely to address any action items that result from the
board’s evaluation process.
                                                                            
  Voting Structure and Voting Agreement                                     
                                                                            
In connection with our initial public offering, we amended and restated our
certificate of incorporation to create three classes of authorized common
stock. Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one (1) vote for
each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders
of our Class B common stock are entitled to twenty (20) votes for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, and holders of our
Class C common stock are not entitled to vote on any matter that is
submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as otherwise required by law.
There are no shares of our Class C common stock outstanding. The holders of
our Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single
class, unless otherwise required by law.

All shares of Class B common stock are held by the Voting Agreement Parties.
The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into a voting agreement (the
“Voting Agreement”) whereby all Class B common stock held by the Voting
Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities and permitted
transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen,
and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Voting
Agreement Parties will collectively be able to determine or significantly
influence any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including
the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other
major corporate transaction. Further, Mr. Chen is party to an Equity Award
Exchange Agreement covering options to purchase 2,300,001 shares of Class A
common stock and 60,399 shares of Class A common stock held pursuant to an
exercise of stock options. The Equity Award Exchange Agreement provides that
Mr. Chen may exchange such shares, or the shares received upon exercise of
such options, as may be the case, for an equivalent number of shares of our
Class B common stock. For additional information on the voting power of the
Voting Agreement Parties, see the section titled “Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.”
                                                                            
  Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees                            
                                                                            
Our nominating and corporate governance committee uses a variety of methods,
including engaging the services of outside consultants and search firms, to
identify and evaluate director nominees. Our nominating and corporate
governance committee works with our board of directors to determine the
desired qualifications, expertise, and characteristics of our board of
directors, including such factors as business experience and diversity, and
with respect to diversity, such factors as differences in professional
background, education, skill and other individual qualities and attributes
that contribute to the total mix of viewpoints and experience represented on
the board of directors.
                                          
  AppLovin    18    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
In its evaluation of director candidates, our nominating and corporate
governance committee and our board of directors. evaluate each director in
the context of the membership of the board of directors as a group, with the
objective of having a group that can best perpetuate the success of the
business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound
judgment using its diversity of background and experience in the various
areas. Each director should be an individual of high character and
integrity. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-election,
the nominating and corporate governance committee also considers the
director’s past attendance at meetings, participation in and contributions
to the activities of the board of directors and the company, and other
qualifications and characteristics set forth in the charter of the
nominating and corporate governance committee charter. Some of the
qualifications that our nominating and corporate governance committee
considers include, without limitation, issues of character, integrity,
judgment, corporate experience, diversity of experience, background,
independence, area of expertise, length of service, potential conflicts of
interest, other commitments and the like, including as required by
applicable laws, rules and regulations. Nominees must also have the highest
personal and professional ethics and integrity, proven achievement and
competence in the nominee’s field and the ability to exercise sound business
judgment, skills that are complementary to those of the existing board, and
the ability to assist and support management and make significant
contributions to our success. Director candidates must understand the
fiduciary responsibilities that are required of a member of our board of
directors and have sufficient time and energy available, in the judgment of
our nominating and corporate governance committee, to perform all board of
director and applicable committee responsibilities. Members of our board of
directors are expected to prepare for, attend, and participate in all board
of directors and applicable committee meetings. Our nominating and corporate
governance committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem,
from time to time, are in our and our stockholders’ best interests.

After completing its review and evaluation of director candidates, including
incumbent directors, our nominating and corporate governance committee
recommends to our full board of directors the director nominees for
selection.

Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the Board of Directors

Our nominating and corporate governance committee will consider director
candidates recommended by stockholders who have continuously held at least
one percent (1%) of our fully diluted capitalization for at least 12 months
prior to the date of the submission of the recommendation, so long as such
recommendations comply with our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and applicable laws, rules and
regulations, including those promulgated by the SEC. Our nominating and
corporate governance committee will evaluate such recommendations in
accordance with its charter, our amended and restated bylaws and our
policies and procedures for director candidates, as well as the regular
director nominee criteria described above. This process is designed to
ensure that our board of directors includes members with diverse
backgrounds, skills, and experience, including appropriate financial and
other expertise relevant to our business. Eligible stockholders wishing to
recommend a candidate for nomination should contact our Chief Legal Officer
and Corporate Secretary in writing at the address below. Such
recommendations must include the candidate’s name, home and business contact
information, detailed biographical data, relevant qualifications, a signed
letter from the candidate confirming willingness to serve, information
regarding any relationships between the candidate and the company and
evidence of the recommending stockholder’s ownership of the company’s
capital stock, a signed letter from the candidate confirming willingness to
serve on our board of directors and any additional information required by
our amended and restated bylaws. Our nominating and corporate governance
committee has discretion to decide which individuals to recommend for
nomination as directors.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    19    AppLovin  
                                          
Under our amended and restated bylaws, stockholders may also directly
nominate persons for our board of directors. Any nomination must comply with
the requirements set forth in our amended and restated bylaws and should be
sent in writing to our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at
AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. To
be timely for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, nominations must be
received by our Corporate Secretary observing the same deadlines for
stockholder proposals discussed above under “What is the deadline to propose
actions for consideration at next year’s annual meeting of stockholders or
to nominate individuals to serve as directors? – Stockholder Proposals.”

We have entered into a Director Nominations Agreement with KKR Denali. The
Director Nominations Agreement grants KKR Denali the right to nominate to
our board of directors one designee (the “KKR Director”) as long as KKR
Denali and its affiliates collectively beneficially own at least 25% of the
shares of the Class B common stock that KKR Denali held immediately prior to
our initial public offering. In addition, in the event a vacancy on the
board of directors is created by the death, disability, retirement or
resignation of a KKR Denali director designee, KKR Denali shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, have the right to have the vacancy filled
by a new KKR Director. Edward Oberwager currently serves as the KKR
Director.

Further, for so long as KKR Denali and its affiliates hold at least 5% of
the outstanding shares of our common stock, one of the independent
candidates selected by the nominating and corporate governance committee for
nomination to our board of directors shall be subject to the approval of KKR
Denali prior to the nomination of such candidate for election by our
stockholders.
                                                                            
  Communications with the Board of Directors                                
                                                                            
Interested parties wishing to communicate with non-management members of our
board of directors may do so by writing and mailing the correspondence to
our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at AppLovin Corporation,
Attn: Chief Legal Officer, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.
Each communication should set forth (i) the name and address of the
stockholder, as it appears on our books, and if the shares of our common
stock are held by a nominee, the name and address of the beneficial owner of
such shares, and (ii) the class and number of shares of our common stock
that are owned of record by the record holder and beneficially by the
beneficial owner.

Our Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with appropriate members of our
board of directors as necessary, will review all incoming communications
(except for mass mailings, product complaints or inquiries, job inquiries,
business solicitations and patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate
material) and, if appropriate, will route such communications to the
appropriate director(s) or, if none is specified, to the Chairperson of the
Board or the Lead Independent Director.

This procedure does not apply to (i) communications to non-management
directors from our officers or directors who are stockholders or (ii)
stockholder proposals submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange
Act, which are discussed further in the section titled “What is the deadline
to propose actions for consideration at next year’s annual meeting of
stockholders or to nominate individuals to serve as directors?—Stockholder
Proposals” described above in this proxy statement.

Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct and Business Ethics

Our board of directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that
address items such as the qualifications and responsibilities of our
directors and director candidates, including independence standards, and
corporate governance policies and standards applicable to us in general. In
addition, our board of directors has adopted a Code of Conduct and Business
Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors,
including our Chief
                                          
  AppLovin    20    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and other executive and senior
financial officers. The full text of each of our Corporate Governance
Guidelines and our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics is posted on our
website at investors.applovin.com. We will post amendments to our Code of
Conduct and Business Ethics or any waivers of our Code of Conduct and
Business Ethics for directors and executive officers on the same website or
in filings under the Exchange Act.
                                                                            
  Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process                                   
                                                                            
Risk is inherent with every business, and we face a number of risks,
including strategic, financial, business and operational, legal and
compliance, and reputational, in the pursuit and achievement of our
strategic objectives. We have designed and implemented processes to manage
risk in our operations. Management is responsible for the day-to-day
oversight and management of strategic, operational, legal and compliance,
cybersecurity, and financial risks, while our board of directors, as a whole
and assisted by its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of our
risk management framework, which is designed to identify, assess, and manage
risks to which our company is exposed, as well as to foster a corporate
culture of integrity. Consistent with this approach, our board regularly
reviews our strategic and operational risks in the context of discussions
with management, question and answer sessions, and reports from the
management team at each regular board meeting. Our board also receives
regular reports on all significant committee activities at each regular
board meeting, and evaluates the risks inherent in significant transactions.

In addition, our board has tasked designated standing committees with
oversight of certain categories of risk management. Our audit committee
assists our board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect
to risk management in the areas of internal control over financial reporting
and disclosure controls and procedures, as well as legal and regulatory
compliance and potential conflicts of interest. Our audit committee also,
among other things, discusses with management and the independent auditor
guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management
pertaining to financial, accounting, and tax matters. Our compensation
committee assesses risks relating to our executive compensation plans and
arrangements, and whether our compensation policies and programs have the
potential to encourage excessive risk-taking. Our nominating and corporate
governance committee assesses risks relating to our corporate governance
practices, the independence of the board, and corporate succession plans for
our executive officers. These committees provide regular reports on our risk
management efforts to the full board.

Our board of directors believes its current leadership structure supports
the risk oversight function of the board.
                                                                            
  Director Compensation                                                     
                                                                            
We have adopted a compensation policy for our non-employee directors (the
“Director Compensation Policy”). The Director Compensation Policy was
developed with input from our independent compensation consultant, Radford
(Aon plc), regarding practices and compensation levels at comparable
companies. The Director Compensation Policy is designed to attract, retain,
and reward experienced non-employee directors.

Under this director compensation policy, each non-employee director receives
the cash and equity compensation for board services described below. We also
reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable, customary, and
documented travel expenses to meetings of our board of directors or its
committee and other expenses.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    21    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Cash Compensation                                                         
                                                                            
Under our Director Compensation Policy, non-employee directors are entitled
to receive the following cash compensation for their service on our board of
directors:

• $50,000 per year for service as a board member;

• $60,000 per year for service as chairperson of the board;

• $20,000 per year for service as lead independent director of the board;

• $25,000 per year for service as chairperson of the audit committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as member of the audit committee;

• $20,000 per year for service as chairperson of the compensation committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as member of the compensation committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as chairperson of the nominating and
corporate governance committee; and

• $5,000 per year for service as member of the nominating and corporate
governance committee.

Each non-employee director who serves as the chairperson of a committee will
receive only the annual cash fee as the chairperson of the committee, and
not the additional annual cash fee as a member of the committee. All cash
payments to non-employee directors are paid quarterly in arrears on a pro-
rated basis.
                                                                            
  Equity Compensation                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Initial Award                                                             
                                                                            
Each person who first becomes a non-employee director after the date of the
effectiveness of the registration statement relating to our initial public
offering, on the first trading date on or after the date on which such
individual first becomes a non-employee director, will be granted an initial
award of restricted stock units, or RSUs (the “Initial Award”). The Initial
Award will cover a number of shares of our Class A common stock having a
grant date fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP) of $337,500,
rounded to the nearest whole share (the “New Hire Award”). The New Hire
Award will vest in 12 equal quarterly installments beginning on the first
Quarterly Vesting Date to occur after such individual first becomes a non-
employee director and each subsequent Quarterly Vesting Date thereafter,
subject to the non-employee director continuing to be a service provider
through the applicable vesting date. Our Quarterly Vesting Dates are
February 20, May 20, August 20, and November 20. If the person was a member
of our board of directors and also an employee, becoming a non-employee
director due to termination of employment will not entitle them to an
Initial Award.
                                                                            
  Annual Award                                                              
                                                                            
Each non-employee director will automatically receive, on the date of each
annual meeting of our stockholders following the effective date of the
Director Compensation Policy, an annual award of RSUs (an “Annual Award”)
covering a number of shares of our Class A common stock having a grant date
fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP) of $225,000, rounded to the
nearest whole share. The Annual Award will vest on the earlier of (i) the
one-year anniversary of the date the Annual Award is granted or (ii) the day
prior to the date of the annual meeting next following the date the Annual
Award is granted, in each case, subject to the non-employee director
continuing to be a service provider through the applicable vesting date.

In the event of a “change in control” (as defined in our 2021 Equity
Incentive Plan), each non-employee director’s outstanding awards will fully
vest, provided that the non-employee director continues to be a non-employee
director through the date of the change in control.
                                          
  AppLovin    22    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  Maximum Annual Compensation Limit                                         
                                                                            
The Director Compensation Policy includes a maximum annual limit of $750,000
in total cash and equity compensation awards that may be paid, issued, or
granted to a non-employee director in any fiscal year (increased to
$1,000,000 in the non-employee director’s initial year of service as a non-
employee director). For purposes of this limitation, the value of equity
awards is based on the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP). Any cash compensation
paid or equity compensation awards granted to a person for their service as
an employee, or for their service as a consultant (other than as a non-
employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. The
maximum limit does not reflect the intended size of any potential
compensation or equity awards to our non-employee directors.
                                                                            
  2021 Compensation                                                         
                                                                            
The following table provides information regarding compensation of our non-
employee directors for their service as directors, for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2021. Our KKR Director and directors who are also our employees
receive no additional compensation for their service as directors. Mr. Vivas
has also declined additional consideration for his service on our Board of
Directors. During 2021, Mr. Oberwager served as the KKR Director and Messrs.
Foroughi and Chen were employees and executive officers of the company and
therefore, each of them did not receive compensation as directors. See
“Executive Compensation” for additional information regarding the
compensation of Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Chen. Ms. Sun became an employee of the
company in June 2021 and resigned as a member of the board in November 2021;
compensation to Ms. Sun as an employee is included in the All Other
Compensation column of the table below.
                                                                            
               Fees                                                         
               Paid                                      All                
                 or    Sto…          Opt…                Oth…          To…  
  Na…          Ear…    Awa…          Awa…                Com…          ($)  
                 in    ($)…          ($)…                ($)                
               Cash                                                         
                ($)                                                         
  Cr…    78,…                   —    612…                —       691…       
  Bi…                                                                       
  Ma…          52,…             —    1,0…                —       1,0…       
  Ge…                                                                       
                                           8,8…          —       8,8…       
  Al…                                                                       
  Ha…          7,6…          337…             —          —             34…  
  Da…                                                                       
  Ed…             —             —             —          —               —  
  Ob…                                                                       
  As…          19,…          337…             —          —       357…       
  Sh…                                                                       
  Ed…             —             —             —          —               —  
  Vi…                                                                       
  Ca…             —             —             —    21,…          21,…       
  Su…                                                                       
                                                                            
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received by the
director, and there can be no assurance that these amounts will ever be
realized by the non-employee directors. Instead, the amount shown is the
grant date fair value of the awards granted in fiscal 2021 computed in
accordance with ASC Topic 718 — Compensation — Stock Compensation (“ASC
Topic 718”), disregarding forfeiture assumptions. Information regarding the
assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options is set forth in
Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K. The grant date fair value of the RSU awards was
calculated based on the closing price per share of our Class A common stock
on the grant date.

2. To encourage director shareholdings, Mr. Billings was offered the
opportunity to purchase additional shares of Company stock. He opted to
purchase 12,950 shares which were issued by the Company as a fully vested
option grant on January 15, 2021 under the 2011 Plan, which Mr. Billings
fully exercised. The underlying shares were issued upon receipt of the full
exercise price in cash from Mr. Billings.

3. On January 23, 2021, in connection with her appointment to our Board,
Margaret Georgiadis received options to purchase 21,000 shares of our Class
A common stock under our 2011 Plan. Subject to Ms. Georgiadis’ continued
role as a service provider to the Company, 1/12th of the shares subject to
the option will vest on May 1, 2021, with 1/12th of the shares subject to
the option vesting every three months thereafter; provided that 100% of any
unvested shares covered by the option will vest immediately prior to the
closing of an Acquisition or Other Combination (each as defined in our 2011
Plan).

4. To encourage director shareholdings, Ms. Georgiadis was offered the
opportunity to purchase additional shares of Company stock. She opted to
purchase 185,000 shares which were issued by the Company as a fully vested
option grant on January 23, 2021 under the 2011 Plan, which Ms. Georgiadis
fully exercised. The underlying shares were issued upon receipt of the full
exercise price in cash from Ms. Georgiadis.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    23    AppLovin  
                                          
5. Ms. Harvey Dawson joined our board of directors in November 2021, and
therefore her fees and equity awards were prorated for the portion of 2021
in which she served as a director, as reflected in the amount set forth in
the table above.

6. Ms. Sharma joined our board of directors in August 2021, and therefore
her fees and equity awards were prorated for the portion of 2021 in which
she served as a director, as reflected in the amount set forth in the table
above.

7. Ms. Sun became an employee of the company in June 2021 and did not
receive any compensation for her service as a director. In 2021, Ms. Sun
received salary of $233,333, an RSU award with a grant date fair value of
$21,446,250, a 401(k) match of $4,437, and a work-from-home cash stipend of
$1,050 for her service as an employee.

8. The following table lists all outstanding equity awards held by non-
employee directors as of December 31, 2021:
                                                                            
                                     Number of Shares    Number of          
                    Date of          Underlying Stock    Securities         
  Name              Grant            Award               Underlying         
                                     (#)                 Options            
                                                         (#)                
  Craig Billings    12/30/2020(1)    —                   21,000(2)          
  Margaret          1/23/2021(1)     15,750(3)           —                  
  Georgiadis                                                                
  Alyssa            11/8/2021(4)     3,105(5)            —                  
  Harvey Dawson                                                             
  Asha Sharma       8/10/2021(4)     4,917(6)            —                  
                                                                            
1. These awards were granted pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan.

2. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately
exercisable. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr. Billings
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/12th of the total shares
on March 1, 2021 with 1/12th of the total shares vesting each quarter
thereafter, provided that 100% of any unvested shares covered by the option
will vest immediately prior to the closing of an Acquisition or Other
Combination (each as defined in our 2011 Plan).

3. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The vesting conditions are
satisfied, subject to Ms. Georgiadis’s continued role as a service provider
to us, as to 1/12th of the total shares on April 21, 2021 with 1/12th of the
total shares vesting monthly thereafter.

4. These awards were granted pursuant to our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan.

5. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Harvey Dawson’s
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/12th of the total shares
on November 20, 2021 with 1/12th of the total shares vesting quarterly
thereafter.

6. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Sharma’s continued
role as a service provider to us, as to 1/12th of the total shares on August
20, 2021 with 1/12th of the total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.
                                          
  AppLovin    24    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 1                                                            
                                                                            
Election of Directors

Our board of directors is currently composed of eight members. Each of the
currently serving eight directors have been nominated by our board of
directors for election at the Annual Meeting, each to serve a one-year term
until the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are
elected and qualified.
                                                                            
  Nominees                                                                  
                                                                            
Our nominating and corporate governance committee has recommended, and our
board of directors has approved, Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen, Craig Billings,
Margaret Georgiadis, Alyssa Harvey Dawson, Edward Oberwager, Asha Sharma,
and Eduardo Vivas as nominees for election as directors at the Annual
Meeting. If elected, each of the nominees will serve as directors until the
2023 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. For information concerning the nominees, please see
“Board of Directors and Corporate Governance.”

If you are a stockholder of record and you sign your proxy card or vote by
telephone or over the Internet but do not give instructions with respect to
the voting of directors, your shares will be voted “FOR” the election of
Messrs. Foroughi, Chen, Billings, Oberwager, and Vivas, and Mses.
Georgiadis, Harvey Dawson, and Sharma. If you are a street name stockholder
and you do not give voting instructions to your broker or nominee, your
broker will leave your shares unvoted on this matter.
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
Each director is elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present
virtually or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the
election of directors at the Annual Meeting. “Plurality” means that the
eight nominees who receive the largest number of votes cast “For” such
nominees are elected as directors. As a result, any shares not voted “For” a
particular nominee (whether as a result of a withhold vote or a broker non-
vote) will not be counted in such nominee’s favor and will have no effect on
the outcome of the election.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” EACH OF THE NOMINEES NAMED
ABOVE.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    25    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 2                                                            
                                                                            
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Our audit committee has appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte”), an
independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our consolidated
financial statements for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Deloitte
has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since 2014.

At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders are being asked to ratify the
appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm
for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Our audit committee is
submitting the appointment of Deloitte to our stockholders because we value
our stockholders’ views on our independent registered public accounting firm
and as a matter of good corporate governance. Notwithstanding the
appointment of Deloitte, and even if our stockholders ratify the
appointment, our audit committee, in its discretion, may appoint another
independent registered public accounting firm at any time during our fiscal
year if our audit committee believes that such a change would be in the best
interests of our company and our stockholders. If our stockholders do not
ratify the appointment of Deloitte, our board of directors may reconsider
the appointment. Representatives of Deloitte will be present at the Annual
Meeting, have an opportunity to make a statement, and be available to
respond to appropriate questions from our stockholders.

Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The following table presents fees for professional audit services and other
services rendered to our company by Deloitte for our fiscal years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020.
                                                       
  $ in thousands                  2021           2020  
  Audit Fees(1)            3,516          2,491        
  Audit-Related Fees(2)      200              —        
  Tax Fees(3)              1,856          1,271        
  All Other Fees(4)          467          1,140        
  Total Fees               6,039          4,902        
                                                       
1. Audit fees include fees related to the audits of our annual consolidated
financial statements and the reviews of our interim financial statements,
services rendered in connection with the filing of our registration
statements, and also includes fees related to statutory audit services for
certain of our foreign subsidiaries.

2. Audit-related fees include fees related to assurance and related services
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and are not included in the fees reported in the table
above under “Audit Fees.” For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 this
primarily consists of fees for services provided in connection with
preparation for compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. No audit-related fees were incurred during fiscal 2020.

3. Tax fees include fees related to services for U.S. federal, state, local,
international, and other tax compliance, planning, advisory, and
consultation services.

4. All Other Fees include services other than the services reported above,
including permissible advisory and consulting services in connection with
merger and acquisitions and other.
                                          
  AppLovin    26    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  Auditor Independence                                                      
                                                                            
In our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, there were no other professional
services provided by Deloitte, other than those listed above, that would
have required our audit committee to consider their compatibility with
maintaining the independence of Deloitte.

Audit Committee Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit
Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Our audit committee has established a policy governing our use of the
services of our independent registered public accounting firm. Under this
policy, our audit committee is required to pre-approve all audit services
and permissible non-audit services performed by our independent registered
public accounting firm in order to ensure that the provision of such
services does not impair the public accountants’ independence. Following the
adoption of our pre-approval policy in April 2021, all services provided by
Deloitte for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which includes all
fees for audit services, were pre-approved by our audit committee in
accordance with the policy. All services provided by Deloitte for our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2020 were approved by our board of directors.
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent
registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31,
2022 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the
shares of our common stock present virtually or by proxy at the Annual
Meeting and entitled to vote thereon. Abstentions will have the effect of a
vote against this proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE RATIFICATION OF THE
APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    27    AppLovin  
                                          
Audit Committee Report

The audit committee is a committee of the board of directors comprised
solely of independent directors as required by Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements and SEC rules and regulations. The composition of the audit
committee, the attributes of its members and the responsibilities of the
audit committee, as reflected in its charter, are intended to be in
accordance with applicable requirements for corporate audit committees. With
respect to AppLovin’s financial reporting process, AppLovin’s management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls and preparing
AppLovin’s financial statements. AppLovin’s independent registered public
accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte”), is responsible for
performing an independent audit of AppLovin’s financial statements. It is
the responsibility of the audit committee to oversee these activities. It is
not the responsibility of the audit committee to prepare AppLovin’s
financial statements. These are the fundamental responsibilities of
management. In the performance of its oversight function, the audit
committee has:

• reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management;

• discussed with Deloitte the matters required to be discussed by the
applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(“PCAOB”) and the SEC; and

• received the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte required by
applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant’s
communications with the audit committee concerning independence, and has
discussed with Deloitte its independence.

Based on the audit committee’s review and discussions with management and
Deloitte, the audit committee recommended to the board of directors that the
audited financial statements be included in the company’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 for filing with the
SEC.

Respectfully submitted by the members of the audit committee of the board of
directors:
                                                                            
  Craig Billings (Chair)                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Edward                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Oberwager                                                                 
                                                                            
(1)

This report of the audit committee is required by the SEC and, in accordance
with the SEC’s rules, will not be deemed to be part of or incorporated by
reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this proxy
statement into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by
reference, and will not otherwise be deemed “soliciting material” or “filed”
under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

1. Mr. Oberwager served as a member of the Audit Committee until March 2022.
                                          
  AppLovin    28    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 3                                                            
                                                                            
Advisory Vote on the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers

In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) and SEC rules, we are providing our
stockholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on an advisory or non-
binding basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed
pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act. This proposal, commonly known
as a “Say-on-Pay” proposal, gives our stockholders the opportunity to
express their views on our named executive officers’ compensation as a
whole. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of
compensation or any specific named executive officer, but rather the overall
compensation of all of our named executive officers and the philosophy,
policies and practices described in this proxy statement.

The Say-on-Pay vote is advisory, and therefore is not binding on us, our
compensation committee, or our board of directors. The Say-on-Pay vote will,
however, provide information to us regarding investor sentiment about our
executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices, which our
compensation committee will be able to consider when determining executive
compensation for the remainder of the current fiscal year and beyond. Our
board of directors and our compensation committee value the opinions of our
stockholders. We encourage our stockholders to read the disclosures set
forth below in the Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement to
review the correlation between compensation and performance, as well as the
compensation actions taken in fiscal 2021.

We believe that the information provided in the section titled “Executive
Compensation,” and in particular the information discussed in the section
titled “Executive Compensation—Compensation Philosophy,” demonstrates that
our executive compensation program was designed appropriately and is working
to ensure management’s interests are aligned with our stockholders’
interests to support long-term value creation. Accordingly, we ask our
stockholders to vote “For” the following resolution at the Annual Meeting:

“RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the
compensation paid to our named executive officers, as disclosed in the proxy
statement for the Annual Meeting pursuant to the compensation disclosure
rules of the SEC, including the compensation discussion and analysis,
compensation tables and narrative discussion and other related disclosure.”
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
The approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named
executive officers, requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
voting power of the shares of our common stock present virtually or by proxy
at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to be approved.
Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this proposal, and broker
non-votes will have no effect.

As an advisory vote, the result of this proposal is non-binding. Although
the vote is non-binding, our board of directors and our compensation
committee value the opinions of our stockholders and will consider the
outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for our named
executive officers.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY
BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    29    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 4                                                            
                                                                            
Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future Stockholder Advisory Votes on the
Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers

The Dodd-Frank Act and Section 14A of the Exchange Act enable our
stockholders to indicate their preference at least once every six years
regarding how frequently we should solicit a non-binding advisory vote on
the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in our proxy
statement. Accordingly, we are asking our stockholders to indicate whether
they would prefer an advisory vote every year, two years or three years.
Alternatively, stockholders may abstain from casting a vote.

After considering the benefits and consequences of each alternative, our
board of directors recommends that the advisory vote on the compensation of
our named executive officers be submitted to the stockholders every year. In
formulating its recommendation, our board of directors considered that
compensation decisions are made annually and that an annual advisory vote on
the compensation of our named executive officers will allow stockholders to
provide more frequent and direct input on our compensation philosophy,
policies and practices.
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
The alternative among one year, two years or three years that receives the
highest number of votes cast at the Annual Meeting by stockholders entitled
to vote thereon will be deemed to be the frequency preferred by our
stockholders. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on this
proposal.

While our board of directors believes that its recommendation is appropriate
at this time, the stockholders are not voting to approve or disapprove that
recommendation, but are instead asked to indicate their preference, on an
advisory basis, as to whether non-binding future stockholder advisory votes
on the compensation of our named executive officers should be held every
year, two years, or three years.

As an advisory vote, the result of this proposal is non-binding. Although
the vote is non-binding, our board of directors and our compensation
committee value the opinions of our stockholders in this matter and, to the
extent there is any significant vote in favor of one time period over
another, will consider the outcome of this vote when making future decisions
regarding the frequency of holding future stockholder advisory votes on the
compensation of our named executive officers.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE TO HOLD FUTURE STOCKHOLDER ADVISORY
VOTES ON THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS EVERY “ONE YEAR.”
                                          
  AppLovin    30    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 5                                                            
                                                                            
Amendment to Our 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan
                                                                            
   Background and Reasons for the Proposal                                  
                                                                            
Our 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan (our “2021 Partner Plan”) permits us
to grant equity awards to individuals and entities that are engaged by us or
our subsidiaries (our “Partners”). Equity awards are a significant component
of total compensation for our Partners, and are vital to our ability to
attract and retain the best available Partners, to provide additional
incentive to our Partners, and to promote the success of our business.
Additional information regarding our 2021 Partner Plan may be found below in
the section entitled “Summary of Amended 2021 Partner Studio Incentive
Plan.“

Our board of directors determined it was advisable and in the best interests
of our stockholders to increase the number of shares of our Class A common
stock authorized for issuance under the 2021 Partner Plan to 2,390,000 from
390,000 (the “Share Reserve Increase”). If we did not increase the number of
shares of our Class A common stock authorized for issuance under the 2021
Partner Plan, we would need to grant cash and other non-equity rewards to
our Partners. We believe that such alternative forms of compensation do not
align the interests of our Partners with those of stockholders as
efficiently as equity-based awards, and we feel it is important to provide
compensation that continues to effectively align partner studios with
stockholders and which provides a total compensation package that is
competitive. We strongly believe that the Share Reserve Increase is
instrumental to our continued success.

Our board of directors considered the potential dilutive effects of the
Share Reserve Increase, and determined, in order to ensure that the Share
Reserve Increase did not result in incremental dilution, that it was
advisable and in the best interests of our stockholders to decrease the
number of shares of our Class A common stock authorized for issuance under
our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (our “2021 Plan”) by 2,000,000 (the “Share
Reserve Decrease”). As such, approval of the proposed amendment to our 2021
Partner Plan is neutral to the total shares currently authorized under our
2021 Plan and 2021 Partner Plan, collectively. The Share Reserve Decrease
does not modify the rollover and evergreen provisions of our 2021 Plan.
                                                                            
  Reasons for Seeking Stockholder Approval                                  
                                                                            
Because our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select
Market (“Nasdaq”), we are subject to Nasdaq rules and regulations. Nasdaq
Rule 5635(c) requires stockholder approval when a company establishes or
materially amends an equity compensation plan pursuant to which stock may be
acquired by officers, directors, employees or consultants. Accordingly,
following approval by our Board, we are seeking stockholder approval of the
Share Reserve Increase.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    31    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
The approval of the proposed amendment to our 2021 Partner Plan to increase
the number of shares of our Class A common stock authorized for issuance
under our 2021 Plan by 2,000,000 requires the affirmative vote of a majority
of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present virtually or
represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon.
Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this proposal, and broker
non-votes will have no effect.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO OUR
2021 PARTNER STUDIO INCENTIVE PLAN.
                                          
  AppLovin    32    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Executive Officers

The following table identifies certain information about our executive
officers as of March 31, 2022. Our executive officers are appointed by, and
serve at the discretion of, our board of directors. There are no family
relationships among any of our directors or executive officers.
                                                                            
  Name                     Age    Position                                  
  Adam                      41    Chief Executive                           
  Foroughi                        Officer and Chairperson                   
  Herald Chen               52    President, Chief Financial Officer, and   
                                  Director                                  
  Katie                     43    Chief                                     
  Jansen                          Marketing Officer                         
  Vasily (Basil) Shikin     37    Chief Technology Officer                  
  Victoria Valenzuela       48    Chief Legal Officer and Corporate         
                                  Secretary                                 
                                                                            
For Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Chen’s biographies, see “Nominees for Director.”
                                                                            
  Katie Jansen.                                                             
                                                                            
Ms. Jansen has served as our Chief Marketing Officer since October 2012.
Prior to joining us, she served as Vice President of Marketing, Marketing
Director at PlayFirst, Inc., a publisher of casual games, from October 2009
to March 2012. She holds a B.S. in Psychology from California Polytechnic
State University, San Luis Obispo and an M.B.A. from San Francisco State
University.
                                                                            
  Vasily (Basil) Shikin.                                                    
                                                                            
Mr. Shikin has served as our Chief Technology Officer since January 2020 and
prior to that served as our Vice President of Engineering since January
2012. Prior to joining us, from May 2008 to January 2012, he served as
Senior Software Engineer at DeviceAnywhere, Inc., a cloud-based platform for
testing and monitoring mobile websites and applications acquired by Keynote
Systems, Inc. Mr. Shikin holds a Masters in Mathematics from Saint-
Petersburg State University.
                                                                            
  Victoria Valenzuela.                                                      
                                                                            
Ms. Valenzuela has served as our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
since May 2020. Ms. Valenzuela joined us through our acquisition of Machine
Zone, Inc. where she served as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
from January 2015 to April 2020. From May 2004 to December 2014, she served
as General Counsel, Vice President, Legal Affairs, and Corporate Secretary
of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, a semiconductor company acquired by
Infineon Technologies AG. Prior to Cypress Semiconductor, she was a
corporate and technology attorney with Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, LLP and
Clifford Chance LLP. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from California
State University, Fullerton and a J.D. from Stanford University Law School.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    33    AppLovin  
                                          
Executive Compensation
                                                                            
   Compensation Discussion and Analysis                                     
                                                                            
This Compensation Discussion and Analysis includes a discussion of
compensation for the following current executive officers during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021, which we refer to as our named executive
officers:

• Adam Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of our board of
directors;

• Herald Chen, our President, Chief Financial Officer and Director;

• Katie Jansen, our Chief Marketing Officer;

• Basil Shikin, our Chief Technology Officer; and

• Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary.
                                                                            
  Executive Summary                                                         
                                                                            
Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of
mobile app developers by providing advanced tools for mobile app developers
to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and
monetization of their apps through our software solutions. Through our
technology platform, investments, and strong execution of our mission, we
have been able to grow our revenue from $994 million in 2019 to $2.8 billion
in 2021, a compound annual growth rate of 68%, while also generating a
significant amount of cash flow. Our executive compensation program is
heavily weighted in the form of equity compensation which vests over time.
The program is designed to attract, retain and incentivize our leadership
team who are critical to continuing to execute on our mission, as well as
driving shareholder value . As such, we believe that our approach to
executive compensation is aligned with that of our stockholders. During
2021, we were transitioning from being a private company to a public company
and our compensation decision-making process during 2021 reflects that
transition.
                                                                            
  Compensation Philosophy                                                   
                                                                            
The overall objective of our executive compensation program is to attract,
retain and incentivize highly talented individuals that embody our mission.
We do this by designing programs that tie executive compensation to
individual performance, overall company performance and the interests of our
stockholders.

Our executive compensation is designed with a mix of short-term and long-
term components, with cash and equity elements in proportions that we
believe provide appropriate incentives to retain our executives officers and
management team and help to achieve success in our business.

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract
and retain highly skilled personnel. Our executive compensation program
seeks to achieve this objective by ensuring that we can:

• Attract top talent that will allow us to execute on our current plans and
scale our growing business;

• Reward talented executives, who possess proven experience, knowledge,
skills, and leadership criteria;

• Incentivize our executive officers by giving them a stake in our growth
and prosperity and encouraging the continuance of their services with us;
and
                                          
  AppLovin    34    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
• Align the interests of stockholders and named executive officers without
creating an incentive for inappropriate risk-taking.
                                                                            
  Executive Compensation Policies and Practices                             
                                                                            
We endeavor to maintain compensation policies and practices that are
consistent with sound governance standards. We believe it is important to
provide competitive compensation packages and a high-quality work
environment in order to hire, retain and incentivize critical personnel. We
seek to ensure that our executive compensation program is consistent with
our short-term and long-term goals given the nature of the market in which
we compete for key personnel. We believe our executive compensation plan
being heavily weighted to equity-based compensation, rather than cash
salaries and cash bonuses, provides attractive and competitive compensation
to our executives as well as aligns them with our stockholders. The
following policies and practices were in effect during 2021:
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  No Special Benefits.                                                      
                                                                            
The members of our executive team are eligible to participate in broad-based
company-sponsored retirement, health and welfare benefits programs on the
same basis as our other full-time, salaried employees, and we provide no
special benefits to them.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  No “Golden Parachute” Tax Reimbursements.                                 
                                                                            
We do not provide any tax reimbursement payments (including “gross-ups”) on
any tax liability that our executive officers might owe as a result of the
application of Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the “Code”).
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Hedging and Pledging Restrictions.                                        
                                                                            
Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our employees, including our executive
officers and the members of our board of directors, from hedging any company
securities and from pledging more than 10% of any company securities as
collateral for a loan.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Peer Data Reviewed.                                                       
                                                                            
Our Compensation Committee works with an independent compensation consultant
to complete an annual assessment of the Company’s executive compensation
programs relative to peer companies. Our Compensation Committee considers
this information along with the Company’s long and short term goals to
determine if any changes are needed to the Company’s executive compensation.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Non-Management Compensation Committee.                                    
                                                                            
Our Compensation Committee, who is responsible for the design and review our
Company’s executive compensation program, is comprised entirely of non-
management directors. Further, our Compensation Committee has access to and
regularly works with Aon’s Human Capital Solutions practice, a division of
Aon plc (otherwise known as Radford), an independent compensation
consultant.
                                                                            
  Our Compensation-Setting Process                                          
                                                                            
For 2021, our board of directors and compensation committee reviewed our
executive compensation program and related policies and practices. In
determining the compensation of the members of our executive team, including
our named executive officers, for 2021, we considered the compensation
arrangements, including base salary, target bonus and equity incentives of
our executive officers, as well as our overall strategic business plan and
our retention needs. In 2021, factors we considered in making our executive
compensation decisions included, but were not limited to, input from Mr.
Foroughi (except with respect to his own compensation), past individual
performance and expected future performance, vesting status and value of
existing equity incentives, and internal pay equity based on the impact of
business and performance. In 2021, to assess the competitiveness of our
executive compensation program, we engaged an independent compensation
consultant and reviewed the compensation of each of our executives against
market data as well as the compensation programs at similar companies. The
review was done prior to our initial public offering and at the end of the
calendar year.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    35    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Use of Independent Compensation Consultant                                
                                                                            
The compensation committee has authority to appoint and retain a
compensation consultant. The fees for services rendered by the compensation
consultant are paid by the Company. For 2021, our compensation committee
engaged Radford as its independent compensation consultant to advise on
executive compensation matters including: overall compensation program
design, peer group development and updates, and collecting market data to
inform our compensation programs for our executives and members of our board
of directors. We develop our compensation programs after reviewing publicly
available compensation data. Radford advised the compensation committee on
all of the principal aspects of executive compensation. Radford consultants
attend meetings of the compensation committee when requested to do so.
Radford reports directly to our compensation committee and not to
management, although it meets with management for purposes of gathering
information for its analyses and recommendations. Our compensation committee
has assessed the independence of Radford consistent with Nasdaq listing
standards and has concluded that the engagement of Radford does not raise
any conflict of interest.
                                                                            
  Use of a Peer Group                                                       
                                                                            
The compensation committee approves a peer group of companies as a reference
group to provide a broad perspective on competitive pay levels and
practices. The peers are reviewed on an annual basis in light of the fast-
moving changes at AppLovin and our industry. We undertake this review with
the assistance and recommendations of Radford, the Committee’s compensation
consultant.

In October 2020, the compensation committee approved a peer group for use in
making 2021 compensation decisions. The compensation committee used the
following criteria in determining the appropriate peers:
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Industry / Sector –                                                       
                                                                            
Publicly-traded technology companies, with a focus on digital media
platforms and secondary focus on internet and software;
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Revenue –                                                                 
                                                                            
between $800 million to $5 billion; and
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Market Capitalization –                                                   
                                                                            
between $6 billion and $60 billion.
                                                                            
  2021 Peer Group                                                           
                                                                            
Based on these criteria and considerations, our peer group for 2021,
referred to as our 2021 peer group, as approved by our Compensation
Committee consisted of the following companies:
                                        
  Activision      Square                
  Blizzard                              
  Electronic      Take-Two              
  Arts            Interactive Software  
  GoDaddy         The Trade Desk        
  Match           Twilio                
  Group                                 
  Pinterest       Twitter               
  Roku            Unity Software        
  Shopify         Wix.com               
  Slack           Zendesk               
  Technologies                          
  Snap            Zynga                 
                                        
                                          
  AppLovin    36    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Given the growth and expansion of the business, in August 2021, the
Committee reviewed the peer criteria and revised it to the following:
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Industry / Sector –                                                       
                                                                            
Publicly-traded technology companies, with a focus on digital media
platforms and secondary focus on internet and software;
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Revenue –                                                                 
                                                                            
between $1 billion to $5 billion; and
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Market Capitalization –                                                   
                                                                            
between $10 billion and $90 billion.

Based on the revised criteria, the Committee approved the following amended
peer group companies:
                                            
  Akamai                Palo Alto Networks  
  Technologies                              
  ANSYS                 Proofpoint          
  Crowdstrike           RingCentral         
  Docusign              Splunk              
  Dolby Laboratories    Synopsys            
  Dropbox               VeriSign            
  Fair Issac            Warner Music Group  
  Fortinet              Workday             
  GoodRx                Zillow Group        
  Okta                                      
                                            
The compensation committee considers competitive compensation data from an
annual total compensation study of selected peer companies and relevant
survey sources to inform its decisions about overall compensation
opportunities and specific compensation elements. However, the Committee
uses our compensation peer group as one data point when considering
executive pay packages. In addition, our compensation decisions are based on
the consideration of many factors, including, but not limited to, individual
and company performance, market data, internal equity, experience, and
strategic needs.
                                                                            
  Elements of Executive Pay and 2021 Compensation                           
                                                                            
Following our initial public offering, our executive compensation program
for 2021 consisted of the following principal compensation elements:

• base salary; and

• long-term incentive compensation in the form of equity incentives.

We are committed to providing appropriate cash and equity incentives to
compensate our named executive officers in a manner that our board of
directors determines is reasonable and appropriate to hire, incentivize, and
retain key talent.
                                                                            
  Base Salary                                                               
                                                                            
Base salary is a customary, fixed element of compensation intended to
attract and retain our named executive officers and compensate them for
their day-to-day efforts. Base salaries are reviewed periodically, including
at the time of a
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    37    AppLovin  
                                          
promotion or other change in responsibilities. We believe equity
compensation is a more important motivator to our senior executives and
therefore the base salaries are generally consistent and capped at $400,000.

The following table sets forth the 2021 base salary for each of our named
executive officers:
                                           
  Name                   2021 Base Salary  
                                      ($)  
  Adam Foroughi                100,000(1)  
  Herald                          400,000  
  Chen                                     
  Katie                           400,000  
  Jansen                                   
  Basil                           400,000  
  Shikin                                   
  Victoria Valenzuela             400,000  
                                           
1. At the time of the IPO and at Mr. Foroughi’s request, the Company reduced
his base salary to $100,000.
                                                                            
  Equity Compensation                                                       
                                                                            
In 2021, we used awards of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to deliver long-
term incentive compensation opportunities to certain of our named executive
officers. Consistent with our compensation objectives, we believe this
approach helps to ensure that the interests of the members of the executive
team are aligned with those of our stockholders and that we are able to
attract and reward our top talent. The vesting terms of RSUs granted to our
named executive officers in 2021 are described in “Grants of Plan-Based
Awards in 2021”. Generally, we intend to grant annual equity awards that are
sized to be competitive, transparent and reflect the performance,
contribution, and criticality of roles in our company.
                                    
  Name                   2021 RSUs  
  Katie Jansen             187,500  
  Basil                    625,000  
  Shikin                            
  Victoria Valenzuela      125,000  
                                    
Based on discussions with our CEO, Adam Foroughi, and our President and CFO,
Herald Chen, they did not receive equity awards in 2021 given the magnitude
of their respective equity holdings at that time which were determined to be
sufficient to ensure their motivation and alignment with stockholders.
                                                                            
  Benefits                                                                  
                                                                            
Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in the same
benefits programs offered to all employees. We maintain a tax-qualified
401(k) retirement plan that provides eligible U.S. employees with an
opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis, subject to
limitations established by the tax laws. The company matches 100% of the
first 1% of employee contributions and up to 50% on the next 5% of employee
contributions, up to a maximum of 3.5% of the employee’s annual income. Our
company match is fully vested as of each contribution date. The 401(k) plan
is intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(a) with the 401(k) plan’s
related trust intended to be tax exempt under Code Section 501(a). As a tax-
qualified retirement plan, contributions to the 401(k) plan and earnings on
those contributions are not taxable to the employees until distributed from
the 401(k) plan. Our named executive officers are permitted to participate
in the same health and welfare plans as other U.S. employees, including
medical, dental, and vision plans, as well as our employee stock purchase
plan.
                                          
  AppLovin    38    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  Other Compensation Information                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Accounting Considerations                                                 
                                                                            
We take financial reporting implications into consideration in designing
compensation plans and arrangements for the members of our executive team,
other employees and members of our board of directors. These accounting
considerations include Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 718, or ASC Topic 718, the standard which
governs the accounting treatment of stock-based compensation awards.
                                                                            
  Tax Considerations                                                        
                                                                            
We do not provide any of our named executive officers with a gross-up or
other reimbursement for tax amounts the individual might pay pursuant to
Code Sections 280G, 4999 or 409A. Code Sections 280G and 4999 provide that
named executive officers, directors who hold significant stockholder
interests and certain other service providers could be subject to
significant additional taxes if they receive payments or benefits in
connection with a change in control of our company that exceeds certain
limits, and that we or our successor could lose a deduction on the amounts
subject to the additional tax. Code Section 409A also imposes significant
taxes on the individual in the event that an executive officer, director or
other service provider receives “deferred compensation” that does not meet
the requirements of Code Section 409A.

Under Code Section 162(m), we are subject to limits on the deductibility of
executive compensation. Deductible compensation is limited to $1 million per
year for the CEO and certain of our current and former highly compensated
executive officers (collectively “covered employees”). While we cannot
predict how the deductibility limit may impact our compensation program in
future years, we intend to maintain an approach to executive compensation
that strongly links pay to performance. In addition, although we have not
adopted a formal policy regarding tax deductibility of compensation paid to
our named executive officers, the board of directors may consider tax
deductibility under Code Section 162(m) as a factor in its compensation
decisions.
                                                                            
  Hedging and Pledging Policies                                             
                                                                            
We have established an Insider Trading Policy, which, among other things,
prohibits short sales, engaging in transactions in publicly-traded options
(such as puts and calls) and other derivative securities relating to our
common stock. This prohibition extends to any hedging or similar transaction
designed to decrease the risks associated with holding our securities. In
addition, our named executive officers are prohibited from holding any of
our securities in a margin account and from pledging more than 10% of the
outstanding Class A common stock (or Class B common stock convertible into
Class A common stock) held by such individual as collateral for a loan.
                                                                            
  Employment Arrangements                                                   
                                                                            
We have entered into employment letters with each of our executive officers.
Each of these arrangements was approved by the compensation committee or our
board of directors.

In filling each of our executive positions, our board of directors or the
compensation committee, as applicable, recognized that we would need to
develop competitive compensation packages to attract qualified candidates in
a dynamic labor market. At the same time, our board of directors and the
compensation committee were sensitive to the need to integrate new executive
officers into the executive compensation structure, balancing both
competitive and internal equity considerations.

Each of our employment arrangements provides for “at will” employment
(meaning that either we or the executive officer may terminate the
employment relationship at any time with or without cause) and sets forth
the initial compensation arrangements for the executive officer, including
an initial base salary, participation in our employee benefit programs, an
equity award recommendation, and, in some cases, sign-on bonuses and
reimbursement or
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    39    AppLovin  
                                          
payment of relocation expenses. These employment arrangements also prohibit
the executive officer from engaging directly or indirectly in competition
with us during their employment, diverting our customers to a competitor, or
disclosing our confidential information or business practices, and
recruiting or soliciting any of our employees for a period after their
employment.

Our named executive officers are also eligible to enter into change in
control and severance agreements with the company. These post-employment
compensation terms are discussed in “Post-Employment Compensation” below.
                                                                            
  Post-Employment Compensation                                              
                                                                            
We have entered into change in control and severance agreements with each of
our executive officers, including each of our named executive officers.
These agreements provide these individuals with certain protection in the
event of their termination of employment under specified circumstances,
including following a change in control of the company.

We believe that these protections were necessary to induce these individuals
to accept a demanding position with the company and help retain them. These
arrangements provide reasonable compensation to an executive officer if they
leave our employ under certain circumstances to facilitate transition to new
employment. Further, in some instances, we seek to mitigate any potential
employer liability and avoid future disputes or litigation by requiring a
departing executive officer to sign a separation and release agreement as a
condition to receiving post-employment compensation payments or benefits. We
also believe that these arrangements help maintain our executive officers’
continued focus and dedication to their assigned duties to maximize
stockholder value if there is a potential transaction that could involve a
change in control of the company. The terms and conditions were approved by
our board of directors after an analysis of competitive market data provided
by our independent compensation consultant.
                                                                            
  Compensation Committee Report                                             
                                                                            
The compensation committee has reviewed and discussed with management the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis provided above. Based on such review
and discussions, the compensation committee recommended to the board of
directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this
proxy statement and the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021.

Respectfully submitted by the members of the compensation committee of the
board of directors:
                                                                            
  Edward Oberwager (Chair)                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Craig Billings                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Compensation Risk Assessment                                              
                                                                            
We have undertaken a risk review of our employee compensation plans and
arrangements in which our employees (including our executive officers)
participate, to determine whether these plans and arrangements have any
features that might create undue risks or encourage unnecessary and
excessive risk-taking that could threaten stockholder value. In our review,
we considered numerous factors and design elements that manage and mitigate
risk, and based on our review, we concluded that any potential risks arising
from our employee compensation programs, including our executive programs,
are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
                                          
  AppLovin    40    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2021                           
                                                                            
The amounts below represent the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid
to our named executive officers for the years shown.
                                                                            
                                                   …        …               
                   …        …    O…       …        …        …           T…  
      Y…           …        …    A…       …        …        …           (…  
                                 (…       …        …        …               
                                                   …                        
      2…           …        —        —    …            —       4…       1…  
          …        —        —        —        —       9…       4…           
          …        —        —        —        —       9…       4…           
      2…           …        —        —    …            —       1…       4…  
          …        —        —        —        —       7…       4…           
          …        —        …        —        —       3…       9…           
      2…           …        —        —       1…        —       1…       1…  
          …        —        …        —       1…       9…       6…           
      2…           …        —        —       3…        —       1…       3…  
          …        —        —        —        —       9…       4…           
          …        —        …        —       1…       9…       2…           
      2…           …    9…           —       7…        —       1…    …      
      2…       6…       2…       —        —        …           2…           
                                                                            
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received, and there
can be no assurance that these amounts will ever be realized. Instead, the
amount shown is the grant date fair value of the awards computed in
accordance with ASC Topic 718 — Compensation — Stock Compensation (“ASC
Topic 718”), disregarding forfeiture assumptions. Information regarding the
assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options is set forth in
Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K. For RSUs, the grant date fair value of the RSU awards
was calculated based on the closing price of our Class A common stock on the
grant date, May 4, 2021, of $58.55 per share.

2. The amounts reported represent the amounts earned based upon achievement
of certain performance goals under our executive bonus program.

3. For 2021, all other compensation for each named executive officer
reflects (i) an $1,800 work-from-home cash stipend paid to all employees and
(ii) amounts paid in connection with 401(k) matching by us.

4. Based on discussions with Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Chen, neither received
equity awards in 2021 given the magnitude of their respective equity
holdings at that time which were determined to be sufficient to ensure their
motivation and alignment with stockholders.

5. Ms. Valenzuela joined the Company through our acquisition of Machine
Zone, Inc.. In connection with that transaction, she was offered a one-time
$1.0 million cash retention bonus that would be earned with continuous
employment through May 2021. In 2021, prior to such retention bonus being
earned, Ms. Valenzuela asked that the amount of her potential Retention
Bonus be reduced to $900,000, with $ 100,000 to be allocated among members
of the legal team, and the Company agreed to such request.

6. The amount of Ms. Valenzuela’s bonus for 2020 was granted in connection
with her employment in May 2020 and reflects the pro-rated amount of
$100,000 for the period of her employment by us in 2020. In connection with
Ms. Valenzuela’s employment, we entered into an agreement for her to
participate in our executive bonus program. For 2020, we guaranteed the
payment of her bonus on a pro-rated basis absent our experiencing unexpected
and significantly diminished financial performance.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    41    AppLovin  
                                          
Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table
                                                                            
  Executive Employment Agreements                                           
                                                                            
We have entered into employment letters setting forth the terms and
conditions of employment for each of our named executive officers and Mr.
Chen as described below.
                                                                            
  Adam Foroughi                                                             
                                                                            
We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Mr.
Foroughi. The letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides
that Mr. Foroughi is an at-will employee. In 2021, Mr. Foroughi’s annual
base salary was $100,000.
                                                                            
  Herald Chen                                                               
                                                                            
We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Mr.
Chen. The letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides that
Mr. Chen is an at-will employee. In 2021, Mr. Chen’s annual base salary was
$400,000.

In connection with our IPO in 2021, our board of directors waived the
forfeiture provisions of 153,541 shares of restricted stock held by Mr.
Chen. This waiver was implemented in order to facilitate the repayment of a
loan that our board of directors determined was necessary to extinguish
prior to the effective date of our registration statement filed in
connection with our initial public offering.
                                                                            
  Katie Jansen                                                              
                                                                            
We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Ms.
Jansen. The letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides that
Ms. Jansen is an at-will employee. In 2021, Ms. Jansen’s annual base salary
was $400,000.
                                                                            
  Basil Shikin                                                              
                                                                            
We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Mr.
Shikin. The letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides that
Mr. Shikin is an at-will employee. In 2021, Mr. Shikin’s annual base salary
was $400,000.
                                                                            
  Victoria Valenzuela                                                       
                                                                            
We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Ms.
Valenzuela. The letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides
that Ms. Valenzuela is an at-will employee. In 2021, Ms. Valenzuela’s annual
base salary was $400,000.

Ms. Valenzuela joined the Company in connection with our acquisition of
Machine Zone, Inc. As part of that transaction and to ensure her retention
following the closing of such transaction, Ms. Valenzuela was offered a one-
time $1.0 million cash retention bonus that is earned once she has been
employed with us for one year. In 2021 and prior to such cash retention
bonus being earned, Ms. Valenzuela elected to forego her rights to $100,000
of this bonus, which was distributed instead to certain members of our legal
team.

In connection with our IPO in 2021, our board of directors waived the
forfeiture provisions of 60,968 shares of restricted stock held by Ms.
Valenzuela. This waiver was implemented in order to facilitate the repayment
of a loan that our board of directors determined was necessary to extinguish
prior to the effective date of our registration statement filed in
connection with our initial public offering.
                                          
  AppLovin    42    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2021                                       
                                                                            
The following table shows the plan-based awards granted to our named
executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2021.
                                                                            
                                             All                            
                                           Other    Grant Date              
  Name            Grant Date(1)    Stock Awards:    Fair Value              
                                       Number of    ($)(2)                  
                                          Shares                            
                                             (#)                            
  Adam            —                            —                         —  
  Foroughi                                                                  
  Herald          —                            —                         —  
  Chen                                                                      
  Katie           5/4/2021               187,500                10,978,125  
  Jansen                                                                    
  Basil           5/4/2021               625,000                36,593,750  
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victoria        5/4/2021               125,000                 7,318,750  
  Valenzuela                                                                
                                                                            
1. Each of these equity awards are RSUs granted pursuant to our 2021 Equity
Incentive Plan.

2. Amounts reported represent the grant date fair value of RSUs calculated
in accordance with ASC Topic 718. The grant date fair value of the RSU
awards was calculated based on the closing price per share of our Class A
common stock on May 4, 2021 of $58.55.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    43    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Outstanding Equity Awards at 2021 Year-End                                
                                                                            
The following table sets forth information relating to outstanding equity
awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2021.
                                                                            
  Name    Grant    Opti…                                     Stock          
          Date     Awar…                                     Awar…          
                                                     Mar…                   
                                     Numb…           val…                   
                                     of              of                     
  Num…    Numb…                      shar…           sha…                   
  of      of       Opti…             or              or                     
  Sha…    Shar…    Exer…    Opti…    units           uni…                   
  Und…    Unde…    Price    Expi…    of              of                     
  Une…    Unex…    ($)(…     Date    stock           sto…                   
  Opt…    Opti…                      that            that                   
  Exe…    Unex…                      have            have                   
                                     not             not                    
                                     vest…           ves…                   
                                                     ($)…                   
  Adam    —        —            —               —    —       —           —  
  For…                                                                      
  Her…    11/5…    2,30…        —            5.05    11/…    —           —  
  Chen                                                                      
  Kat…    11/1…    75,0…        —           19.52    11/…    —           —  
  Jan…                                                                      
          5/4/…    —            —               —    —       187,…    17,…  
          11/1…    —            —               —    —       34,3…    3,2…  
          1/22…    —            —               —    —       81,2…    7,6…  
          1/12…    —            —               —    —       5,00…    471…  
  Bas…    12/1…    260,…    300,…            5.05    12/…    —           —  
  Shi…                                                                      
          5/4/…    —            —               —    —       625,…    58,…  
          1/22…    —            —               —    —       81,2…    7,6…  
          1/12…    —            —               —    —       3,75…    353…  
  Vic…    5/19…    187,…        —            7.45    5/1…    —           —  
  Val…                                                                      
          5/4/…    —            —               —    —       125,…    11,…  
          5/19…    —            —               —    —       265,…    25,…  
                                                                            
1. This column represents the option exercise price per share of our Class A
common stock on the grant date, as determined by our board of directors.

2. The closing price of our Class A common stock on December 31, 2021 was
$94.26.

3. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately
exercisable. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr. Chen’s
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares
on November 4, 2020 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly
thereafter.

4. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately
exercisable. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject to Ms.
Jansen’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on November 13, 2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.

5. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting conditions are
satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service provider to
us, as to 2/5ths of the total shares on November 20, 2022 with 1/20th of the
total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.

6. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 150,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on November 13, 2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.

7. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 300,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on January 1, 2020 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.

8. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 240,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on January 1, 2019 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.
                                          
  AppLovin    44    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
9. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject to Mr. Shikin’s
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares
on December 1, 2019 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly
thereafter.

10. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting conditions are
satisfied, subject to Mr. Shikin’s continued role as a service provider to
us, as to 2/5ths of the total shares on November 20, 2022 with 1/20th of the
total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.

11. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 300,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Mr. Shikin’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on January 1, 2020 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.

12. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 180,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Mr. Shikin’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on January 1, 2019 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.

13. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately
exercisable. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject to Ms.
Valenzuela’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on May 19, 2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly
thereafter.

14. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting conditions are
satisfied, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s continued role as a service provider
to us, as to 2/5ths of the total shares on November 20, 2022 with 1/20th of
the total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.

15. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 750,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Ms. Valenzuela’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of
the total shares on May 19, 2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    45    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2021                                 
                                                                            
The following table shows the stock awards vested, and value realized upon
vesting, by our named executive officers during fiscal 2021.
                                                                            
  Name         Option                                 Stock                 
               Awards                                Awards                 
  Number        Value                 Number          Value                 
  of         Realized                 of           Realized                 
  Shares           on                 Shares             on                 
  Acquir…    Exercis…                 Acquired    Vesting(…                 
  on                $                 on                  $                 
  Exerci…                             Vesting                               
  Adam              —            —                        —    —            
  Foroug…                                                                   
  Herald       99,999    8,535,382                1,119,801       59,982,…  
  Chen                                                                      
  Katie             —            —                  175,625       11,303,…  
  Jansen                                                                    
  Basil        39,600    3,364,020                  120,000       6,769,4…  
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victor…           —            —                  386,874       21,694,…  
  Valenz…                                                                   
                                                                            
1. Based on the market price of our Class A common stock on the date of
exercise less the option exercise price paid for the shares, multiplied by
the number of shares for which the option was exercised.

2. Based on the market price of our Class A common stock on the vesting
date, multiplied by the number of shares vested. Stock awards vesting in
each case represent early-exercised options as the repurchase right lapses.
                                          
  AppLovin    46    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Potential Payments on Termination or Change in Control
                                                                            
  Change in Control and Severance Agreements                                
                                                                            
In March 2021, our board of directors adopted an Executive Change in Control
and Severance Plan (the “Executive Severance Plan”) pursuant to which our
executive officers and certain other key employees are eligible to receive
severance benefits, as specified in and subject to the employee signing a
participation agreement under our Executive Severance Plan. This Executive
Severance Plan was developed with input from Radford (Aon plc), regarding
severance practices at comparable companies. It will be designed to attract,
retain, and reward senior level employees. The Executive Severance Plan
generally will be in lieu of any other severance payments and benefits to
which such key employee was entitled prior to signing the participation
agreement, except as specifically provided under that employee’s
participation agreement under the Executive Severance Plan.

Our board of directors has designated each of our executive officers as a
participant under our Executive Severance Plan eligible for the rights to
the applicable payments and benefits described below.

In the event of a “termination” of the employment of a named executive
officer by us for a reason other than “cause” or the named executive
officer’s death or “disability” (as such terms are defined in our Executive
Severance Plan), that occurs outside the change in control period (as
described below), the named executive officer will be entitled to the
following payments and benefits:

• a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named executive officer’s
annual base salary, or 18 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi; and

• reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of reimbursement, equal
to the premium cost of continued health coverage under the Consolidated
Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 as amended (“COBRA”) for a period of 12
months, or 18 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi.

In the event of a “termination” of the employment by us for a reason other
than “cause” or the named executive officer’s death or “disability” or by
the named executive officer for “good reason” (as such terms are defined in
our Executive Severance Plan), in either case, occurring within a period
beginning 3 months prior to and ending 12 months following a “change in
control” (as defined in our Executive Severance Plan) (such period, the
change in control period), the named executive officer will be entitled to
the following payments and benefits:

• a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named executive officer’s
annual base salary, or 24 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi;

• reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of reimbursement, equal
to the premium cost of continued health coverage under COBRA for a period of
18 months, 24 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi; and

• 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards, and, with
respect to equity awards with performance-based vesting, all performance
goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at 100% of target
levels for the relevant performance period(s).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Mr. Chen, if his employment is
involuntarily terminated without “cause“ or he resigns for “good reason”
within the twelve months following a “change of control” (as such terms are
defined in his participation agreement), then he will automatically vest in
100% of the option award granted to him on November 5, 2019. In the case of
Ms. Valenzuela, if her employment had terminated by the company without
“cause” or she resigned for “good reason” (as such terms are defined in her
participation agreement) on or prior to May 19,
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    47    AppLovin  
                                          
2021, in addition to the benefits described above: (A) if such termination
occurred within the change in control period, then she would receive a lump
sum payment of her Retention Bonus (less applicable withholding taxes); and
(B) if such termination occurred outside of the change in control period,
then she would receive the benefit described in the preceding clause (A) and
she would fully vest in her stock option covering 90,000 shares granted on
May 19, 2020.

In addition, in the case of Mr. Chen, upon an “acquisition” (as such term is
defined in his participation agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of his
stock option granted to him on November 5, 2019 (the “Original Option”) will
become vested.

The receipt of the payments and benefits provided for under the Executive
Severance Plan described above is conditioned on the named executive officer
signing and not revoking a separation and release of claims agreement and
such release becoming effective and irrevocable no later than the 60th day
following the named executive officer’s involuntary termination of
employment, as well as compliance with certain non-disparagement provisions
and continued compliance with any confidentiality, proprietary information,
and inventions agreement applicable to the named executive officer.

In addition, if any of the payments or benefits provided for under the
Executive Severance Plan or otherwise payable to a named executive officer
would constitute “parachute payments” within the meaning of Section 280G of
the Code and could be subject to the related excise tax, the named executive
officer will receive either full payment of such payments and benefits or
such lesser amount that would result in no portion of the payments and
benefits being subject to the excise tax, whichever results in the greater
amount of after-tax benefits to them. Except as discussed above, the
Executive Severance Plan does not require us to provide any tax gross-up
payments to the named executive officers.

The following tables sets forth the potential payments that would have been
provided to each of our named executive officers under each of the
circumstances specified below if he or she had terminated employment with us
effective December 31, 2021.

Amount of Payments Upon Termination at 2021 Year-End

The following tables sets forth the potential payments that would have been
provided to each of our named executive officers under each of the
circumstances specified below if he or she had terminated employment with us
effective December 31, 2021.
                                                                            
             Termina…                                                       
              Outside                                                       
                   of                                                       
               Change                                                       
                   in                                                       
              Control                                                       
               Period                                                       
                  ($)                                                       
                                               Acceler…                     
               Annual                          of                           
  Name           Base       COBRA              Vesting               Total  
             Salary(…    Premium…              of                           
                                               Equity                       
                                               Awards                       
  Adam        150,000      45,976              —            195,976         
  Foroug…                                                                   
  Herald      400,000      30,651    102,591…              103,022…         
  Chen(3)                                                                   
  Katie       400,000      30,651              —            430,651         
  Jansen                                                                    
  Basil       400,000      23,813              —            423,813         
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victor…     400,000      30,651              —            430,651         
  Valenz…                                                                   
                                                                            
1. Based on a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named executive
officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi
                                          
  AppLovin    48    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
2. Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health coverage under
COBRA for a period of 12 months, or 18 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi.
Amounts in the table are based on estimated premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for the 12 or 18 months beginning January 2022.

3. Upon an “acquisition” (as such term is defined in his participation
agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of the Original Option will become
vested.
                                                                            
               Terminati…                                                   
                   within                                                   
                Change in                                                   
                  Control                                                   
               Period ($)                                                   
                                           Accelerat…                       
                   Annual         COBRA    of Vesting                       
  Name               Base    Premiums(…            of                Total  
                Salary(1)                      Equity                       
                                            Awards(3)                       
  Adam            200,000        61,302             —       261,302         
  Foroughi                                                                  
  Herald          600,000        45,976    205,183,0…    205,829,0…         
  Chen(4)                                                                   
  Katie           600,000        45,976    23,279,250    23,925,226         
  Jansen                                                                    
  Basil           600,000        35,720    85,675,500    86,311,220         
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victoria        600,000        45,976    28,058,750    28,704,726         
  Valenzue…                                                                 
                                                                            
1. Based on a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named executive
officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi.

2. Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health coverage under
COBRA for a period of 18 months, 24 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi.
Amounts in the table are based on estimated premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for the 18 or 24 months beginning January 2022.

3. Based on 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards, and,
with respect to equity awards with performance-based vesting, all
performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at 100%
of target levels for the relevant performance period(s).

4. If Mr. Chen’s employment is involuntarily terminated without “cause“ or
he resigns for “good reason” within the twelve months following a “change of
control” (as such terms are defined in his participation agreement), then he
will automatically vest in 100% of the option award granted to him on
November 5, 2019. In addition, upon an “acquisition” (as such term is
defined in his participation agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of the
Original Option will become vested.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    49    AppLovin  
                                          
Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table summarizes our equity compensation plan information as
of December 31, 2021. Information is included for equity compensation plans
approved by our stockholders. We do not have any equity compensation plans
not approved by our stockholders.
                                                                            
                                                           Number of        
                                                           Securities       
                          Number of                        Remaining        
                         Securities    Weighted-Average    Available for    
                       to be Issued    Exercise Price      Future Issuance  
  Plan                         Upon    of                  Under Equity     
  Category              Exercise of    Outstanding         Compensation     
                        Outstanding    Options,            Plans            
                           Options,    Warrants, and       (Excluding       
                      Warrants, and    Rights              Securities       
                             Rights                        Reflected in     
                                                           the First        
                                                           Column)          
  Equity                                                                    
  compensation                                                              
  plans approved         22,842,109    6.61(2)             44,937,361(3)    
  by                                                                        
  security                                                                  
  holders(1)                                                                
                                                                            
1. Includes the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan
(“2021 Plan”), the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) and the 2021
Partner Studio Incentive Plan (“2021 Partner Plan”). The 2011 Plan was
terminated effective April 2021.

2. RSUs, which do not have an exercise price, are excluded in the
calculation of weighted-average exercise price.

3. As of December 31, 2021, an aggregate of 44,937,361 shares of Class A
common stock were available for issuance under the 2021 Plan, the 2021
Partner Plan, and the ESPP. The 2021 Plan provides that on the first day of
each year beginning on January 1, 2022, the number of shares of Class A
common stock available for issuance thereunder is automatically increased by
a number equal to the least of (i) 39,000,000 shares, (ii) 5% of the
outstanding shares of all classes of our common stock as of the last day of
our immediately preceding fiscal year or (iii) such other amount as our
board of directors may determine. The ESPP provides that on the first day of
each year beginning January 1, 2022, the number of shares of Class A common
stock available for issuance thereunder is automatically increased by a
number equal to the least of (i) 7,800,000 shares, (ii) 1% of the
outstanding shares of all classes of our common stock as of the last day of
our immediately preceding fiscal year or (iii) such other amount as our
board of directors may determine. On January 1, 2022, the number of shares
of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and the
ESPP increased by 18,754,468 shares and 3,750,894 shares, respectively,
pursuant to these provisions. On February 14, 2022, the number of shares of
Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan decreased by
2,000,000 shares in connection with the Share Reserve Decrease and the board
of directors approved the increase to the number of shares of Class A common
stock available for issuance under the 2021 Partner Plan, which Share
Reserve Increase is being presented for stockholder approval as Proposal No.
5. These changes are not reflected in the table above.
                                          
  AppLovin    50    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2022 for:

• each of our named executive officers;

• each of our directors;

• all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and

• each person or group known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5% of our Class A or Class B common stock.

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the
SEC, and thus it represents sole or shared voting or investment power with
respect to our securities. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our
knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and
sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially
owned, subject to community property laws where applicable.

We have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership on
297,516,973 shares of our Class A common stock, 78,662,622 shares of our
Class B common stock, and no shares of our Class C common stock outstanding
as of March 31, 2022. We have deemed shares of our common stock subject to
stock options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
of March 31, 2022 or issuable pursuant to RSUs which are subject to vesting
and settlement conditions expected to occur within 60 days of March 31,
2022, to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding
the stock option or RSU for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of that person. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however,
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in
the table below is c/o AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto,
California 94304. The information provided in the table below is based on
our records, information filed with the SEC and information provided to us,
except where otherwise noted.
                                                                            
                   Amount and                                      Percent  
                    nature of                                     of total  
                   beneficial                                 voting power  
                    ownership                                          (%)  
                      Class A              Class B                          
                       shares               shares                          
  Name of                                                                   
  beneficial               -#    %              -#       %                  
  owner                                                                     
  Named                                                                     
  executive                                                                 
  officers                                                                  
  and                                                                       
  directors:                                                                
  Adam                      —    —      27,936,907    35.5            29.9  
  Foroughi(1)                                                               
  Herald               50,000    *       4,646,459     5.7             4.8  
  Chen(2)                                                                   
  Katie             1,224,086    *               —       —               *  
  Jansen(3)                                                                 
  Basil             2,387,434    *               —       —               *  
  Shikin(4)                                                                 
                                                                            
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    51    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
                 Amount and                                        Percent  
                  nature of                                       of total  
                 beneficial                                         voting  
                  ownership                                      power (%)  
                    Class A                 Class B                         
                     shares                  shares                         
  Name of                                                                   
  beneficial             -#       %              -#       %                 
  owner                                                                     
  Victoria          715,255       *               —       —              *  
  Valenzuel…                                                                
  Craig              34,152       *               —       —              *  
  Billings(…                                                                
  Margaret          209,600       *               —       —              *  
  Georgiadi…                                                                
  Alyssa                                                                    
  Harvey                847       *               —       —              *  
  Dawson(8)                                                                 
  Edward                  —       —               —       —             --  
  Oberwager                                                                 
  Eduardo        10,882,701     3.7               —       —              *  
  Vivas                                                                     
  Asha                1,967       *               —       —              *  
  Sharma(9)                                                                 
  All                                                                       
  current                                                                   
  directors,                                                                
  named                                                                     
  executive                                                                 
  officers       15,506,042     5.2      32,583,366    40.2           34.8  
  and                                                                       
  executive                                                                 
  officers                                                                  
  as a                                                                      
  group (11                                                                 
  persons)(…                                                                
  Shares                                                                    
  subject to     60,785,000    20.4      81,023,022     100           87.7  
  the Voting                                                                
  Agreement…                                                                
  Greater                                                                   
  than                                                                      
  5%                                                                        
  stockhold…                                                                
  KKR Denali                                                                
  Holdings       60,735,000    20.4      38,905,489    49.5           44.8  
  L.P.(12)                                                                  
  Hontai App                                                                
  Fund           26,167,242     8.8               —       —            1.4  
  Limited                                                                   
  Partnersh…                                                                
  John           23,269,526     7.8               —       —            1.2  
  Krystynak…                                                                
  Andrew         21,216,235     7.1               —       —            1.1  
  Karam(15)                                                                 
  The                                                                       
  Vanguard       15,530,682     5.2               —       —              *  
  Group(16)                                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  *     Represents beneficial ownership or voting power                     
        of less than 1%.                                                    
        Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali                              
        (collectively, with certain affiliates, the Voting Agreement        
        Parties), have entered into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to       
        which two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which   
  1.    must be Mr. Foroughi) have the authority to direct                  
        the vote of all shares of Class B common stock held by the Voting   
        Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities and       
        permitted transferees on all matters to be voted upon by            
        stockholders.                                                       
        Consists of (i) 50,000 shares of Class A common                     
        stock held by The Chen Family 2012 Irrevocable Trust, Herald Y. &   
        Mei K. Chen as Trustees (The Chen Family Trust), for which Mr.      
        Chen and his spouse serve as trustees, (ii) 1,956,059 shares of     
        Class B common stock held by Mr. Chen, (iii)                        
        330,000 shares of Class B common stock held by The Chen Family      
        Trust, (iv) 60,399 shares of Class A common stock held by Mr. Chen  
        (which may be exchanged at any time for shares of Class B common    
        stock, and are reported in the table above as                       
  2.    such, pursuant to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement), and (v)     
        2,300,001 shares of Class B common stock subject to stock options   
        held by Mr. Chen that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31,   
        2022 (after giving effect to the Equity Award                       
        Exchange Agreement). The Voting Agreement Parties have entered      
        into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to which two of the three       
        Voting Agreement Parties (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi) have   
        the authority to direct the vote and vote the                       
        shares of all Class B common stock held by the Voting Agreement     
        Parties and their respective permitted entities and permitted       
        transferees on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders.        
        Consists of (i) 1,143,000 shares of Class A                         
        common stock held by Ms. Jansen, (ii) 6,086 shares of Class A       
  3.    common stock held by The Jansen Family Trust, for which Ms. Jansen  
        serves as trustee, and (iii) 75,000 shares of Class A common stock  
        subject to stock options held by Ms. Jansen                         
        that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2022.              
        Consists of (i) 2,064,535 shares of Class A                         
  4.    common stock held by Mr. Shikin and (ii) 322,899 shares of Class A  
        common stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Shikin that are   
        exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2022.                       
                                                                            
                                          
  AppLovin    52    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
         Consists of (i) 527,755 shares of Class A common                   
  5.     stock held by Ms. Valenzuela and (ii) 187,500 shares of Class A    
         common stock subject to stock options held by Ms. Valenzuela that  
         are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2022.                  
         Consists of (i) 7,400 shares of Class A common                     
         stock held by The CSB 2012 Living Trust, for which Mr. Billings    
         serves as trustee, (ii) 5,550 shares of Class A common stock held  
  6.     by The CMB 2016 Trust, for which Mr. Billings’ spouse serves as    
         trustee, (iii) 202 shares of Class A common                        
         stock held by Mr. Billings’ spouse, and (iv) 21,000 shares of      
         Class A common stock subject to stock options held by Mr.          
         Billings that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2022.    
         Consists of (i) 24,600 shares of Class A common                    
  7.     stock held by Ms. Georgiadis and (ii) 185,000 shares of Class A    
         common stock held by Blue Sage Partners, LLC, for which Ms.        
         Georgiadis and her spouse share voting and dispositive power.      
         Consists of (i) 282 shares of Class A common                       
  8.     stock held by Ms. Harvey Dawson and (ii) 282 shares of Class A     
         common stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of   
         March 31, 2022.                                                    
         Consists of (i) 984 shares of Class A common                       
  9.     stock held by Ms. Sharma and (ii) 492 shares of Class A common     
         stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March    
         31, 2022.                                                          
         Consists of (i) 14,898,095.249 shares of Class A                   
         common stock held by our executive officers and directors, (ii)    
         32,583,366 shares of Class B common stock held by our executive    
         officers and directors (iii) 606,399 shares of Class A common      
         stock subject to stock options held by our executive               
         officers and directors that are exercisable within 60 days of      
  10.    March 31, 2022, (iv) (a) 60,399 shares of Class A common stock     
         and (b) 2,300,001 shares of Class A common stock subject to stock  
         options held by Mr. Chen that are exercisable                      
         within 60 days of March 31, 2022 (which may be exchanged for       
         shares of Class B common stock, and are reported in the table      
         above as such, pursuant to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement),   
         and (v) 774 shares of Class A common stock subject to              
         RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2022.           
         Consists of (i) 50,000 shares of Class A common                    
         stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties, (ii) 69,128,455        
         shares of Class B common stock held by the Voting Agreement        
         Parties, and (iii) (a) 60,399 shares of Class A common stock and   
  11.    (b) 2,300,001 shares of Class A common stock subject to            
         stock options held by Mr. Chen that are exercisable within 60      
         days of March 31, 2022 (which may be exchanged for shares of       
         Class B common stock, and are reported in the table above as       
         such, pursuant to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement).            
         Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the                      
         SEC on February 10, 2022, consists of 99,640,489 shares of common  
         stock, based on (i) 60,735,000 shares of Class A common stock and  
         (ii) 38,905,489 shares of Class B common stock directly owned by   
         KKR Denali. Each of KKR Denali Holdings GP                         
         LLC (as the general partner of KKR Denali); KKR Americas Fund XII  
         L.P. (as the managing member of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC); KKR   
         Associates Americas XII L.P. (as the general partner of KKR        
         Americas Fund XII L.P.); KKR Americas XII Limited                  
         (as general partner of KKR Associates Americas XII L.P.); KKR      
         Group Partnership L.P. (as sole member of KKR Americas XII         
         Limited); KKR Group Holdings Corp. (as the general partner of KKR  
         Group Partnership L.P.); KKR & Co. Inc. (as the                    
         sole shareholder of KKR Group Holdings Corp.); KKR Management LLP  
         (as the Series I preferred stockholder of KKR & Co. Inc.); and     
  12.    Messrs. Henry R. Kravis and George R. Roberts (as the founding     
         partners of KKR Management LLP) may also be                        
         deemed to be the beneficial owners having shared voting power and  
         shared investment power over the securities described in this      
         footnote. The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into the       
         Voting Agreement, pursuant to which two of Mr.                     
         Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr.       
         Foroughi) have the authority to direct the vote and vote the       
         shares of all Class B common stock held by the Voting Agreement    
         Parties and their respective permitted entities and                
         permitted transferees on all matters to be voted upon by           
         stockholders. The principal business address of each of the        
         entities and persons identified in this footnote, except Mr.       
         Roberts, is c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., 30             
         Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. The principal business     
         address for Mr. Roberts is c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.       
         L.P., 2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200, Menlo Park, CA 94025.        
         Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the                      
         SEC on February 14, 2022, reporting shared voting power and        
         shared dispositive power with respect to 26,167,242 shares of      
         Class A common stock by Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership,       
  13.    Hontai Capital Cayman Inc., and Yunjoy Capital Cayman Inc.         
         The address for each of Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership,       
         Hontai Capital Cayman Inc., and Yunjoy Capital Cayman Inc. is c/o  
         Maricorp Serviced Ltd., PO Box 2075, #31 The Strand, 46 Canal      
         Point Drive, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands.                         
         Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the                      
  14.    SEC on February 14, 2022, reporting sole voting power and sole     
         dispositive power with respect to 23,269,526 shares of Class A     
         common stock.                                                      
         Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the                      
  15.    SEC on February 14, 2022, reporting sole voting power and sole     
         dispositive power with respect to 21,269,345 shares of Class A     
         common stock.                                                      
         Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the                      
         SEC on February 9, 2022, reporting shared voting power with        
         respect to 4,450 shares of Class A common stock, sole dispositive  
  16.    power with respect to 15,516,343 shares of Class A common stock    
         and shared dispositive power with respect to 14,339                
         shares of Class A common stock. The address for The Vanguard       
         Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355.                     
                                                                            
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    53    AppLovin  
                                          
Certain Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions

We describe below transactions and series of similar transactions, since the
beginning of our last fiscal year, to which we were a party or will be a
party, in which:

• the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000; and

• any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers or
beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our outstanding capital
stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household
with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest.
                                                                            
  Investors’ Rights Agreement                                               
                                                                            
We are party to an Investor Rights Agreement, pursuant to which certain
holders of our capital stock, including KKR Denali, Adam Foroughi and an
entity affiliated with Mr. Foroughi, have the right to demand that we file a
registration statement or request that their shares of our capital stock be
covered by a registration statement that we are otherwise filing. Mr.
Oberwager, a member of our board of directors, is affiliated with KKR. Mr.
Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of
directors, and Ms. Sun, a former member of our board of directors, were
previously affiliated with KKR. Mr. Chen is a limited partner in KKR Denali.
Adam Foroughi, our CEO, Co-founder and Chairperson of our board, and an
entity affiliated with him are parties to our Investors’ Rights Agreement.
                                                                            
  Director Nominations Agreement                                            
                                                                            
We have entered into a Director Nominations Agreement with KKR Denali. The
Director Nominations Agreement grants KKR Denali the right to nominate to
our board of directors one designee as long as KKR Denali and its affiliates
collectively beneficially own at least 25% of the shares of the Class B
common stock that KKR Denali held immediately prior to our initial public
offering. In addition, in the event a vacancy on the board of directors is
created by the death, disability, retirement or resignation of a KKR Denali
director designee, KKR Denali shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
have the right to have the vacancy filled by a new KKR Denali director
designee. Edward Oberwager currently serves as the KKR Denali director
designee.

Further, for so long as KKR Denali and its affiliates hold at least 5% of
the outstanding shares of our common stock, one of the independent director
candidates selected by the nominating and corporate governance committee for
nomination to our board of directors shall be subject to the approval of KKR
Denali prior to the nomination of such candidate for election by our
stockholders.
                                                                            
  Credit Facility                                                           
                                                                            
In August 2018, we entered into a credit agreement, which provided for term
loans in an aggregate principal amount of $820.0 million and a revolving
credit facility of $50.0 million. The credit agreement was amended to
increase the principal amount of the term loan by an aggregate amount of
$400.0 million on April 23, 2019 and amended again on April 27, 2020, May 6,
2020 and October 27, 2020. The credit agreement was further amended on
February 12, 2021 to increase the senior secured term loan facility by
$300.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an
additional $10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of revolving
commitments, increasing the total
                                          
  AppLovin    54    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
revolving commitments to $600.0 million, and to reduce the interest rate on
the incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest
rate as all other term loans. In October 2021, we further amended the credit
agreement whereby certain additional lenders agreed to provide incremental
loans in an aggregate amount of $1.5 billion.

KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR, acted as joint lead arranger
and joint bookrunner for the credit agreement. In 2021, we paid $2.3 million
in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC in connection with the credit agreement
and $5.0 million in connection with the December 2021 secondary offering of
our Class A common stock. KKR Corporate Lending (CA) LLC, an affiliate of
KKR, has provided revolving credit commitments in the amount of $15.0
million under our revolving credit facility.
                                                                            
  Promissory Notes                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Former Promissory Notes with Executive Officers                           
                                                                            
The following table sets forth a summary of promissory notes that we have
entered into with certain of our executive officers, in consideration of our
advancing amounts to allow them to early exercise their stock options. On
August 7, 2020, we amended the promissory notes with Herald Chen, Katie
Jansen, and Basil Shikin to lower the interest rate on the outstanding
balance of such notes to the then applicable IRS annual mid-term rate of
0.41%. These promissory notes previously had an interest rate of 2.59%
(except with respect to our promissory note with Mr. Chen, which had an
interest rate of 1.59%). Each of Messrs. Chen and Shikin and Mses. Jansen
and Valenzuela repaid their notes in February 2021.
                                                                          
  Borrower               Date          Principal Amount    Interest Rate  
                                                    ($)              (%)  
  Herald Chen            11/22/2019          12,120,000             0.41  
  Katie                  3/8/2019               503,000             0.41  
  Jansen                                                                  
                         3/8/2019               673,600             0.41  
                         11/23/2020           1,464,000             0.39  
  Basil                  3/8/2019               505,200             0.41  
  Shikin                                                                  
                         3/8/2019               503,000             0.41  
  Victoria Valenzuela    7/6/2020             4,863,343             0.45  
                                                                          
                                                                            
  Promissory Note with Related Party                                        
                                                                            
Additionally, on March 8, 2019, we entered into a promissory note with
Rafael Vivas, the brother of Eduardo Vivas, a member of our board of
directors, for the same purpose as the promissory notes described above,
which was also amended on August 7, 2020 to lower the interest rate on the
outstanding balance of such note to the then applicable IRS annual mid-term
rate of 0.41%. This note previously had an interest rate of 2.59%. The note
has a principal amount of $2,273,400 and remains outstanding.

Promissory Notes as Payment for Repurchases of Class A Common Stock

The following table sets forth a summary of promissory notes that we have
entered into with certain of our directors and executive officers as payment
for our repurchase of Class A common stock from the applicable directors and
executive officers pursuant to certain stock repurchase agreements.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    55    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
                                  Principal       Interest       Number of  
  Seller         Date                Amount           Rate     Repurchased  
                                        ($)            (%)         Class A  
                                                              Common Stock  
  Eduardo        12/19/2019       1,212,000              2         300,000  
  Vivas                                                                     
  Adam           12/20/2019       9,999,000              2       2,475,000  
  Foroughi                                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Initial Public Offering Matters                                           
                                                                            
At our request, the underwriters in connection with our initial public
offering reserved up to 5% of the shares offered for sale at the initial
public offering price through a directed share program available to
directors, officers, certain employees, and their friends and family
members, as well as certain of our partners and clients. Ms. Georgiadis
purchased 3,600 shares and the spouse of Mr. Billings purchased 202 shares
through the directed share program.

In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into exchange
agreements with the Voting Agreement Parties, pursuant to which immediately
following the effectiveness of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, which occurred immediately prior to the completion of our
initial public offering, all outstanding shares of our Class A common stock
beneficially owned by the Voting Agreement Parties (after giving effect to
the conversion of our capital stock into Class A common stock in connection
with such offering) and certain related entities were automatically
exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of our Class B common stock. In
addition, pursuant to an Equity Award Exchange Agreement entered into
between us and Herald Chen, Mr. Chen has a right (but not an obligation), to
require us to exchange any shares of Class A common stock received upon the
exercise of options to purchase shares of Class A common stock for an
equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. This Equity Award
Exchange Agreement applies only to equity awards granted to Mr. Chen prior
to the effectiveness of the filing of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation in connection with our initial public offering. The Equity
Award Exchange Agreement covers options to purchase 2,300,001 shares of
Class A common stock and 60,399 shares of Class A common stock held pursuant
to an exercise of stock options.
                                                                            
  Other Transactions                                                        
                                                                            
In February 2021, we repurchased 153,541 and 60,968 shares from Mr. Chen and
Ms. Valenzuela for aggregate purchase prices of $12.3 million and $4.9
million, respectively.

Cookie Monster Capital, LLC (“Cookie Monster”) is a mobile game developer
owned by Eduardo Vivas, a member of our board of directors. We published an
App developed by Cookie Monster under a game assignment and revenue share
agreement entered in October 2020. In 2021, we made payments to Cookie
Monster in the amount of $700,000.

KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR, acted as an underwriter in
connection with our initial public offering in April 2021 and received
approximately $5.9 million in underwriting discounts and commissions in
connection with such role. In addition, we engaged KKR Capital Markets LLC
as an independent financial advisor as defined under FINRA Rule 5110(j)(9)
in connection with the secondary offering of shares of our Class A common
stock in December 2021, for which KKR Capital Markets LLC received $5.0
million in compensation.
                                          
  AppLovin    56    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
   Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions                  
                                                                            
Our audit committee has the primary responsibility for reviewing and
approving or disapproving “related party transactions,” which are
transactions between the Company and related persons in which the aggregate
amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed $120,000 and in which a
related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Our
policy regarding transactions between us and related persons provides that a
related person is defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for
director or greater than 5% beneficial owner of any class of our voting
securities, in each case since the beginning of the most recently completed
year, and any of their immediate family members. Our audit committee charter
provides that our audit committee shall review and approve all related party
transactions.

Under this policy, our audit committee will review the material facts of all
related party transactions and either approve, ratify or disapprove of the
entry into the transaction. In determining whether to approve or ratify any
such proposal, our audit committee will take into account, among other
factors it deems appropriate, whether the transaction would affect the
independence of any director, any conflict of interest with any of our
executive officers, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable
than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party, and the
extent of the related person’s interest in the transaction. The policy
grants standing pre-approval of certain transactions, including (i)
executive compensation governed by our standard compensation and benefits
policies, (ii) director compensation arrangements governed by our standard
director compensation policies, (iii) transactions with another company at
which a related person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than an
executive officer), director, or beneficial owner of less than 10% equity
interest of that company, (iv) charitable contributions, grants, or
endowments by us to a charitable organization, foundation, or university
where the related person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than
an executive officer), or director, if the aggregate amount involved does
not exceed the lesser of $1,000,000 or 2% of the charitable organization’s
total annual receipts, (v) any transaction available to all U.S. employees
generally, (vi) transactions where a related person’s interest arises solely
from the ownership of our common stock and all holders of our common stock
received the same benefit on a pro rata basis, and (vii) other transactions
where disclosure of such transaction would not be required pursuant to Item
404 of Regulation S-K. In addition to our policy, our audit committee
charter provides that our audit committee shall review and oversee any
related person transactions.
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    57    AppLovin  
                                          
Other Matters
                                                                            
  Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports                                          
                                                                            
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our executive officers and
directors, and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock, file
reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the SEC. Such directors,
executive officers and 10% stockholders are required by SEC regulation to
furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

SEC regulations require us to identify in this proxy statement anyone who
filed a required report late during the most recent fiscal year. Based
solely on our review of copies of such forms that we have received, or
written representations from reporting persons, we believe that during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, all executive officers, directors and
greater than 10% stockholders complied with all applicable SEC filing
requirements, except that one Form 4 report was filed late for Ms. Sun and
Mr. Karam, in each case with respect to one transaction, and one Form 4
report was filed late for Mr. Shikin with respect to one transaction due to
an administrative error.
                                                                            
  Fiscal Year 2021 Annual Report and SEC Filings                            
                                                                            
Our financial statements for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 are
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we will make available to
stockholders at the same time as this proxy statement. This proxy statement
and our annual report are posted on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com and are available from the SEC on its website at
www.sec.gov . You may also obtain a copy of our annual report without charge
by sending a written request to AppLovin Corporation, Attention: Corporate
Secretary, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.

Summary of Amended 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan
                                                                            
  Description of the 2021 Partner Plan                                      
                                                                            
Our board of directors adopted and our stockholders approved our 2021
Partner Plan. Our 2021 Partner Plan became effective on April 13, 2021. Our
2021 Partner Plan provides for the grant of nonstatutory stock options,
restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), performance
units, and performance shares to individuals or entities engaged by us or a
parent or subsidiary of ours to render bona fide services to the party
engaging such individual or entity. As of April 1, 2022, approximately 0
individuals and 7 entities who provide services to us as Partners were
considered eligible under the 2021 Partner Plan.

Below is a high level summary of the terms of the 2021 Partner Plan. This
summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of
the 2021 Partner Plan, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this
proxy statement.
                                          
  AppLovin    58    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  Authorized Shares                                                         
                                                                            
There are currently 390,000 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for
issuance under our 2021 Partner Plan. If our stockholders approve this
proposal, an additional 2,000,000 shares of Class A common stock will become
reserved for issuance pursuant to our 2021 Partner Plan.

If an award granted under the 2021 Partner Plan expires or becomes
unexercisable without having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant
to an exchange program or, with respect to restricted stock, RSUs,
performance units, or performance shares, is forfeited or repurchased due to
failure to vest, then the unpurchased shares (or for awards other than stock
options or SARs, the forfeited or repurchased shares) will become available
for future grant or sale under the 2021 Partner Plan. With respect to SARs,
only the net shares actually issued will cease to be available under the
2021 Partner Plan and all remaining shares under SARs will remain available
for future grant or sale under the 2021 Partner Plan. Shares that have
actually been issued under the 2021 Partner Plan under any award will not be
returned to the 2021 Partner Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued
pursuant to awards of restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares, or
performance units are repurchased or forfeited, such shares will become
available for future grant under the 2021 Partner Plan. Shares used to pay
the exercise price of an award or to satisfy the tax withholding and
remittance obligations related to an award will become available for future
grant or sale under the 2021 Partner Plan. To the extent an award is paid
out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in a
reduction in the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021
Partner Plan.
                                                                            
  Plan Administration                                                       
                                                                            
Our board of directors or one or more committees appointed by our board of
directors may administer our 2021 Partner Plan. The compensation committee
of our board of directors administers our 2021 Partner Plan. Subject to the
provisions of our 2021 Partner Plan, the administrator has the power to
administer our 2021 Partner Plan and make all determinations deemed
necessary or advisable for administering the 2021 Partner Plan, including,
but not limited to, the power to determine the fair market value of our
Class A common stock, select the service providers to whom awards may be
granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve forms
of award agreements for use under the 2021 Partner Plan, determine the terms
and conditions of awards (including, but not limited to, the exercise price,
the time or times at which the awards may be exercised, any vesting
acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or
limitation regarding any award or the shares relating thereto), construe and
interpret the terms of our 2021 Partner Plan and awards granted under it,
prescribe, amend, and rescind rules, regulations, and sub-plans relating to
our 2021 Partner Plan, and modify or amend each award, including, but not
limited to, the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination
exercisability period of awards (provided that no option or stock
appreciation right will be extended past its original maximum term), and to
allow a participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery
of shares that would otherwise be due to such participant under an award.
The administrator also has the authority to allow participants the
opportunity to transfer outstanding awards to a financial institution or
other person or entity selected by the administrator and to institute an
exchange program by which outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled
in exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or lower
exercise price and/or different terms, awards of a different type, and/or
cash, or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is increased or
reduced. The administrator’s decisions, interpretations, and other actions
are final and binding on all participants.
                                                                            
  Stock Options                                                             
                                                                            
Stock options may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. The exercise price
of options granted under our 2021 Partner Plan must at least be equal to the
fair market value of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. The
administrator will determine the term of each option. The administrator will
determine the methods of payment of the
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    59    AppLovin  
                                          
exercise price of an option, which may include cash, shares, or other
property acceptable to the administrator, as well as other types of
consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service
of participant, it, he or she may exercise its, his or her option for the
period of time stated in its, his or her option agreement. In the absence of
a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain exercisable
three months following the termination of service. An option may not be
exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions
of our 2021 Partner Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of
options.
                                                                            
  Stock Appreciation Rights                                                 
                                                                            
SARs may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. SARs allow the recipient to
receive the appreciation in the fair market value of our Class A common
stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. SARs may not have a
term exceeding ten years. After the termination of service of a participant,
it, he or she may exercise its, his or her stock appreciation right for the
period of time stated in its, his or her SARs agreement. In the absence of a
specified time in an award agreement, the SARs will remain exercisable for
three months following the termination of service. However, in no event may
a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration of its
term. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Partner Plan, the administrator
determines the other terms of SARs, including when such rights become
exercisable and whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with
shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, except that
the per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the
exercise of a stock appreciation right will be no less than 100% of the fair
market value per share on the date of grant.
                                                                            
  Restricted Stock                                                          
                                                                            
Restricted stock may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. Restricted
stock awards are grants of shares of our Class A common stock that vest in
accordance with terms and conditions established by the administrator. The
administrator will determine the number of shares of restricted stock
granted to any eligible individual or entity and, subject to the provisions
of our 2021 Partner Plan, will determine the terms and conditions of such
awards. The administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it
determines to be appropriate (for example, the administrator may set
restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or
continued service to us); provided, however, that the administrator, in its
sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will
lapse or be removed. Recipients of restricted stock awards generally will
have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant
without regard to vesting, unless the administrator provides otherwise.
Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to our right of
repurchase or forfeiture.
                                                                            
  Restricted Stock Units                                                    
                                                                            
RSUs may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping
entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share
of our Class A common stock. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Partner
Plan, the administrator determines the terms and conditions of RSUs,
including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The
administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of
company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but
not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or
state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the administrator in
its discretion. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned
RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of our Class A common stock, or in some
combination thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the administrator, in
its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any vesting
requirements will be deemed satisfied. Participants will have no voting
rights with respect to RSUs until the date shares are issued with respect to
such RSUs. The administrator may provide that a participant is entitled to
receive dividend equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends
on shares having a record date prior to the date on which the applicable
RSUs are settled or forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Partner Plan.
                                          
  AppLovin    60    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
                                                                            
  Performance Units and Performance Shares                                  
                                                                            
Performance units and performance shares may be granted under our 2021
Partner Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards that will
result in a payment to a participant only if performance goals established
by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest. The
administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting
criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which they are
met, will determine the number and/or the value of performance units and
performance shares to be paid out to participants. The administrator may set
performance objectives based on the achievement of company-wide, divisional,
business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued
employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any
other basis determined by the administrator in its discretion. After the
grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in its
sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance criteria or other
vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares.
Performance units shall have an initial dollar value established by the
administrator on or prior to the grant date. Performance shares shall have
an initial value equal to the fair market value of our Class A common stock
on the grant date. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned
performance units or performance shares in the form of cash, in shares, or
in some combination thereof. Participants will have no voting rights with
respect to performance units and/or performance shares until the date shares
are issued with respect to such performance units and/or performance shares.
The administrator may provide that a participation is entitled to receive
dividend equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on shares
having a record date prior to the date on which the applicable performance
shares are settled or forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Partner Plan.
                                                                            
  Non-Transferability of Awards                                             
                                                                            
Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2021 Partner Plan generally
does not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of an award
may exercise an award during its, his or her lifetime. If the administrator
makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such additional terms
and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate.
                                                                            
  Certain Adjustments                                                       
                                                                            
In the event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution
or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits available under our
2021 Partner Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of
shares that may be delivered under our 2021 Partner Plan and/or the number,
class, and price of shares covered by each outstanding award and the
numerical share limits set forth in our 2021 Partner Plan.
                                                                            
  Dissolution or Liquidation                                                
                                                                            
In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator
will notify participants as soon as practicable and all awards will
terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
transaction.
                                                                            
  Merger or Change in Control                                               
                                                                            
Our 2021 Partner Plan provides that in the event of our merger with or into
another corporation or entity or a change in control (as defined in our 2021
Partner Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the administrator
determines, including, without limitation, that (i) awards will be assumed,
or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or
succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate
adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon
written notice to a participant, that the participant’s awards will
terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or
change in control; (iii) outstanding awards will vest and become
exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an award
will lapse, in
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    61    AppLovin  
                                          
whole or in part, prior to or upon consummation of such merger or change in
control and, to the extent the administrator determines, terminate upon or
immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or change in control;
(iv) (A) the termination of an award in exchange for an amount of cash
and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant’s rights
as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance
of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the
administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been
attained upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant’s
rights, then such award may be terminated by us without payment), or (B) the
replacement of such award with other rights or property selected by the
administrator in its sole discretion; (v) with respect only to an award (or
portion thereof) that is unvested as of immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger or change in control, the termination of the award
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger or change in control
with such payment to the participant (including no payment) as the
administrator determines in its discretion; or (vi) any combination of the
foregoing. The administrator will not be obligated to treat all
participants, awards, all awards a participant holds, or all awards of the
same type, similarly in the transaction.

In the event an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or
substituted in the event of a merger or change in control, the administrator
will notify each participant in writing or electronically that the option or
stock appreciation right, as applicable, will be exercisable for a period of
time determined by the administrator in its sole discretion, and the option
or stock appreciation right, as applicable, will terminate upon the
expiration of such period.
                                                                            
  Clawback                                                                  
                                                                            
Awards are subject to any clawback policy of ours, and the administrator
also may specify in an award agreement that the participant’s rights,
payments, and/or benefits with respect to an award will be subject to
reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, and/or recoupment upon the occurrence
of certain specified events. Our board of directors may require a
participant to forfeit, return, or reimburse us all or a portion of the
award and/or shares issued under the award, any amounts paid under the
award, and any payments or proceeds paid or provided upon disposition of the
shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy
or applicable laws.
                                                                            
  Amendment and Termination                                                 
                                                                            
The administrator has the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our 2021
Partner Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights of any
participant. Our 2021 Partner Plan will continue in effect until terminated
by the administrator.
                                                                            
  Summary of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences                           
                                                                            
The following summary is intended only as a general guide to the material
U.S. federal income tax consequences of participation in the 2021 Partner
Plan. The summary is based on existing U.S. laws and regulations, and there
can be no assurance that those laws and regulations will not change in the
future. The summary does not purport to be complete and does not discuss the
tax consequences upon a participant’s death, or the provisions of the income
tax laws of any municipality, state or non-U.S. jurisdiction to which the
participant may be subject. As a result, tax consequences for any particular
participant may vary based on individual circumstances.
                                                                            
  Stock Options                                                             
                                                                            
No taxable income is reportable when a nonstatutory stock option with a per
share exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of a share of
the underlying stock on the date of grant is granted to a participant. Upon
exercise, the participant will recognize ordinary income in an amount equal
to the excess of the fair market value (on the exercise date) of the shares
purchased over the exercise price of the exercised shares subject to the
option. Any taxable
                                          
  AppLovin    62    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
income recognized in connection with an option exercise by an employee of
the company is subject to tax withholding by us. Any additional gain or loss
recognized upon any later disposition of the shares would be capital gain or
loss to the participant.
                                                                            
  Stock Appreciation Rights                                                 
                                                                            
No taxable income is reportable when a stock appreciation right with a per
share exercise price equal to at least the fair market value of a share of
the underlying stock on the date of grant is granted to a participant. Upon
exercise, the participant will recognize ordinary income in an amount equal
to the amount of cash received and the fair market value of any shares
received. Any taxable income recognized in connection with the exercise of a
stock appreciation right by an employee of the company is subject to tax
withholding by us. Any additional gain or loss recognized upon any later
disposition of the shares would be capital gain or loss to the participant.
                                                                            
  Restricted Stock                                                          
                                                                            
A participant acquiring shares of restricted stock generally will recognize
ordinary income equal to the fair market value of the shares on the vesting
date. If the participant is an employee, such ordinary income generally is
subject to withholding of income and employment taxes. The participant may
elect pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code to accelerate the ordinary
income tax event to the date of acquisition by filing an election with the
Internal Revenue Service no later than 30 days after the date the shares are
acquired. Upon the sale of shares acquired pursuant to a restricted stock
award, any gain or loss, based on the difference between the sale price and
the fair market value on the date the ordinary income tax event occurs, will
be taxed as capital gain or loss.
                                                                            
  Restricted Stock Units                                                    
                                                                            
There are no immediate tax consequences of receiving an award of RSUs. A
participant who is awarded RSUs generally will be required to recognize
ordinary income in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares
issued to and/or the cash received by such participant at the end of the
applicable vesting period or, if later, the settlement date elected by the
administrator or a participant. If the participant is an employee, such
ordinary income generally is subject to withholding of income and employment
taxes. Any additional gain or loss recognized upon any later disposition of
any shares received would be capital gain or loss.
                                                                            
  Medicare Surtax                                                           
                                                                            
A participant’s annual “net investment income,” as defined in Section 1411
of the Code may be subject to a 3.8% federal surtax (generally referred to
as the “Medicare Surtax”). Net investment income may include capital gain
and/or loss arising from the disposition of shares subject to a
participant’s awards under the 2021 Partner Plan. Whether a participant’s
net investment income will be subject to the Medicare Surtax will depend on
the participant’s level of annual income and other factors.
                                                                            
  Section 409A                                                              
                                                                            
Section 409A of the Code (“Code Section 409A”) provides certain requirements
for nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements with respect to an
individual’s deferral and distribution elections and permissible
distribution events. Awards granted under the 2021 Partner Plan with a
deferral feature will be subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A.
Code Section 409A also generally provides that distributions must be made on
or following the occurrence of certain events (e.g., the individual’s
separation from service, a predetermined date, or the individual’s death).
For certain individuals who are officers, subject to certain exceptions,
Code Section 409A
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    63    AppLovin  
                                          
requires that distributions in connection with the officer’s separation from
service commence no earlier than 6 months after such officer’s separation
from service.

If an award granted under the 2021 Partner Plan is subject to and fails to
satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A, the recipient of that award
may recognize ordinary income on the amounts deferred under the award, to
the extent vested, which may be prior to when the compensation is actually
or constructively received. Also, if an award that is subject to Code
Section 409A fails to comply with Code Section 409A’s provisions, Code
Section 409A imposes an additional 20% federal income tax on compensation
recognized as ordinary income, as well as interest on such deferred
compensation. Certain states, such as California, have enacted laws similar
to Code Section 409A which impose additional taxes, interest and penalties
on nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements. The company will also
have withholding and reporting requirements with respect to such amounts. In
no event will the company or any of its parents or subsidiaries have any
responsibility, obligation, or liability under the terms of the 2021 Partner
Plan to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless a participant or any other
person in respect of awards for any taxes, interest or penalties imposed, or
other costs incurred, as a result of Code Section 409A.
                                                                            
  Tax Effect for the Company                                                
                                                                            
We generally will be entitled to a tax deduction in connection with an award
under the 2021 Partner Plan in an amount equal to the ordinary income
realized by a participant and at the time the participant recognizes such
income (for example, the exercise of a nonstatutory stock option).
                                                                            
  Plan Benefits                                                             
                                                                            
All awards under the 2021 Partner Plan are made at the discretion of the
administrator. Therefore, the benefits and amounts that will be received or
allocated under the 2021 Partner Plan are not determinable at this time.
However, we do not expect that our executive officers and non-employee
directors will receive awards under the 2021 Partner Plan. We intend to
conduct the offer, sale, and issuance of the securities under the 2021
Partner Plan in a manner exempt from registration under the Securities Act,
by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and Regulation S promulgated under
the Act, because the issuance of securities to the recipients will not
involve a public offering. The recipients of the securities will represent
their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with
a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and
appropriate legends will be placed upon the stock certificates issued in the
transaction. All recipients will have adequate access, through their
relationships with us or otherwise, to information about us. The issuance of
these securities will be made without any general solicitation or
advertising.

As of April 1, 2022, awards covering 484,878 shares of our Class A common
stock have been granted under the 2021 Partner Plan. No awards covering
shares of our Class A common stock were made under our 2021 Partner Plan to
our executive officers or directors, or their respective associates, or any
employees during 2021.
                                                                            
  Name of                       Number of Class A     Aggregate Grant Date  
  Individual or Group      Shares Subject to RSUs            Fair Value of  
                                  Granted in 2021               RSUs($)(1)  
  All                                                                       
  non-employee service                    359,623           $20,566,839.37  
  providers as a group                                                      
                                                                            
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received, and there
can be no assurance that these amounts will ever be realized. Instead, the
amount shown is the grant date fair value of the awards granted in fiscal
2021 computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718 — Compensation — Stock
Compensation (“ASC Topic 718”), disregarding forfeiture assumptions.
                                          
  AppLovin    64    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                          
The board of directors does not know of any other matters to be presented at
the Annual Meeting. If any additional matters are properly presented at the
Annual Meeting, the persons named in the enclosed proxy card will have
discretion to vote the shares of our common stock they represent in
accordance with their own judgment on such matters.

It is important that your shares of our common stock be represented at the
Annual Meeting, regardless of the number of shares that you hold. You are
urged to vote by telephone or by using the Internet as instructed on the
enclosed proxy card or execute and return, at your earliest convenience, the
enclosed proxy card in the envelope that has also been provided.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Palo Alto, California

April 27, 2022
                                          
  2022 Proxy Statement    65    AppLovin  
                                          
Appendix A
                             AMENDED & RESTATED                             
                                                                            
                            APPLOVIN CORPORATION                            
                                                                            
                     2021 PARTNER STUDIO INCENTIVE PLAN                     
                                                                            
       ( Approved February 14, 2022 subject to shareholder approval )       
1. Purposes of the Plan . The purposes of this Plan are:

• to attract and retain the best available Service Providers,

• to provide additional incentive to Service Providers, and

• to promote the success of the Company’s business.

The Plan permits the grant of Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock,
Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units and
Performance Shares.

2. Definitions . As used herein, the following definitions will apply:

(a) “ Administrator ” means the Board or any of its Committees as will be
administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

(b) “ Applicable Laws ” means the legal and regulatory requirements relating
to the administration of equity-based awards, including without limitation
the related issuance of shares of Common Stock, including without limitation
under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the
Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is
listed or quoted, and the applicable laws of any non-U.S. country or
jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan.

(c) “ Award ” means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of
Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares.

(d) “ Award Agreement ” means the written or electronic agreement between
the Company and Participant setting forth the terms and provisions
applicable to an Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(e) “ Board ” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
                                           
  AppLovin    A-1    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                           
(f) “ Change in Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following
events:

(i) Change in Ownership of the Company . A change in the ownership of the
Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one
person acting as a group (“Person”), acquires ownership of the stock of the
Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more
than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the
Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, none of
the following will be considered a Change in Control:

(1) The acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered
to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock
of the Company;

(2) the acquisition of additional securities of the Company or voting power
with respect to the stock of the Company by any or some combination of the
Voting Parties and/or their Permitted Entities (each as defined in the
Company’s certificate of incorporation, as it may be amended from time to
time (the “ COI ”));

(3) the acquisition of additional stock by the Executives and/or their
Permitted Entities (each as defined in the COI);

(4) the entry into, amendment, termination or operation of the “Voting
Agreement” (as defined in the COI) or any other voting arrangement or
agreement or proxy (in each case with respect to the stock of the Company)
by any or some combination of the Voting Parties together with one or more
other stockholders, if any, provided that the Board has approved or
ratified, for purposes of this subsection, the inclusion or addition of such
other stockholder;

(5) any change in the Voting Parties’ ownership of the stock of the Company
resulting from a repurchase, redemption, retirement or other similar
acquisition of stock of the Company by the Company;

(6) any change in voting power as a result of a Permitted Transfer (as
defined in the COI); and

(7) any change in the Voting Parties’ voting power of the stock of the
Company resulting from a conversion of shares of stock of the Company
reducing the number of shares or votes outstanding.

For the avoidance of doubt, no acquisition or disposition of Class B Common
Stock by the Voting Parties or change in the total voting power of the stock
of the Company as a result of (x) the conversion of any shares of stock of
the Company into shares of Class B Common Stock, (y) the conversion of any
shares of Class B Common Stock into shares of any other class of stock of
the Company, or (z) any change in the voting power of the Class B Common
Stock will constitute a Change in Control.

Further, if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change
in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership,
in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the
Company’s voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct
or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the total
voting power of the stock of the Company or of the
                                           
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-2    AppLovin  
                                           
ultimate parent entity of the Company, such event will not be considered a
Change in Control under this subsection (i). For this purpose, indirect
beneficial ownership will include, without limitation, an interest resulting
from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other
business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly
or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities.

(ii) Change in Effective Control of the Company . A change in the effective
control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members
of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors
whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members
of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election; provided that
if any Person or any or some combination of the Voting Parties exercises
more than 50% of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, the
election of Directors by such party or parties will not be considered a
Change in Control. For purposes of this subsection (ii), if any Person is
considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of
additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered
a Change in Control.

(iii) Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Company’s Assets .
A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets
which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during
the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent
acquisition by such Person) assets from the Company that have a total gross
fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the total
gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately
prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for
purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a
change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets:

(1) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company’s stockholders
immediately after the transfer, or

(2) a transfer of assets by the Company to:

(A) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in
exchange for or with respect to the Company’s stock,

(B) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting
power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company,

(C) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more
of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the
Company, or

(D) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting
power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in
this subsection (iii)(2).

For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the
value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being
disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with
such assets.
                                           
  AppLovin    A-3    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                           
For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as
a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger,
consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business
transaction with the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in
Control unless the transaction qualifies as a “change in control event”
within the meaning of Section 409A.

Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a
Change in Control if: (x) its primary purpose is to change the jurisdiction
of the Company’s incorporation, or (y) its primary purpose is to create a
holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by
the persons who held the Company’s securities immediately before such
transaction.

(g) “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any
reference to a section of the Code or regulation thereunder will include
such section or regulation, any valid regulation or other official guidance
promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future
legislation or regulation amending, supplementing, or superseding such
section or regulation.

(h) “ Committee ” means a committee of Directors or of other individuals
satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board, or a duly authorized
committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof.

(i) “ Common Stock ” means the Class A common stock of the Company.

(j) “ Company ” means AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or any
successor thereto.

(k) “ Director ” means a member of the Board.

(l) “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(m) “ Exchange Program ” means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards
are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type (which
may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a
different type, and/or cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to
transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person
or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (iii) the exercise price of
an outstanding Award is increased or reduced. The Administrator will
determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its sole
discretion.

(n) “ Fair Market Value ” means, as of any date, the value of a Share
determined as follows:

(i) f the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a
national market system, including without limitation the New York Stock
Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the
Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will
be the closing sales price for such stock (or, if no closing sales price was
reported on that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such closing
sales price was reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the day of
determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source
as the Administrator deems reliable;
                                           
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-4    AppLovin  
                                           
(ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities
dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a Share
will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common
Stock on the day of determination (or, if no bids and asks were reported on
that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such bids and asks were
reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as
the Administrator deems reliable;

(iii) For purposes of any Awards granted on the Registration Date, the Fair
Market Value will be the initial price to the public as set forth in the
final prospectus included within the registration statement on Form S-1
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the initial public
offering of the Common Stock; or

(iv) n the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair
Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Administrator.

The determination of fair market value for purposes of tax withholding may
be made in the Administrator’s discretion subject to Applicable Laws and is
not required to be consistent with the determination of Fair Market Value
for other purposes.

(o) “ Fiscal Year ” means the fiscal year of the Company.

(p) “ Nonstatutory Stock Option ” means an Option that by its terms does not
qualify or is not intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated
thereunder.

(q) “ Option ” means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.

(r) “ Parent ” means a “parent corporation,” whether now or hereafter
existing, as defined in Code Section 424(e).

(s) “ Participant ” means the holder of an outstanding Award.

(t) “ Partner ” means any individual or entity engaged by the Company or a
Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to render bona fide services to the
party engaging such individual or entity.

(u) “ Performance Share ” means an Award denominated in Shares which may be
earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other
vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 10.

(v) “ Performance Unit ” means an Award which may be earned in whole or in
part upon attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the
Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash, Shares or
other securities or a combination of the foregoing pursuant to Section 10.

(w) “ Period of Restriction ” means the period (if any) during which the
transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and
therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture.
                                           
  AppLovin    A-5    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                           
Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of
target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other events as
determined by the Administrator.

(x) “ Plan ” means this AppLovin Corporation 2021 Partner Studio Incentive
Plan.

(y) “ Registration Date ” means the effective date of the first registration
statement that is filed by the Company and declared effective pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, with respect to any class of the
Company’s securities.

(z) “ Restricted Stock ” means Shares issued pursuant to a Restricted Stock
award under Section 7 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise
of an Option.

(aa) “ Restricted Stock Unit ” means a bookkeeping entry representing an
amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to
Section 8. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured
obligation of the Company.

(bb) “ Section 409A ” means Section 409A of the Code, as it has been and may
be amended from time to time, and any proposed or final Treasury Regulations
and Internal Revenue Service guidance that has been promulgated or may be
promulgated thereunder from time to time, or any state law equivalent.

(cc) “ Securities Act ” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(dd) “ Service Provider ” means a Partner.

(ee) “ Share ” means a share of the Class A Common Stock, as adjusted in
accordance with Section 12 of the Plan.

(ff) “ Stock Appreciation Right ” means an Award, granted alone or in
connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 9 is designated as a
Stock Appreciation Right.

(gg) “ Subsidiary ” means a “subsidiary corporation,” whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Code Section 424(f).

(hh) “ Trading Day ” means a day that the primary stock exchange, national
market system, or other trading platform, as applicable, upon which the
Common Stock is listed is open for trading.

3. Stock Subject to the Plan .

(a) Stock Subject to the Plan . Subject to the provisions of Section 12 of
the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under
the Plan is 2,390,000 Shares. In addition, Shares may become available for
issuance under the Plan pursuant to Section and 3(b). The Shares may be
authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.

(b) Lapsed Awards . If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without
having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an Exchange
Program, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units,
                                           
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-6    AppLovin  
                                           
Performance Units or Performance Shares, is forfeited to or repurchased by
the Company due to failure to vest, then the unpurchased Shares (or for
Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, the forfeited or
repurchased Shares), which were subject thereto will become available for
future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). With
respect to Stock Appreciation Rights, only Shares actually issued (i.e., the
net Shares issued) pursuant to a Stock Appreciation Right will cease to be
available under the Plan; all remaining Shares under Stock Appreciation
Rights will remain available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless
the Plan has terminated). Shares that actually have been issued under the
Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become
available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if
Shares issued pursuant to Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units are repurchased by the
Company or are forfeited to the Company due to failure to vest, such Shares
will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay
the exercise price of an Award or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations
related to an Award will become available for future grant or sale under the
Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than
Shares, the cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares
available for issuance under the Plan.

(c) Share Reserve . The Company, at all times during the term of this Plan,
will reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient
to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.

4. Administration of the Plan .

(a) Procedure .

(i) Multiple Administrative Bodies . Different Committees with respect to
different groups of Service Providers may administer the Plan.

(ii) Other Administration . The Plan will be administered by (A) the Board
or (B) a Committee, which committee will be constituted to satisfy
Applicable Laws.

(b) Powers of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and
in the case of a Committee, the specific duties delegated by the Board to
such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its
discretion, to:

(i) determine the Fair Market Value;

(ii) select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;

(iii) determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted
hereunder;

(iv) approve forms of Award Agreement for use under the Plan;

(v) determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of
the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. The terms and conditions include,
but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards
may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting
acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or
limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based in each
case on such factors as the Administrator will determine;
                                           
  AppLovin    A-7    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                           
(vi) institute and determine the terms and conditions of an Exchange
Program;

(vii) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations and adopt sub-plans
relating to the Plan, including rules, regulations and sub-plans for the
purposes of facilitating compliance with foreign laws, easing the
administration of the Plan and/or taking advantage of tax-favorable
treatment for Awards granted to Service Providers outside the U.S., in each
case as the Administrator may deem necessary or advisable;

(viii) construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted under
the Plan;

(ix) modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 17(c) of the Plan),
including without limitation the discretionary authority to extend the post-
termination exercisability period of Awards; provided, however, that in no
event will the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right be extended
beyond its original maximum term;

(x) allow Participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations in a manner
prescribed in Section 13 of the Plan;

(xi) authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument
required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the
Administrator;

(xii) temporarily suspend the exercisability of an Award if the
Administrator deems such suspension to be necessary or appropriate for
administrative purposes;

(xiii) allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or
the delivery of Shares that otherwise would be due to the Participant under
an Award; and

(xiv) make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering the Plan.

(c) Effect of Administrator’s Decision . The Administrator’s decisions,
determinations and interpretations will be final and binding on all
Participants and any other holders of Awards and will be given the maximum
deference permitted by Applicable Laws.

5. Eligibility . Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights,
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance
Units may be granted to Service Providers.

6. Stock Options .

(a) Grant of Options . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the
Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Options to
Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole
discretion, will determine.

(b) Stock Option Agreement . Each Award of an Option will be evidenced by an
Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the number of Shares
subject to the Option, the exercise restrictions, if any, applicable to the
Option, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its
sole discretion, will determine.
                                           
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-8    AppLovin  
                                           
(c) Term of Option . The term of each Option will be stated in the Award
Agreement.

(d) Option Exercise Price and Consideration .

(i) Exercise Price . The per share exercise price for the Shares to be
issued pursuant to exercise of an Option will be determined by the
Administrator, subject to the following:

(1) The per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred percent
(100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

(2) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may be granted with a per Share
exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market
Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in,
and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code.

(ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates . At the time an Option is granted,
the Administrator will fix the period within which the Option may be
exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before
the Option may be exercised.

(iii) Form of Consideration . The Administrator will determine the
acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the
method of payment.

(e) Exercise of Option .

(i) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder . Any Option granted
hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such
times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set
forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction
of a Share.

An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i) notice of
exercise (in accordance with the procedures that the Administrator may
specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option,
and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is
exercised (together with any applicable tax withholdings). Full payment may
consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the
Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares
issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the
Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the name of the
Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced
by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any
other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject
to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will
issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is
exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for
which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as
provided in Section 12 of the Plan.

Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares
thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the
Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.
                                           
  AppLovin    A-9    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                           
(ii) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider . If a Participant
ceases to be a Service Provider, the Participant may exercise his or her
Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to
the extent that the Option is vested on the date of cessation of the
Participant’s Service Provider status (but in no event later than the
expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement).
In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will
remain exercisable for three (3) months following cessation of the
Participant’s Service Provider status. Unless otherwise provided by the
Administrator, if on the date of cessation of the Participant’s Service
Provider status the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire
Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert
to the Plan. If, after cessation of the Participant’s Service Provider
status, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time
specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares
covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.

7. Restricted Stock .

(a) Grant of Restricted Stock . Subject to the terms and provisions of the
Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Shares
of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine.

(b) Restricted Stock Agreement . Each Award of Restricted Stock will be
evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify any Period of Restriction,
the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the
Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold
Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have
lapsed.

(c) Transferability . Except as provided in this Section 7 or the Award
Agreement, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged,
assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of any
applicable Period of Restriction.

(d) Other Restrictions . The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may
impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem
advisable or appropriate.

(e) Removal of Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in this Section
7, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made
under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the
last day of any applicable Period of Restriction or at such other time as
the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may
accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed.

(f) Voting Rights . During any applicable Period of Restriction, Service
Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise
full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator
determines otherwise.

(g) Dividends and Other Distributions . During any applicable Period of
Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be
entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect
to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise. If any such
dividends or distributions are paid in Shares, the Shares will be subject to
the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of
Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid.
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-10    AppLovin  
                                            
(h) Return of Restricted Stock to Company . On the date set forth in the
Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not lapsed
will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under
the Plan.

8. Restricted Stock Units .

(a) Grant . Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time
to time as determined by the Administrator. After the Administrator
determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it will
advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and
restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock
Units.

(b) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms . The Administrator will set vesting
criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the
criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that
will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting
criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business
unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued
employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any
other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.

(c) Earning Restricted Stock Units . Upon meeting the applicable vesting
criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a payout as determined
by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the
grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a
payout.

(d) Form and Timing of Payment . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units
will be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) determined by the
Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in
its sole discretion, may settle earned Restricted Stock Units only in cash,
Shares, or a combination of both.

(e) Cancellation . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all
unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company.

9. Stock Appreciation Rights .

(a) Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights . Subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to Service Providers
at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the
Administrator, in its sole discretion.

(b) Number of Shares . The Administrator will have complete discretion to
determine the number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted to any Service
Provider.

(c) Exercise Price and Other Terms . The per share exercise price for the
Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right will
be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred
percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, will
have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock
Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan.
                                            
  AppLovin    A-11    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                            
(d) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement . Each Stock Appreciation Right grant
will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise
price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise,
and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole
discretion, will determine.

(e) Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right
granted under the Plan will expire upon the date as determined by the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6(c) relating to the
maximum term and Section 6(e) relating to exercise also will apply to Stock
Appreciation Rights.

(f) Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount . Upon exercise of a Stock
Appreciation Right, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from
the Company in an amount determined as the product of:

(i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of
exercise over the exercise price; and

(ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right
is exercised.

At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon exercise of a Stock
Appreciation Right may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some
combination of both.

10. Performance Units and Performance Shares .

(a) Grant of Performance Units/Shares . Performance Units and Performance
Shares may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time to
time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion.
The Administrator will have complete discretion in determining the number of
Performance Units and Performance Shares granted to each Participant.

(b) Value of Performance Units/Shares . Each Performance Unit will have an
initial value that is established by the Administrator on or before the date
of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the
Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant.

(c) Performance Objectives and Other Terms . The Administrator will set
performance objectives or other vesting provisions (including, without
limitation, continued status as a Service Provider) in its discretion which,
depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or
value of Performance Units/Shares that will be paid out to the Service
Providers. The time period during which the performance objectives or other
vesting provisions must be met will be called the “Performance Period.” Each
Award of Performance Units/Shares will be evidenced by an Award Agreement
that will specify the Performance Period, and such other terms and
conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. The
Administrator may set performance objectives based upon the achievement of
Company-wide, divisional, business unit or individual goals (including, but
not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or
state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator in
its discretion.

(d) Earning of Performance Units/Shares . After the applicable Performance
Period has ended, the holder of Performance Units/Shares will be entitled to
receive a payout of the number of Performance Units/Shares earned by the
Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of
the extent to which the
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-12    AppLovin  
                                            
corresponding performance objectives or other vesting provisions have been
achieved. After the grant of a Performance Unit/Share, the Administrator, in
its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other
vesting provisions for such Performance Unit/Share.

(e) Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Units/Shares . Payment of
earned Performance Units/Shares will be made as soon as practicable after
the expiration of the applicable Performance Period. The Administrator, in
its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units/Shares in the form of
cash, in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the
value of the earned Performance Units/Shares at the close of the applicable
Performance Period) or in a combination thereof.

(f) Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares . On the date set forth in the
Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Units/Shares will be
forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the
Plan.

11. Transferability of Awards . Unless determined otherwise by the
Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws
of descent and distribution, and may be exercised, during the lifetime of
the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an
Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and
conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate.

12. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control .

(a) Adjustments . In the event that any dividend or other distribution
(whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property),
recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger,
consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, reclassification,
repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or
other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares
occurs (other than any ordinary dividends or other ordinary distributions),
the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the
benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan,
will adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be delivered
under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of shares of stock
covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical Share limits in Section
3 of the Plan.

(b) Dissolution or Liquidation . In the event of a proposed dissolution or
liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant
as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed
transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
action.

(c) Merger or Change in Control . In the event of a merger of the Company
with or into another corporation or other entity or a Change in Control,
each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines
(subject to the provisions of the following paragraph) without a
Participant’s consent, including, without limitation, that (i) Awards will
be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the
acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with
appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii)
upon written notice to a Participant, that the Participant’s Awards will
terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or
Change in Control; (iii) outstanding Awards will vest and become
exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award
will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such merger
or Change in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines,
terminate
                                            
  AppLovin    A-13    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                            
upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or Change in
Control; (iv) (A) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of
cash and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been
attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant’s
rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the
avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction
the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been
attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant’s
rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment),
or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property selected
by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or (v) any combination of the
foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 12(c),
the Administrator will not be obligated to treat all Participants, all
Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, all Awards of the same type, or
all portions of Awards, similarly in the transaction.

In the event that the successor corporation does not assume or substitute
for the Award (or portion thereof), the Participant will fully vest in and
have the right to exercise the Participant’s outstanding Option and Stock
Appreciation Right (or portion thereof) that is not assumed or substituted
for, including Shares as to which such Award would not otherwise be vested
or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units (or portions thereof) not
assumed or substituted for will lapse, and, with respect to such Awards with
performance-based vesting (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted
for, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved
at one hundred percent (100%) of target levels and all other terms and
conditions met, in each case, unless specifically provided otherwise under
the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the
Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as
applicable. In addition, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or
portion thereof) is not assumed or substituted for in the event of a merger
or Change in Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in
writing or electronically that such Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or
its applicable portion) will be exercisable for a period of time determined
by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Option or Stock
Appreciation Right (or its applicable portion) will terminate upon the
expiration of such period.

For the purposes of this subsection (c), an Award will be considered assumed
if, following the merger or Change in Control, the Award confers the right
to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately
prior to the merger or Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock,
cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or Change in
Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date
of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration,
the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the
outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received
in the merger or Change in Control is not solely common stock of the
successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent
of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received
upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or upon the
payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share,
for each Share subject to such Award, to be solely common stock of the
successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per
share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the merger or
Change in Control.

Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (c) to the contrary, and unless
otherwise provided in an Award Agreement or other written agreement between
the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as
applicable, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction
of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the
Company or its successor modifies any of such performance goals without the
Participant’s consent; provided, however, a modification to such performance
goals only to reflect the successor
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-14    AppLovin  
                                            
corporation’s post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed
to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption.

Notwithstanding anything in this subsection (c) to the contrary, if a
payment under an Award Agreement is subject to Section 409A and if the
change in control definition contained in the Award Agreement or other
written agreement related to the Award does not comply with the definition
of “change in control” for purposes of a distribution under Section 409A,
then any payment of an amount that otherwise is accelerated under this
Section will be delayed until the earliest time that such payment would be
permissible under Section 409A without triggering any penalties applicable
under Section 409A.

13. Tax .

(a) Withholding Requirements . Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash
pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or such earlier time as any tax
withholding obligations are due, the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries,
Parents or affiliates retaining the services of a Participant, as
applicable) will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or
require a Participant to remit to the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries,
Parents or affiliates, as applicable), an amount sufficient to satisfy U.S.
federal, state, and local, non-U.S., and other taxes (including the
Participant’s FICA or other social insurance contribution obligation)
required to be withheld with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof).

(b) Withholding Arrangements . The Administrator, in its sole discretion and
pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit
a Participant to satisfy such tax withholding obligation, in whole or in
part by (without limitation) (i) paying cash, check or other cash
equivalents, (ii) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise
deliverable cash or Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum
statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount (including
up to a maximum statutory amount) as the Administrator may determine if such
amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator
determines in its sole discretion, (iii) delivering to the Company already-
owned Shares having a fair market value equal to the statutory amount
required to be withheld or such greater amount (including up to a maximum
statutory amount) as the Administrator may determine, in each case, provided
the delivery of such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting
consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, or
(iv) any other method of withholding determined by the Administrator and, to
the extent required by Applicable Laws or the Plan, approved by the Board or
the Committee. The withholding amount will be deemed to include any amount
which the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the election is
made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum statutory
rates applicable to the Participant with respect to the Award on the date
that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined or such greater
amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have
adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole
discretion. The fair market value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered
will be determined as of the date that the amount of taxes to be withheld is
calculated.

(c) Compliance With Section 409A . Awards will be designed and operated in
such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply
with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant, payment,
settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest
applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole
discretion of the Administrator. The Plan and each Award Agreement under the
Plan is intended to meet the requirements of Section 409A and will be
construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent, except as
otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the
                                            
  AppLovin    A-15    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                            
extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof, is
subject to Section 409A the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred
in a manner that will meet the requirements of Section 409A, such that the
grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional
tax or interest applicable under Section 409A. In no event will the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents have any obligation or liability under
the terms of this Plan to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless any
Participant or any other person in respect of Awards, for any taxes,
interest or penalties imposed, or other costs incurred, as a result of
Section 409A.

14. No Effect on Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor any Award will
confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the
Participant’s relationship as a Service Provider, nor interfere in any way
with the Participant’s right or the right of the Company and its
Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, to terminate such relationship at
any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

15. Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes,
the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such
Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator.
Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant within a
reasonable time after the date of such grant.

16. Term of Plan . Subject to Section 20 of the Plan, the Plan will become
effective upon the later to occur of (i) its adoption by the Board or (ii)
the business day immediately prior to the Registration Date. It will
continue in effect until terminated under Section 17.

17. Amendment and Termination of the Plan .

(a) Amendment and Termination . The Administrator, at any time, may amend,
alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.

(b) Stockholder Approval . The Company will obtain stockholder approval of
any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with
Applicable Laws.

(c) Effect of Amendment or Termination . No amendment, alteration,
suspension or termination of the Plan will materially impair the rights of
any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant
and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the
Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the
Administrator’s ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with
respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such
termination.

18. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares .

(a) Legal Compliance . Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise or
vesting of an Award unless the exercise or vesting of such Award and the
issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and
will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with
respect to such compliance.

(b) Investment Representations . As a condition to the exercise or vesting
of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising or vesting in
such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise or
vesting that the Shares are being acquired only for investment and without
any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion
of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required.
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-16    AppLovin  
                                            
19. Inability to Obtain Authority . If the Company determines it to be
impossible or impractical to obtain authority from any regulatory body
having jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any
registration or other qualification of the Shares under any U.S. state or
federal law or non-U.S. law or under the rules and regulations of the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock exchange on which Shares of
the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory
body, which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is
deemed by the Company’s counsel to be necessary or advisable for the
issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, the Company will be relieved of
any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to
which such requisite authority, registration, qualification or rule
compliance will not have been obtained.

20. Stockholder Approval . The Plan will be subject to approval by the
stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the
Plan is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in
the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws.

21. Forfeiture Events . The Administrator may specify in an Award Agreement
that the Participant’s rights, payments, and benefits with respect to an
Award will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, recoupment,
reimbursement, or reacquisition upon the occurrence of certain specified
events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance
conditions of an Award. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary under
this Plan, an Award will be subject to the Company’s clawback policy as may
be established and/or amended from time to time to comply with Applicable
Laws (including without limitation pursuant to the listing standards of any
national securities exchange or association on which the Company’s
securities are listed or as may be required by the Dodd‑Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act) (the “ Clawback Policy ”). The
Administrator may require a Participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the
Company all or a portion of the Award and any amounts paid thereunder
pursuant to the terms of the Clawback Policy or as necessary or appropriate
to comply with Applicable Laws. Unless this Section 21 specifically is
mentioned and waived in an Award Agreement or other document, no recovery of
compensation under a Clawback Policy or otherwise will constitute an event
that triggers or contributes to any right of a Participant to resign for
“good reason” or “constructive termination” (or similar term) under any
agreement with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company.
                                            
  AppLovin    A-17    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                            
                                                                            
                            APPLOVIN CORPORATION                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                     2021 PARTNER STUDIO INCENTIVE PLAN                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
                      RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
                   NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT                    
                                                                            
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the AppLovin
Corporation 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan (the “ Plan ”) will have the
same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement which includes
the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the “ Notice of Grant ”), the
Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as
Exhibit A , the Country Addendum attached hereto as Exhibit B , and all
other exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached hereto (the “ Award
Agreement ”).

Participant Name: ______________________________

Address: ______________________________

The undersigned Participant has been granted the right to receive an Award
of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan
and this Award Agreement, as follows:

Grant Number: ______________________________

Date of Grant: ______________________________

Vesting Commencement Date:
                                                                            
  ______________________________                                            
                                                                            
Total Number of Shares Subject to

Restricted Stock Units: ______________________________

Vesting Schedule :

Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan, set forth in a
separate policy or agreement between Participant and the Company, or set
forth below, the Restricted Stock Units will be scheduled to vest in
accordance with the following schedule:
                                                                            
  [                                                                         
                                                                            
Insert Vesting Schedule
                                                                            
  ]                                                                         
                                                                            
For purposes of this Award Agreement, a “Quarterly Vesting Date” is February
20, May 20, August 20 and November 20 of a given year, provided that if the
applicable date is a weekend or a holiday, then the applicable Quarterly
Vesting Date will be the first business day thereafter.

In the event of cessation of Participant’s status as a Service Provider for
any or no reason before Participant vests in the Restricted Stock Units, the
Restricted Stock Units and Participant’s right to acquire any Shares
hereunder
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-18    AppLovin  
                                            
will terminate immediately, unless specifically provided otherwise in this
Award Agreement or other written agreement between Participant and the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable.

By Participant’s signature and the signature of the representative of
AppLovin Corporation (the “ Company ”) below, Participant and the Company
agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and
governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement,
including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached
hereto as Exhibit A , the Country Addendum attached hereto as Exhibit B ,
and all other exhibits, appendices and addenda attached hereto, all of which
are made a part of this document. Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy
of the Plan. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in
their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior
to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of
the Plan and this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as
binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the
Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Award Agreement.
Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in its
address indicated below.

PARTICIPANT APPLOVIN CORPORATION

______________________________ ______________________________

Signature Signature

______________________________ ______________________________

Print Name Print Name

______________________________

Address: Title
                                            
  AppLovin    A-19    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                            
                                 EXHIBIT A                                  
                                                                            
            TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT             
1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby grants to the
participant (“ Participant ”) named in the Notice of Grant of Restricted
Stock Units of this Award Agreement (the “ Notice of Grant ”) under the Plan
an Award of Restricted Stock Units, and subject to the terms and conditions
of this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by
reference. Subject to Section 17(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict
between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the
terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.

2. Company’s Obligation to Pay . Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the
right to receive a Share, on the timing specified in Section 4. Unless and
until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in
Section 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of any such
Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted
Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Unit will represent an unsecured
obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets
of the Company.

3. Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to
Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will
vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of
Grant, subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through
each applicable vesting date.

4. Payment after Vesting .

(a) General Rule . Subject to Section 6, any Restricted Stock Units that
vest will be paid to Participant in whole Shares. Subject to the provisions
of Section 4(b), such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in whole
Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within
sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no event will Participant be
permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of payment of
any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award Agreement.

(b) Acceleration . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the
vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the
unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the
Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as
having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator.

5. Forfeiture Upon Termination as a Service Provider . Unless specifically
provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other written agreement
between Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents,
as applicable, if Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no
reason, the then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award
Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company and
Participant will have no further rights thereunder.

6. Tax Consequences . Participant has reviewed with its, his or her own tax
advisors the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of
this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement.
With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisors and
not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its
agents, written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not
the Company) shall be solely responsible for Participant’s own tax liability
that may arise as a result of this investment
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-20    AppLovin  
                                            
or the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. In no event will
the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries have any liability or
obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless Participant for any
taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may
be incurred, as a result of participating in the Plan; and Participant will
reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless the Company for any taxes, penalties
and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a
result of Participant’s participation in the Plan.

7. Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under
or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a
stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder
unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book
entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or
its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including
through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance,
recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a
stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of
dividends and distributions on such Shares.

8. No Registration . Participant understands that any Shares issued
hereunder will not be registered under the Securities Act, but rather will
be issued pursuant to specific exemptions from the registration provisions
of the Securities Act, the availability of which depends upon, among other
things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of
Participant’s representations set forth in this Section 8. By accepting this
Award, Participant acknowledges as follows with respect to any Shares issued
hereunder:

(a) Participant is not a natural person resident in the United States, a
partnership or corporation organized under the laws of the United States or
otherwise a “U.S. Person” (as defined under Regulation S) or acting for the
benefit or account of a U.S. Person;

(b) Participant understands that the Shares have not been not been
registered under the Securities Act;

(c) Participant agrees (a) to resell the Shares only in accordance with the
provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Securities
Act or pursuant to another available exemption from registration (the
availability of such exemption being reflected by an opinion of counsel
acceptable to the Company), and (b) not to engage in hedging transactions
with regard to such securities unless in compliance with the Securities Act
(including Regulation S thereunder);

(d) Participant understands that a legend will be placed on all certificates
evidencing the Shares reflecting the restrictions upon transfer set forth in
paragraph (c) above, and that the Company is required to refuse to register
any transfer of securities not made in accordance with the provisions of
Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Securities Act, or pursuant
to an available exemption from registration; and

(e) Participant agrees not to offer or sell the Shares to any U.S. Person,
or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person prior to the expiration of
the one year anniversary (or the six-month anniversary if the Company is a
“reporting issuer,” as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) of the
date on which the Shares underlying the Option were issued by the Company
pursuant to the Agreement, unless the Shares are sold in a transaction
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act or pursuant
to a registration statement effective under the Securities Act.
                                            
  AppLovin    A-21    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                            
9. No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES
THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING
SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, WHICH
UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW IS AT THE WILL OF THE
APPLICABLE SERVICE RECIPIENT AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING
GRANTED THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER.
PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH
HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED
ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR
AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT’S RIGHT OR THE
RIGHT OF ANY SERVICE RECIPIENT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS A
SERVICE PROVIDER, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH TERMINATION, UNLESS
PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT
CAUSE.

10. Grant is Not Transferable . This grant and the rights and privileges
conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated
in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be
subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any
attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of
this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any
attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this
grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become
null and void.

11. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal
or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding
Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s acquisition or
sale of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Participant is
hereby advised to consult with its own personal tax, legal and financial
advisors regarding its participation in the Plan before taking any action
related to the Plan.

12. Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the
terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at AppLovin
Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304, or at such
other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.

13. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole
discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock
Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be
awarded under the Plan by electronic means or require Participant to
participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to
receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in
the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained
by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.

14. No Waiver . Either party’s failure to enforce any provision or
provisions of this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a
waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from
thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement.
The rights granted both parties herein are cumulative and shall not
constitute a waiver of either party’s right to assert all other legal
remedies available to it under the circumstances.

15. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under
this Award Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Award
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-22    AppLovin  
                                            
Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this
Award Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and its heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of
Participant under this Award Agreement may be assigned only with the prior
written consent of the Company.

16. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company
will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration,
qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange
or under any state, federal or non-U.S. law, the tax code and related
regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body
or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is
necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to
Participant hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such
listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or
approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any
conditions not acceptable to the Company. Subject to the terms of the Award
Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not be required to issue any
certificate or certificates for (or make any entry on the books of the
Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company of) the Shares
hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the
date of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the Administrator may
establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.

17. Interpretation . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the
Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the
administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent
therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not
limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units
have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations
made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon
Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. Neither the
Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the Administrator will be
personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in
good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.

18. Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not
to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award
Agreement.

19. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this
Award, Participant expressly warrants that it has received an Award of
Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood
a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is
discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the
Administrator at any time.

20. Modifications to the Award Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes
the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant
expressly warrants that it is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance
on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained
herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only
in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the
Company.

21. Governing Law; Venue; Severability . This Award Agreement and the
Restricted Stock Units are governed by the internal substantive laws, but
not the choice of law rules, of California. For purposes of litigating any
dispute that arises under these Restricted Stock Units or this Award
Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of
the State of California, and agree that such litigation will be conducted in
the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the United States federal
courts for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where
this Award Agreement is made and/or to be performed. In the event that any
provision hereof
                                            
  AppLovin    A-23    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                            
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal,
unenforceable or void, this Award Agreement shall continue in full force and
effect.

22. Entire Agreement . The Plan is incorporated herein by this reference.
The Plan and this Award Agreement (including the appendices and exhibits
referenced herein) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all
prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to
the Participant’s interest except by means of a writing signed by the
Company and Participant.

23. Country Addendum . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award
Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject to any special
terms and conditions set forth in an appendix (if any) to this Award
Agreement for any country whose laws are applicable to Participant and this
Award of Restricted Stock Units (as determined by the Administrator in its
sole discretion) (the “ Country Addendum ”). The Country Addendum
constitutes part of this Award Agreement.

24. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that it may
be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws in
applicable jurisdictions including, but not limited to, the United States
and Participant’s country, which may affect Participant’s ability to acquire
or sell Shares or rights to Shares (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) under the
Plan during such time as Participant is considered to have “inside
information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable
jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the
cancellation or amendment of orders Participant placed before Participant
possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited
from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party and (ii)
“tipping” third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities.
Participant should keep in mind third parties includes its employees. Any
restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in
addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable
insider trading policy of the Company. Participant is responsible for
ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions and should consult with
its personal legal advisor on this matter.
                                                                            
                                 EXHIBIT B                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
                              COUNTRY ADDENDUM                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Terms and Conditions                                                      
                                                                            
This Country Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern
the Restricted Stock Units granted to Participant under the Plan if
Participant is located in one of the countries listed below.

Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Country Addendum
shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Award Agreement to
which this Country Addendum is attached.
                                                                            
  Notifications                                                             
                                                                            
This Country Addendum also includes notifications relating to exchange
control and other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect
to its participation in the Plan. The information is based on the exchange
control, securities and other laws in effect in the countries listed in this
Country Addendum, as of
                                                                            
  February 2022                                                             
                                                                            
. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the
Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the notifications
herein as the only source of information relating to the consequences of its
participation in the Plan
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-24    AppLovin  
                                            
because the information may be outdated when Participant vests in the
Restricted Stock Units and acquires Shares, or when Participant subsequently
sells Shares acquired under the Plan.

In addition, the notifications are general in nature and may not apply to
Participant’s particular situation and the Company is not in a position to
assure Participant of any particular result. Accordingly, Participant is
advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws
in Participant’s country may apply to Participant’s situation.

Participant acknowledges that Participant has been advised to seek
appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant exchange control and
tax laws in Participant’s country may apply to its individual situation.

I. GLOBAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PARTICIPANTS IN ALL COUNTRIES OTHER THAN
THE UNITED STATES

1. Foreign Exchange Considerations . Participant acknowledges, understands,
and agrees that neither the Company nor any Parent, Subsidiary or Service
Recipient shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between
Participant’s local currency and the U.S. dollar that may affect the value
of the Restricted Stock Units, or of any amounts due to Participant under
the Plan or as a result of vesting in its Restricted Stock Units and/or the
subsequent sale of any Shares acquired under the Plan. Participant agrees
and acknowledges that it will bear any and all risk associated with the
exchange or fluctuation of currency associated with its participation in the
Plan. Participant acknowledges and agrees that Participant may be
responsible for reporting inbound transactions or fund transfers that exceed
a certain amount. Participant is advised to seek appropriate professional
advice as to how the exchange control regulations apply to its Restricted
Stock Units and Participant’s specific situation and understands that the
relevant laws and regulations can change frequently and occasionally on a
retroactive basis.

2. Language . If Participant has received this Award Agreement or any other
document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English
and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English
version, the English version will control.

II. GLOBAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PARTICIPANTS IN ALL COUNTRIES OTHER THAN
THE UNITED STATES
                                                                            
                               Cayman Islands                               
                                                                            
Participant agrees that it bears the sole responsibility for obtaining and
maintaining any applicable tax and/or regulatory approvals, registrations,
filings or other requirements that may apply in connection with the
Restricted Stock Units in the Cayman Islands, and that the Company has no
responsibility in connection with any such obligations or requirements in
the Cayman Islands.
                                                                            
                                   China                                    
                                                                            
Participant agrees that it bears the sole responsibility for obtaining and
maintaining any applicable tax and/or regulatory approvals, registrations,
filings or other requirements that may apply in connection with the
Restricted Stock Units in China (including but not limited to the outbound
direct investment approvals and filings), and that the
                                            
  AppLovin    A-25    2022 Proxy Statement  
                                            
Company has no responsibility in connection with any such obligations or
requirements in China. Notwithstanding to anything to the contrary herein,
Participant further understands and agrees that the Restricted Stock Units
may not vest unless and until the applicable tax and/or regulatory
approvals, registrations, filings or other requirements that may apply in
connection with the Restricted Stock Units in China are obtained by
Participant.
                                                                            
                                   Cyprus                                   
                                                                            
Participant agrees that it bears the sole responsibility for obtaining and
maintaining any applicable tax and/or regulatory approvals, registrations,
filings or other requirements that may apply in connection with the
Restricted Stock Units in Cyprus, and that the Company has no responsibility
in connection with any such obligations or requirements in Cyprus.
                                                                            
                           British Virgin Islands                           
                                                                            
Participant agrees that it bears the sole responsibility for obtaining and
maintaining any applicable tax and/or regulatory approvals, registrations,
filings or other requirements that may apply in connection with the
Restricted Stock Units in the British Virgin Islands, and that the Company
has no responsibility in connection with any such obligations or
requirements in the British Virgin Islands.
                                                                            
                                   Malta                                    
                                                                            
Participant agrees that it bears the sole responsibility for obtaining and
maintaining any applicable tax and/or regulatory approvals, registrations,
filings or other requirements that may apply in connection with the
Restricted Stock Units in Malta, and that the Company has no responsibility
in connection with any such obligations or requirements in Malta.
                                            
  2022 Proxy Statement    A-26    AppLovin  
                                            
