                                                                   
                           UNITED STATES                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                      Washington, D.C. 20549                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                           SCHEDULE 14A                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
         PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE          
                                                                   
                                                                   
                  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                  
                                                                   
Filed by the Registrant ☒

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐

Check the appropriate box:
                                                                   
  ☐    Preliminary Proxy Statement                                 
  ☐    Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted  
       by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))                                        
  ☒    Definitive Proxy Statement                                  
  ☐    Definitive Additional Materials                             
  ☐    Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12                       
                                                                   
                                                    
  AppLovin Corporation                              
  (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)  
                                                    
Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply):
                                                                   
  ☒    No fee required                                             
  ☐    Fee paid previously with preliminary materials              
  ☐    Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b)     
       per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11                 
                                                                   
                                                     
  1100 Page Mill Road | Palo Alto, California 94304  
                                                     
                                                                   
  Notice                                                           
  of                                                               
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  of                                                               
  Stock…                                                           
  Dear                                                             
  Stock…                                                           
  of                                                               
  AppLo…                                                           
  Corpo…                                                           
  We                                                               
  cordi…                                                           
  invite                                                           
  you to                                                           
  attend                                                           
  the                                                              
  2024                                                             
  annual                                                           
  meeti…                                                           
  of                                                               
  stock…                                                           
  (the                                                             
  “Annu…                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  of                                                               
  AppLo…                                                           
  Corpo…                                                           
  a                                                                
  Delaw…                                                           
  corpo…                                                           
  to be                                                            
  held                                                             
  on                                                               
  Wedne…                                                           
  June                                                             
  5,                                                               
  2024                                                             
  at                                                               
  10:00                                                            
  a.m.                                                             
  Pacif…                                                           
  Time.                                                            
  The                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  will                                                             
  be                                                               
  condu…                                                           
  virtu…                                                           
  via                                                              
  live                                                             
  audio                                                            
  webca…                                                           
  You                                                              
  will                                                             
  be                                                               
  able                                                             
  to                                                               
  attend                                                           
  the                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  virtu…                                                           
  by                                                               
  visit…                                                           
  where                                                            
  you                                                              
  will                                                             
  be                                                               
  able                                                             
  to                                                               
  listen                                                           
  to the                                                           
  meeti…                                                           
  live,                                                            
  submit                                                           
  quest…                                                           
  and                                                              
  vote                                                             
  onlin…                                                           
  Wheth…                                                           
  or not                                                           
  you                                                              
  attend                                                           
  the                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  it is                                                            
  impor…                                                           
  that                                                             
  your                                                             
  shares                                                           
  be                                                               
  repre…                                                           
  and                                                              
  voted                                                            
  at the                                                           
  meeti…                                                           
  There…                                                           
  we                                                               
  urge                                                             
  you to                                                           
  promp…                                                           
  vote                                                             
  and                                                              
  submit                                                           
  your                                                             
  proxy                                                            
  via                                                              
  the                                                              
  Inter…                                                           
  by                                                               
  telep…                                                           
  or by                                                            
  mail.                                                            
  We are                                                           
  holdi…                                                           
  the                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  for                                                              
  the                                                              
  follo…                                                           
  purpo…                                                           
  as                                                               
  more                                                             
  fully                                                            
  descr…                                                  Time     
  in the                                                  10:00    
  accom…                           Date                   a.m.     
  proxy                            June 5,    MEETING     Pacific  
  state…                           2024       DETAILS     Time     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                   Locati…                         
                                   www.vi…                         
                                   com/AP…                         
                       YOUR                                        
                       VOTE IS                                     
                       IMPORTA…                                    
                       Whether                                     
                       or not                                      
                       you plan                                    
                       to                                          
                       attend                                      
                       the                                         
                       Annual                                      
                       Meeting,                                    
                       we urge                                     
                       you to                                      
                       submit                                      
                       your                                        
                       vote via                                    
                       the                                         
                       Interne…                                    
                       telepho…                                    
                       or mail                                     
                       as soon                                     
                       as                                          
                       possible                                    
                       to                                          
                       ensure                                      
                       your                                        
                       shares                                      
                       are                                         
                       represe…                                    
                       For                                         
                       additio…                                    
                       instruc…                                    
                       on                                          
                       voting                                      
                       by                                          
                       telepho…                                    
                       or the                                      
                       Interne…                                    
                       please                                      
                       refer to                                    
                       your                                        
                       proxy                                       
                       card.                                       
                       Returni…                                    
                       the                                         
                       proxy                                       
                       does not                                    
                       deprive                                     
                       you of                                      
                       your                                        
                       right to                                    
                       attend                                      
                       the                                         
                       Annual                                      
                       Meeting                                     
                       and to                                      
                       vote                                        
                       your                                        
                       shares                                      
                       at the                                      
                       Annual                                      
                       Meeting.                                    
  Propo…                                                           
            To                                                     
            elect                                                  
            nine                                                   
            direct…                                                
            to                                                     
            serve                                                  
            until                                                  
            the                                                    
            next                                                   
            annual                                                 
  1         meeting                                                
            of                                                     
            stockh…                                                
            and                                                    
            until                                                  
            their                                                  
            succes…                                                
            are                                                    
            duly                                                   
            elected                                                
            and                                                    
            qualif…                                                
            To                                                     
            ratify                                                 
            the                                                    
            appoin…                                                
            of                                                     
            Deloit…                                                
            &                                                      
            Touche                                                 
            LLP as                                                 
            our                                                    
            indepe…                                                
  2         regist…                                                
            public                                                 
            accoun…                                                
            firm                                                   
            for our                                                
            fiscal                                                 
            year                                                   
            ending                                                 
            Decemb…                                                
            31,                                                    
            2024;                                                  
            and                                                    
            To                                                     
            transa…                                                
            such                                                   
            other                                                  
            busine…                                                
            as may                                                 
            proper…                                                
            come                                                   
  3         before                                                 
            the                                                    
            Annual                                                 
            Meeting                                                
            or any                                                 
            adjour…                                                
            or                                                     
            postpo…                                                
            thereo…                                                
  Our                                                              
  Board                                                            
  of                                                               
  Direc…                                                           
  has                                                              
  fixed                                                            
  the                                                              
  close                                                            
  of                                                               
  busin…                                                           
  onApr…                                                           
  11,                                                              
  2024                                                             
  as                                                               
  the                                                              
  record                                                           
  date                                                             
  for                                                              
  the                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  Stock…                                                           
  of                                                               
  record                                                           
  on                                                               
  April                                                            
  11,                                                              
  2024a…                                                           
  entit…                                                           
  to                                                               
  notice                                                           
  of and                                                           
  to                                                               
  vote                                                             
  at the                                                           
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  Furth…                                                           
  infor…                                                           
  regar…                                                           
  voting                                                           
  rights                                                           
  and                                                              
  the                                                              
  matte…                                                           
  to be                                                            
  voted                                                            
  upon                                                             
  is                                                               
  prese…                                                           
  in the                                                           
  accom…                                                           
  proxy                                                            
  state…                                                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporationi2024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
The accompanying proxy statement and our annual report can be
accessed by visiting: www.proxyvote.com . You will be asked to
enter the 16-digit control number located on your proxy card.

This notice and the accompanying proxy statement are being made
available to stockholders on April 23, 2024.

By order of the Board of Directors,
                                                                   
  Adam Foroughi                                                    
                                                                   
Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Chairperson of the Board

Palo Alto, California

April 23, 2024
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporationii2024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                            
  NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING                               i  
  GENERAL INFORMATION                                    1  
  BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE            8  
  Nominees for Director                                 10  
  Director Independenceand Controlled Company           19  
  Exemption                                                 
  Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Lead       20  
  Independent Director                                      
  Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process               20  
  Board Committees                                      22  
  Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings          24  
  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider         24  
  Participation                                             
  Boardof DirectorsEvaluations                          25  
  Voting Structure and Voting Agreement                 25  
  Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees        25  
  Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the    26  
  Board of Directors                                        
  Communications with the Board of Directors            27  
  Corporate Governanceand ESG                           28  
  Director Compensation                                 31  
  PROPOSAL NO. 1- Election of Directors                 35  
  AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT                                36  
  PROPOSALNO. 2- Ratification of Appointment of         37  
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm             
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                                    39  
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                40  
  Compensation Discussion and Analysis                  40  
  Executive Summary                                     40  
  Compensation Philosophy                               42  
                                                            
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporationiii2024 Proxy Statement                      
                                                                   
                                                          
  Executive Compensation Policies and Practices       43  
  Our Compensation-Setting Process                    44  
  Elements of Executive Pay and 2023Compensation      47  
  Other Compensation Information                      52  
  Employment Arrangements                             52  
  Post-Employment Compensation                        53  
  Compensation Risk Assessment                        54  
  Compensation Committee Report                       54  
  Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2023     55  
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2023                 56  
  Outstanding Equity Awards at 2023Year-End           57  
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2023           58  
  Potential Payments on Termination or Change in      59  
  Control                                                 
  Pay Versus Performance                              62  
  CEO Pay Ratio                                       65  
  EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION                66  
  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS     67  
  AND MANAGEMENT                                          
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED PARTY AND OTHER      71  
  TRANSACTIONS                                            
  OTHER MATTERS                                       74  
  APPENDIX A                                         A-1  
                                                          
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporationiv2024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
AppLovin Corporation Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders

General Information

This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy are furnished
in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of
Directors for use at the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders of
AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“we”, “our”, “us”,
the “company” or “AppLovin”), and any postponements, adjournments
or continuations thereof.
                                                                   
                  Time                                             
  Date            10:00 a.m. Pacific       Location                
  June 5, 2024    Time                     www.virtualshareholde…  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
The Annual Meeting will be conducted virtually via live audio
webcast. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually by
visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2024 , where you will
be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions and vote
online. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the
“Notice”) containing instructions on how to access this proxy
statement and our annual report is first being mailed on or about
April 23, 2024 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual
Meeting. The proxy materials and our 2023 annual report can be
accessed by following the instructions in the Notice.

The information provided in the “question and answer” format below
is for your convenience only and is merely a summary of the
information contained in this proxy statement. You should read this
entire proxy statement carefully. Information contained on, or that
can be accessed through, our website is not intended to be
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement and references
to our website address in this proxy statement are inactive textual
references only. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock
are collectively referred to in this proxy statement as our “common
stock.”
                                                                   
  What matters am I voting on?                                     
                                                                   
You are being asked to vote on:

• the election of nine directors to serve until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected
and qualified;

• a proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as
our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal
year ending December 31, 2024; and

• any other business as may properly come before the Annual
Meeting.

How does the Board of Directors recommend I vote on these
proposals?

Our Board of Directors recommends a vote:

• “FOR” the election of each director nominee named in this proxy
statement; and
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation12024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
• “FOR” the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche
LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our
fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

How many votes are needed for approval of each proposal?

• Proposal No. 1: Each director is elected by a plurality of the
votes of the shares present virtually or represented by proxy at
the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors at
the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no
effect on the outcome of the vote. “Plurality” means that the nine
nominees who receive the largest number of votes cast “For” such
nominees are elected as directors. As a result, any shares not
voted “For” a particular nominee (whether as a result of a withhold
vote or a broker non-vote) will not be counted in such nominee’s
favor and will have no effect on the outcome of the election. You
may vote “For” or “Withhold” on each of the nominees for election
as a director.

• Proposal No. 2: The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte &
Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for
our fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, requires the affirmative
“For” vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of our
common stock present virtually or represented by proxy at the
Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to be approved. You may
vote “For,” “Against,” or “Abstain” with respect to this proposal.
Abstentions are considered shares present and entitled to vote on
this proposal, and thus, will have the same effect as a vote
“Against” this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on
the outcome of this proposal.
                                                                   
  Who is entitled to vote?                                         
                                                                   
Holders of our Class A and Class B common stock as of the close of
business on April 11, 2024, the record date for the Annual Meeting,
may vote at the Annual Meeting. As of the record date, there were
273,919,051 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding and
55,042,821 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding. Our
Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote as a single
class on all matters described in this proxy statement for which
your vote is being solicited. Stockholders are not permitted to
cumulate votes with respect to the election of directors. Each
share of Class A common stock is entitled to one (1) vote on each
proposal and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to
twenty (20) votes on each proposal.

Registered Stockholders. If shares of our common stock are
registered directly in your name with our transfer agent,
Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are considered the
stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and the Notice
was provided to you directly by us. As the stockholder of record,
you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to the
individuals listed on the proxy card or to vote live at the Annual
Meeting. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to these
registered stockholders as “stockholders of record.”

Street Name Stockholders. If shares of our common stock are held on
your behalf in a brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee,
you are considered to be the beneficial owner of shares that are
held in “street name,” and the Notice was forwarded to you by your
broker or nominee, who is considered the stockholder of record with
respect to those shares. As the beneficial owner, you have the
right to direct your broker, bank, or other nominee as to how to
vote your shares. Beneficial owners are also invited to attend the
Annual Meeting. However, since a beneficial owner is not the
stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares of our common
stock live at the Annual Meeting unless you follow your broker’s
procedures for obtaining a legal proxy. If you request a printed
copy of our proxy materials by mail, your broker, bank, or other
nominee will provide a voting instruction form for you to use.
Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to stockholders who hold
their shares through a broker, bank, or other nominee as “street
name stockholders.”
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation22024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
Are a certain number of shares required to be present at the Annual
Meeting?

A quorum is the minimum number of shares required to be present at
the Annual Meeting to properly hold an annual meeting of
stockholders and conduct business under our amended and restated
bylaws and Delaware law. The presence, virtually or by proxy, of a
majority of the voting power of all issued and outstanding shares
of our common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will
constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions, withhold
votes, and broker non-votes are counted as shares present and
entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum.
                                                                   
  How do I vote?                                                   
                                                                   
If you are a stockholder of record, there are several ways to vote:
                                                                   
  Internet                                          Virtual        
  Vote by                                           Meeting        
  Internet                                          Vote by        
  prior to the                                      attending the  
  Annual          Phone                             Annual         
  Meeting         Vote by          Mail             Meeting by     
  atwww.proxy…    toll-free        Vote by          visitingwww.…  
  24 hours a      telephone at     completing       shareholderm…  
  day, seven      1-800-690-69…    and mailing      .com/APP2024,  
  days a week,    until 11:59      your proxy       where you may  
  until 11:59     p.m. Eastern     card (if you     vote and       
  p.m. Eastern    Time on June     received         submit         
  Time on June    4, 2024 (have    printed proxy    questions      
  4, 2024         your Notice      materials);      during the     
  (have your      or proxy card    or               meeting        
  Notice or       in hand when                      (please have   
  proxy card      you call);                        your Notice    
  in hand when                                      or proxy card  
  you visit                                         in hand when   
  the                                               you visit the  
  website);                                         website).      
                                                                   
Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we recommend that
you also vote by proxy so that your vote will be counted if you
later decide not to attend the Annual Meeting.

If you are a street name stockholder, you will receive voting
instructions from your broker, bank, or other nominee. You must
follow the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank, or
other nominee in order to direct your broker, bank, or other
nominee on how to vote your shares. Street name stockholders should
generally be able to vote by returning a voting instruction form,
or by telephone or on the Internet. However, the availability of
telephone and Internet voting will depend on the voting process of
your broker, bank, or other nominee. As discussed above, if you are
a street name stockholder, you may not vote your shares live at the
Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker,
bank, or other nominee.

How may my brokerage firm or other intermediary vote my shares if I
fail to provide timely directions?

Brokerage firms and other intermediaries holding shares of our
common stock in street name for their customers are generally
required to vote such shares in the manner directed by their
customers. In the absence of timely directions, your broker will
have discretion to vote your shares on our sole “routine” matter:
the proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as
our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal
year
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation32024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
ending December 31, 2024. Your broker will not have discretion to
vote on any other proposals, which are “non-routine” matters,
absent direction from you (and failure to provide instructions on
these matters will result in a “broker non-vote”).
                                                                   
  Can I change my vote?                                            
                                                                   
Yes. If you are a stockholder of record, you can change your vote
or revoke your proxy any time before the Annual Meeting by:

• entering a new vote by Internet or by telephone;

• completing and returning a later-dated proxy card; or

• notifying the Corporate Secretary of AppLovin Corporation, in
writing, at AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto,
California 94304.

You may also change your vote by attending and voting at the Annual
Meeting (although attendance at the Annual Meeting will not, by
itself, revoke a proxy).

If you are a street name stockholder, your broker, bank, or other
nominee can provide you with instructions on how to change your
vote.

What do I need to do to attend the Annual Meeting?

You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually, submit
your questions during the meeting and vote your shares
electronically at the meeting by visit ing
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2024. T o participate in the
Annual Meeting, you will need the control number included on your
Notice or proxy card. As discussed above, if you are a street name
stockholder, you may not vote your shares live at the Annual
Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank, or
other nominee. The Annual Meeting webcast will begin promptly at
10:00 a.m. Pacific Time. We encourage you to access the meeting
prior to the start time. Online check-in will begin at 9:45 a.m.
Pacific Time, and you should allow ample time for the check-in
procedures.
                                                                   
  Why are we holding a meeting virtually?                          
                                                                   
We are leveraging technology to hold a virtual Annual Meeting that
expands convenient access to, and enables participation by,
stockholders from any location around the world. We believe the
virtual format encourages attendance and participation by a broader
group of stockholders, while also reducing the costs and
environmental impact associated with an in-person meeting. You will
be able to vote and submit your questions during the meeting at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2024. Our virtual Annual
Meeting will be governed by our rules of conduct and procedures,
which will be posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2024
on the date of the Annual Meeting. We have designed the format of
the virtual Annual Meeting so that stockholders have the same
rights and opportunities to vote and participate as they would have
at a physical meeting. Stockholders will be able to submit
questions online during the meeting, providing our stockholders
with the opportunity for meaningful engagement with the Company.
                                                                   
  What is the effect of giving a proxy?                            
                                                                   
Proxies are solicited by and on behalf of our Board of Directors.
Adam Foroughi, Matthew Stumpf, and Victoria Valenzuela have been
designated as proxy holders by our Board of Directors. When proxies
are properly dated, executed, and returned, the shares represented
by such proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation42024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
with the instructions of the stockholder. If the proxy is dated and
signed, but no specific instructions are given, the shares will be
voted in accordance with the recommendations of our Board of
Directors as described above. If any matters not described in this
proxy statement are properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the
proxy holders will use their own judgment to determine how to vote
the shares. If the Annual Meeting is adjourned, the proxy holders
can vote the shares on the new Annual Meeting date as well, unless
you have properly revoked your proxy, as described above.

Why did I receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials instead of a full set of proxy materials?

In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”), we have elected to furnish our proxy materials,
including this proxy statement and our annual report, primarily via
the Internet. The Notice containing instructions on how to access
our proxy materials is first being mailed on or about April 23,
2024 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting.

Stockholders may request to receive all future proxy materials in
printed form by mail or electronically by e-mail by following the
instructions contained in the Notice. We encourage stockholders to
take advantage of the availability of our proxy materials on the
Internet to help reduce the environmental impact and cost of our
annual meetings of stockholders.
                                                                   
  How are proxies solicited for the Annual Meeting?                
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors is soliciting proxies for use at the Annual
Meeting. All expenses associated with this solicitation will be
borne by us. We will reimburse brokers or other nominees for
reasonable expenses that they incur in sending our proxy materials
to you if a broker, bank, or other nominee holds shares of our
common stock on your behalf. In addition, our directors and
employees may also solicit proxies by telephone, by electronic
communication or by other means of communication. Our directors and
employees will not be paid any additional compensation for
soliciting proxies.
                                                                   
   Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting?      
                                                                   
We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting.
We will also disclose voting results on a Current Report on Form
8-K that we will file with the SEC within four business days after
the Annual Meeting. If final voting results are not available to us
in time to file a Form 8-K within four business days after the
Annual Meeting, we will file a Form 8-K to publish preliminary
results and will provide the final results in an amendment to the
Form 8-K as soon as they become available.

I share an address with another stockholder, and we received only
one paper copy of the proxy materials. How may I obtain an
additional copy of the proxy materials?

We have adopted a procedure called “householding,” which the SEC
has approved. Under this procedure, we deliver a single copy of the
Notice and, if applicable, our proxy materials, to multiple
stockholders who share the same address, unless we have received
contrary instructions from one or more of such stockholders. This
procedure reduces our printing costs, mailing costs, and fees.
Stockholders who participate in householding will continue to be
able to access and receive separate proxy cards. Upon written or
oral request, we will deliver promptly a separate copy of the
Notice and, if applicable, our proxy materials, to any stockholder
at a shared address to which we delivered a single copy of any of
these materials. To receive a separate copy, or, if a stockholder
is receiving multiple
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation52024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
copies, to request that we only send a single copy of the Notice
and, if applicable, our proxy materials, such stockholder may
contact us at:
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                  Attention: Corporate Secretary                   
                        1100 Page Mill Road                        
                    Palo Alto, California 94304                    
                          (800) 839-9646                           
Street name stockholders may contact their broker, bank, or other
nominee to request information about householding.

What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next
year’s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to
serve as directors?
                                                                   
  Stockholder Proposals                                            
                                                                   
Stockholders may present proper proposals for inclusion in our
proxy statement and for consideration at next year’s annual meeting
of stockholders by submitting their proposals in writing to our
Corporate Secretary in a timely manner. For a stockholder proposal
to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2025
annual meeting of stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must
receive the written proposal at our principal executive offices not
later than December 24, 2024. In addition, stockholder proposals
must comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) regarding the
inclusion of stockholder proposals in company-sponsored proxy
materials. Stockholder proposals should be addressed to:
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                  Attention: Corporate Secretary                   
                       1100 Page Mill Road,                        
                    Palo Alto, California 94304                    
                          (800) 839-9646                           
Our amended and restated bylaws also establish an advance notice
procedure for stockholders who wish to present a proposal before an
annual meeting of stockholders but do not intend for the proposal
to be included in our proxy statement. Our amended and restated
bylaws provide that the only business that may be conducted at an
annual meeting of stockholders is business that is (i) specified in
our proxy materials with respect to such annual meeting, (ii)
otherwise properly brought before such annual meeting by or at the
direction of our Board of Directors, (iii) properly brought before
such annual meeting as may be provided in the certificate of
designations for any class or series of preferred stock, or (iv)
properly brought before such meeting by a stockholder who (A) is a
stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice
contemplated by our amended and restated bylaws; (B) is a
stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to notice of the annual meeting; (C) is a
stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting; (D) is a
stockholder of record at the time of the annual meeting; and (E)
complies with the procedures set forth in our amended and restated
bylaws, including delivering timely written notice to our Corporate
Secretary, which notice must contain the information specified in
our amended and restated bylaws. To be timely for the 2025 annual
meeting of stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must receive the
written notice at our principal executive offices:

• no earlier than 8:00 a.m., Pacific time, on February 5, 2025; and

• no later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on March 7, 2025.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation62024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
In the event that we hold the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders
more than 25 days from the one-year anniversary of the Annual
Meeting, a notice of a stockholder proposal that is not intended to
be included in our proxy statement must be received no earlier than
8:00 a.m., Pacific time, on the 120th day prior to the day of the
2025 annual meeting of stockholders and no later than 5:00 p.m.,
Pacific time, on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to the day of
the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders and (ii) if the first
public announcement of the date of the 2025 annual meeting is less
than 100 days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th
day following the day on which public announcement of the date of
the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders is first made by us.

Unless otherwise required by law, if a stockholder who has notified
us of his, her, or its intention to present a proposal at an annual
meeting of stockholders does not appear to present his, her, or its
proposal at such annual meeting, we are not required to present the
proposal for a vote at such annual meeting.

Recommendation or Nomination of Director Candidates

Stockholders who have continuously held 1% of our fully diluted
capitalization for at least 12 months prior to the submission of
their recommendation may recommend director candidates for
consideration by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Any such recommendations should include the candidate’s name, home
and business contact information, detailed biographical data,
relevant qualifications, a signed letter from the candidate
confirming willingness to serve, information regarding any
relationships between the candidate and the company and evidence of
the recommending stockholder’s ownership of the company’s capital
stock and should be directed to our Chief Legal Officer and
Corporate Secretary at the address set forth above. For additional
information regarding stockholder recommendations for director
candidates, see the section titled “Board of Directors and
Corporate Governance—Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to
the Board of Directors”on page 26.

In addition, our amended and restated bylaws permit stockholders to
nominate directors for election at an annual meeting of
stockholders. To nominate a director, the stockholder must provide
the information required by our amended and restated bylaws. Any
notice of director nomination submitted must include the additional
information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. In
addition, the stockholder must give timely notice to our Corporate
Secretary in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws,
which, in general, require that the notice be received by our
Corporate Secretary within the time periods described above under
the section titled “Stockholder Proposals,” on page 6 for
stockholder proposals that are not intended to be included in a
proxy statement.
                                                                   
  Availability of Bylaws                                           
                                                                   
A copy of our amended and restated bylaws is available via our
website at www.investors.applovin.com and the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov. You may also contact our Corporate Secretary at the
address set forth above for a copy of the relevant bylaw provisions
regarding the requirements for making stockholder proposals and
nominating director candidates.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation72024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
Board of Directors and Corporate Governance

Our business affairs are managed under the direction of our Board
of Directors. Our Board of Directors currently consists of nine (9)
directors, five (5) of whom qualify as “independent” under the
corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. At each annual meeting
of stockholders, directors will be elected for a one-year term and
until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

The following charts provide summary information about our director
nominees with respect to independence, diversity, and tenure.
                                                             
  Board Diversity Matrix (As of April 23,                    
  2024)                                                      
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Board Size:                                                
  Total Number of Directors                       9          
  Part I: Gender Identity                    Female    Male  
  Directors                                       3       6  
  Part II: Demographic Background                            
  African American or Black                       1       0  
  Asian                                           0       1  
  Hispanic or Latinx                              0       1  
  White                                           2       4  
                                                             
                                                 
  Gender    Ethnicity    Tenure    Independence  
                                                 
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation82024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Board Skills Matrix                                              
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors and the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee believe the skills, experience and diversity of
backgrounds of our directors provide us with a diverse range of
perspectives to provide effective oversight effectively address our
evolving needs and represent the best interests of our
stockholders.
                                                                   
        Bo…                                                        
        Me…                                                        
  K…    Ad…    Cr…    He…    Ma…    Al…    Ba…    T…    Ed…    E…  
  S…    Fo…    Bi…    Ch…    Ge…    Ha…    Me…    M…    Ob…    V…  
                                    Da…                            
  C…    ■      ■      ■      ■                                 ■   
  E…                                                               
  O…    ■      ■      ■      ■      ■      ■      ■            ■   
  E…                                                               
  M…                                                               
  &     ■      ■             ■             ■      ■     ■      ■   
  D…                                                               
  M…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  &     ■                    ■                    ■            ■   
  A…                                                               
  P…           ■      ■      ■      ■      ■      ■                
  C…                                                               
  C…                         ■      ■                              
  S…                                                               
  F…                                                               
  &            ■      ■      ■      ■             ■     ■          
  A…                                                               
  R…                                                               
  M…                                                               
  &            ■             ■      ■             ■                
  C…                                                               
  G…                                                               
  L…                                                               
  a…                                ■                              
  R…                                                               
  D…    ■                    ■      ■                              
  P…                                                               
  M…                                                               
  &                                                                
  A…    ■      ■      ■      ■      ■      ■      ■     ■      ■   
  /                                                                
  S…                                                               
  T…                                                               
  I…    ■      ■             ■      ■      ■      ■            ■   
  O…                                                               
  H…                                                               
  C…                                                               
  &     ■                    ■             ■                   ■   
  T…                                                               
  D…                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation92024 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Nominees for Director                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                               Mr. Foroughi is     
                                               one of our          
                                               co-founders and     
                                               has served as our   
                                               Chief Executive     
                                               Officer and a       
                                               member of our       
                                               Board of Directors  
                                               since December      
                                               2011.               
                                               He was designated   
                                               as Chairperson of   
                                               our Board of        
                                               Directors in March  
                                               2021. He            
                                               previously          
                                               co-founded two      
                                               advertising         
                                               technology          
                                               companies,          
                                               Lifestreet Media    
                                               Inc. and Social     
                                               Hour Inc. Mr.       
                                               Foroughi holds a    
                                               B.A. in Business    
                                               Administration      
                                               from the            
                                               University of       
                                               California,         
                                               Berkeley.           
                        Qualifications                             
                        Mr. Foroughi was                           
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of his deep                                
                        industry knowledge                         
                        and the vision and                         
                        experience he                              
                        brings as our Chief                        
                        Executive Officer                          
                        and co-founder.                            
  Adam Foroughi                                                    
  Chairperson of the                                               
  Board and Chief                                                  
  Executive Officer                                                
  Age:43                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2011                                                       
  Committees:None                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation102024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                   Mr. Billings has served as a    
                                   member of our Board of          
                                   Directors since December 2020   
                                   and as our Lead Independent     
                                   Director since February 2021.   
                                   Mr. Billings has served as      
                                   Chief Executive Officer and a   
                                   member of the board of          
                                   directors of Wynn Resorts,      
                                   Limited(NYSE: WYNN), a          
                                   developer and operator of       
                                   hotels and casinos, since       
                                   February 2022. Prior to         
                                   February 2022, Mr. Billings     
                                   served as the Chief Financial   
                                   Officer and Treasurer of Wynn   
                                   Resorts from March 2017 to      
                                   January 2022 and as President   
                                   from May 2019 to May 2021. He   
                                   has also served as a            
                                   Non-Executive Director of Wynn  
                                   Macau, Limited, a majority      
                                   owned subsidiary of Wynn        
                                   Resorts since August 2018.      
                                   From December 2015 to January   
                                   2018, Mr. Billings served as    
                                   Non-Executive Chairman of NYX   
                                   Gaming Group Ltd., a developer  
                                   of digital gaming systems       
                                   which was acquired by           
                                   Scientific Games Corporation    
                                   in January 2018. Mr. Billings   
                                   has been a Certified Public     
                                   Accountant since 1999. He       
                                   holds a B.S. in Business        
                                   Administration from the         
                                   University of Nevada, Las       
                                   Vegas and an M.B.A. from        
                                   Columbia Business School.       
                                   Qualifications                  
  Craig Billings                                                   
  Lead Independent Director                                        
  Age:51                                                           
  Director Since:2020                                              
  Committees:Compensation                                          
  (Chair); Audit                                                   
                                   Mr. Billings was selected to    
                                   serve on our Board of           
                                   Directors because of his        
                                   significant operational         
                                   experience as a public-company  
                                   CEO, his deep financial         
                                   expertise, and his industry     
                                   knowledge.                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation112024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                              Mr. Chen has served  
                                              as a member of our   
                                              Board of Directors   
                                              since August 2018.   
                                              Mr. Chen previously  
                                              served as            
                                              AppLovin’s           
                                              President and Chief  
                                              Financial Officer    
                                              from November 2019   
                                              to December 2023.    
                                              Prior to joining     
                                              us, he served as     
                                              the head of          
                                              Technology, Media    
                                              and Telecom at       
                                              Kohlberg Kravis      
                                              Roberts & Co. L.P.   
                                              (together with its   
                                              affiliates, KKR)     
                                              (NYSE: KKR), an      
                                              investment firm      
                                              that manages         
                                              multiple             
                                              alternative asset    
                                              classes, from 2007   
                                              to 2019, having      
                                              previously worked    
                                              for the firm from    
                                              1995 to 1997. He     
                                              also currently       
                                              serves on the board  
                                              of directors of      
                                              GoDaddy, Inc.        
                                              (NYSE: GDDY), an     
                                              online solutions     
                                              provider, and        
                                              Internet Brands      
                                              Inc., an integrated  
                                              digital media and    
                                              software services    
                                              company. Mr. Chen    
                                              holds a B.S. in      
                                              Economics (Finance)  
                                              and a B.S.E. in      
                                              Mechanical           
                                              Engineering from     
                                              the University of    
                                              Pennsylvania and an  
                                              M.B.A. from the      
                                              Stanford University  
                                              Graduate School of   
                                              Business.            
                                              Qualifications       
  Herald Chen                                                      
  Director and                                                     
  Advisor to CEO                                                   
  Age:54                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2018                                                       
  Committees:None                                                  
                        Mr. Chen was                               
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of his extensive                           
                        operating and                              
                        management                                 
                        experience, his                            
                        financial acumen                           
                        and his knowledge                          
                        of technology                              
                        companies and his                          
                        experience serving                         
                        on the boards of                           
                        directors of other                         
                        public and private                         
                        technology                                 
                        companies.                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation122024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                   Ms. Georgiadis has served as a  
                                   member of our Board of          
                                   Directors since January 2021.   
                                   Ms. Georgiadis currently        
                                   serves  as Co-Founder and CEO   
                                   of Montai Health, and as        
                                   CEO-Partner of Flagship         
                                   Pioneering Inc., a bioplatform  
                                   innovation company, since       
                                   April 2022. She previously      
                                   served as an Endurance          
                                   Partner-in-Residence at         
                                   General Catalyst, a venture     
                                   capital firm, from January      
                                   2021 to April 2022. From May    
                                   2018 to December 2020, she      
                                   served as President and Chief   
                                   Executive Officer of            
                                   Ancestry.com LLC, a global      
                                   family history and consumer     
                                   genomics company. Prior to      
                                   Ancestry, from February 2017    
                                   to May 2018, Ms. Georgiadis     
                                   served as Chief Executive       
                                   Officer of Mattel, Inc.         
                                   (NASDAQ: MAT), a global         
                                   children’s entertainment        
                                   company specializing in toys    
                                   and consumer products. From     
                                   2009-2017 she served as         
                                   President of Google Americas    
                                   and the Vice President of       
                                   Global Operations. She is an    
                                   experienced public and private  
                                   company board director and      
                                   currently serves on the board   
                                   of directors of McDonald’s      
                                   Corporation (NYSE: MCD) and     
                                   several private companies in    
                                   technology and health           
                                   technology. She holds an A.B.   
                                   from Harvard College and an     
                                   M.B.A. from Harvard Business    
                                   School.                         
                                   Qualifications                  
  Margaret Georgiadis                                              
  Independent Director                                             
  Age:60                                                           
  Director Since:2021                                              
  Committees:Nominating and                                        
  Corporate Governance (Chair);                                    
  Audit                                                            
                                   Ms. Georgiadis was selected to  
                                   serve on our Board of           
                                   Directors because of her        
                                   significant global operational  
                                   experience, her public company  
                                   board experience, and her       
                                   financial expertise.            
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation132024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                   Ms. Harvey Dawson has served    
                                   as a member of our Board of     
                                   Directors since November 2021.  
                                   Ms. Harvey Dawson has served    
                                   as the Chief Legal Officer and  
                                   Corporate Secretary of HubSpot  
                                   (NYSE: HUBS), a leading CRM     
                                   platform, since November 2022,  
                                   where she is responsible for    
                                   overseeing the company’s legal  
                                   and compliance teams. Prior to  
                                   joining HubSpot, she served as  
                                   the Chief Legal Officer of      
                                   Gusto, Inc., a modern HR        
                                   platform, from August 2020 to   
                                   November 2022, and on the       
                                   executive leadership team,      
                                   overseeing the company’s        
                                   legal, compliance and           
                                   government affairs team.        
                                   Previously, from June 2017 to   
                                   July 2020, she was General      
                                   Counsel at Sidewalk Labs, an    
                                   urban innovation subsidiary of  
                                   Alphabet Inc., where, among     
                                   other things, she was           
                                   responsible for developing the  
                                   legal team and data privacy     
                                   strategy. From 2011 to 2017     
                                   she oversaw global IP and       
                                   licensing at HARMAN, a Samsung  
                                   company, as its Vice            
                                   President, Global Intellectual  
                                   Property, and was Associate     
                                   General Counsel at Netflix      
                                   (NASDAQ: NFLX) from 2008 to     
                                   2011. Prior to Sidewalk Labs,   
                                   she held senior legal           
                                   positions with Netflix, and     
                                   Autodesk (NASDAQ: ADSK). Ms.    
                                   Harvey Dawson received her BA,  
                                   cum laude, in Journalism from   
                                   Michigan State University and   
                                   was an Honors College member.   
                                   She received her JD, cum        
                                   laude, from Georgetown          
                                   University Law Center. Ms.      
                                   Harvey Dawson is also a board   
                                   member of Make-A-Wish           
                                   Connecticut and BSA | The       
                                   Software Alliance.              
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                             
  Independent Director                                             
  Age:54                                                           
  Director Since:2021                                              
  Committees:Audit; Nominating                                     
  and Corporate Governance                                         
                                   Qualifications                  
                                   Ms. Harvey Dawson was selected  
                                   to serve on our Board of        
                                   Directors because she has over  
                                   25 years of broad-based legal   
                                   experience and has overseen     
                                   corporate governance,           
                                   corporate, M&A and commercial   
                                   transactions, enterprise risk   
                                   management, compliance, data    
                                   privacy, intellectual           
                                   property, regulatory and        
                                   governmental/public affairs.    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation142024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                            Ms. Messing has        
                                            served as a member of  
                                            our Board of           
                                            Directors since March  
                                            2024.                  
                                            Ms. Messing served as  
                                            Chief Marketing &      
                                            Communications         
                                            Officer at Roblox      
                                            (NYSE: RBLX) from      
                                            August 2020 to         
                                            December 2023. Prior   
                                            to this role, Ms.      
                                            Messing served as      
                                            Senior Vice            
                                            President, Chief       
                                            Marketing Officer of   
                                            Walmart U.S (NYSE:     
                                            WMT) from August 2018  
                                            to August 2019, and    
                                            brought her years of   
                                            experience serving in  
                                            multiple roles         
                                            including Vice         
                                            President and Chief    
                                            Marketing Officer,     
                                            and later Senior Vice  
                                            President and Chief    
                                            Marketing Officer at   
                                            TripAdvisor, Inc.      
                                            (NASDAQ: TRIP) an      
                                            online travel          
                                            company, between 2011  
                                            and 2018. Between      
                                            2002 and 2011, she     
                                            served in a number of  
                                            management positions   
                                            at Hotwire.com, an     
                                            internet-based travel  
                                            agency, including      
                                            Vice President of      
                                            Customer Experience    
                                            and Vice President     
                                            and General Manager,   
                                            Travel Ticker.         
                                            Ms. Messing currently  
                                            serves on the board    
                                            of directors of        
                                            Vacasa (NASDAQ:        
                                            VCSA), a               
                                            publicly-traded        
                                            company with a         
                                            leading platform for   
                                            vacation rental        
                                            management. She        
                                            previously served on   
                                            the board of           
                                            directors of           
                                            Overstock.com, Inc.    
                                            (NYSE: BYON), a        
                                            publicly-traded        
                                            internet retailer,     
                                            and the board of       
                                            directors of           
                                            publicly-traded XO     
                                            Group, Inc., which     
                                            merged with            
                                            WeddingWire in         
                                            December 2018. Ms.     
                                            Messing received her   
                                            B.A. from              
                                            Northwestern           
                                            University and her     
                                            J.D. from Stanford     
                                            Law School.            
  Barbara Messing                                                  
  Independent Director                                             
  Age:52                                                           
  Director Since:2024                                              
  Committees:Compensa…                                             
  Nominating and                                                   
  Corporate Governance                                             
                          Qualifications                           
                                            Ms. Messing was        
                                            selected to serve on   
                                            our Board of           
                                            Directors because of   
                                            her extensive          
                                            experience in both     
                                            management and         
                                            director positions of  
                                            public companies and   
                                            because of her         
                                            experience in online   
                                            platforms and          
                                            marketing.             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation152024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                               Mr. Morgenfeld has  
                                               served as a member  
                                               of our Board of     
                                               Directors since     
                                               September 2023.     
                                               Mr. Morgenfeld      
                                               held pivotal roles  
                                               at Pinterest, Inc.  
                                               (NYSE: PINS),       
                                               including Chief     
                                               Financial Officer   
                                               and Head of         
                                               Business            
                                               Operations from     
                                               November 2016 to    
                                               July 2023. Before   
                                               Pinterest, he left  
                                               his mark at         
                                               Twitter as Vice     
                                               President of        
                                               Finance from 2015   
                                               to 2016 and at      
                                               Hewlett-Packard     
                                               (NYSE: HPQ) as      
                                               Treasurer and       
                                               Senior VP of        
                                               Financial           
                                               Analytics and       
                                               Corporate           
                                               Development from    
                                               2013 to 2015.       
                                               Prior to his role   
                                               at                  
                                               Hewlett-Packard,    
                                               he was an           
                                               investment partner  
                                               at Silver Lake      
                                               Partners from 2004  
                                               to 2013. Mr.        
                                               Morgenfeld          
                                               currently sits on   
                                               the board of        
                                               directors of Urban  
                                               Outfitters, Inc.    
                                               (NASDAQ: URBN), a   
                                               portfolio of        
                                               global consumer     
                                               brands comprising   
                                               Urban Outfitters,   
                                               Anthropologie,      
                                               Free People,        
                                               BHLDN, Terrain,     
                                               Menus & Venues,     
                                               and Nuuly. Mr.      
                                               Morgenfeld          
                                               graduated first in  
                                               his class from the  
                                               United States       
                                               Military Academy    
                                               at West Point and   
                                               holds an M.B.A.     
                                               from Stanford       
                                               University          
                                               Graduate School of  
                                               Business.           
                                               Qualifications      
  Todd Morgenfeld                                                  
  Independent                                                      
  Director                                                         
  Age:52                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2023                                                       
  Committees:Audit                                                 
  (Chair);                                                         
  Compensation                                                     
                        Mr. Morgenfeld was                         
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of his extensive                           
                        operational                                
                        expertise, strong                          
                        background in                              
                        finance and                                
                        insights into                              
                        technology-driven                          
                        enterprises, as                            
                        well as his                                
                        significant                                
                        experience serving                         
                        on the boards of                           
                        other notable                              
                        public and private                         
                        companies.                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation162024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                              Mr. Oberwager has    
                                              served as a member   
                                              of our Board of      
                                              Directors since      
                                              November 2019.       
                                              Mr. Oberwager        
                                              joined KKR (NYSE:    
                                              KKR) in 2008 where   
                                              he is a Partner,     
                                              Private Equity. Mr.  
                                              Oberwager currently  
                                              serves on the board  
                                              of directors of      
                                              several              
                                              privately-held       
                                              companies. Mr.       
                                              Oberwager holds a    
                                              B.A. in Classics     
                                              from Georgetown      
                                              University and an    
                                              M.B.A. from Harvard  
                                              Business School.     
                        Qualifications                             
                        Mr. Oberwager was                          
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of his extensive                           
                        experience as an                           
                        investment                                 
                        professional and                           
                        his experience                             
                        serving on the                             
                        boards of                                  
                        directors of other                         
                        technology                                 
                        companies.                                 
  Edward Oberwager                                                 
  Director                                                         
  Age:39                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2019                                                       
  Committees:None                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation172024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                         Mr. Vivas has served as a member of our   
                         Board of Directors since August 2018.     
                         Mr. Vivas has served as Chief Operating   
                         Officer at Humans, Inc., the developer    
                         of the Flip Shop social shopping app      
                         since March 2024. From August 2017 to     
                         March 2024, he served as the Chief        
                         Executive Officer at Curated, Inc.        
                         (Curated.com), an online outdoor sports   
                         retailer he co-founded. From March 2014   
                         to April 2017, Mr. Vivas served as Head   
                         of Product, Talent Solutions at LinkedIn  
                         Corporation, a business and               
                         employment-oriented online service. He    
                         joined LinkedIn through its acquisition   
                         of Bright.com, an employment website      
                         company he co-founded and served as       
                         Chief Product Officer from October 2011   
                         to February 2014.                         
                         Qualifications                            
  Eduardo Vivas                                                    
  Director                                                         
                         Mr. Vivas was selected to serve on our    
  Age:38                 Board of Directors because of his deep    
  Director Since:2018    industry knowledge and significant        
  Committees:None        operational experience as an executive    
                         with technology companies.                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation182024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Director Independence and Controlled Company Exemption

Under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, independent
directors must comprise a majority of a listed company’s board of
directors. In addition, Nasdaq rules require that, subject to
specified exceptions, each member of a listed company’s audit,
compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees be
independent. Under Nasdaq rules, a director will only qualify as an
“independent director” if, in the opinion of the company’s board of
directors, the director does not have a relationship that would
interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director.

Our Board of Directors has undertaken a review of the independence
of each director. Based on information provided by each director
concerning their background, employment and affiliations, our Board
of Directors has determined that each of Messrs. Billings and
Morgenfeld and Mses. Georgiadis, Harvey Dawson, and Messing do not
have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
director and that each of these directors is “independent” as that
term is defined under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.
In making these determinations, our Board of Directors considered
the current and prior relationships that each non-employee director
has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our
Board of Directors deemed relevant in determining their
independence, including the beneficial ownership of our capital
stock by each non-employee director, and the transactions involving
them described in the section titled “Certain Relationships,
Related Party and Other Transactions” on page 71.

All shares of our Class B common stock are held by Messrs. Foroughi
and Chen and KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”), collectively
with certain affiliated trusts and entities (the “Voting Agreement
Parties”). The Voting Agreement Parties control a majority of the
voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, we are
considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements. Under these rules, a “controlled
company” may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance
requirements, including the requirements that:

• a majority of our Board of Directors consist of independent
directors;

• our Board of Directors have a Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a
written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and
responsibilities;

• our Board of Directors have a Compensation Committee that is
composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter
addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and

• we conduct an annual performance evaluation of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee.

Even though we are a “controlled company,” we are not availing
ourselves of any of the corporate governance accommodations made
available to a “controlled company” as a majority of our Board of
Directors is currently independent, we have a Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation Committee
comprised of entirely independent directors, and we conduct an
annual performance evaluation of each of our Board Committees.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation192024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Lead Independent
Director

Mr. Foroughi currently serves as both the chairperson of our Board
of Directors and as our chief executive officer. As our co-founder,
Mr. Foroughi is best positioned to identify strategic priorities,
lead critical discussion, and execute our business plans.

Our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines
that provide that one of our independent directors should serve as
our lead independent director at any time when the chairperson of
our Board of Directors is not independent. Because Mr. Foroughi is
our chairperson and is not an “independent” director as defined in
Nasdaq’s corporate governance requirements, our Board of Directors
has determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of
stockholders to have a lead independent director to, among other
things, preside over meetings of the independent directors and
reporting to our chief executive officer regarding feedback from
executive sessions. As such, Mr. Billings has been appointed our
lead independent director and presides over periodic meetings of
our independent directors, serves as a liaison between Mr. Foroughi
a nd our independent directors, and performs such additional duties
as our Board of Directors may otherwise determine and delegate. Our
Board of Directors believes that Mr. Billings’ significant
experience as a public company executive, including as a chief
executive officer and formerly a chief financial officer, positions
him to provide valuable financial and operational expertise that
helps ensure strong and independent oversight and effective
collaboration among our directors.

Our independent directors meet regularly in executive sessions
without employee directors or management present following our
regularly scheduled meetings and often as part of our special
meetings. These executive sessions are generally chaired by our
lead independent director, and include discussions and
recommendations regarding guidance to be provided to our chief
executive officer and such topics as the independent directors may
determine.

As a result of the Board of Directors’ committee structure and the
existence of a majority of independent directors, the Board of
Directors believes it maintains effective oversight of our business
operations, including independent oversight of our management,
management’s performance, financial statements, executive
compensation, selection of director candidates, human capital and
organizational health, and environmental, social and corporate
governance matters and programs. We believe that the leadership
structure of our Board of Directors, including Mr. Billings’ role
as lead independent director, is appropriate and enhances our Board
of Directors’ ability to effectively carry out its roles and
responsibilities on behalf of our stockholders as well as the
accountability of management, while Mr. Foroughi’s combined role
enables strong leadership, creates clear accountability, and
enhances our ability to communicate our message and strategy
clearly and consistently to stockholders.
                                                                   
  Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process                          
                                                                   
Risk is inherent with every business, and we face a number of
risks, including strategic, financial, business and operational,
legal and compliance, and reputational, in the pursuit and
achievement of our strategic objectives. We have designed and
implemented processes to manage risk in our operations. Management
is responsible for the day-to-day oversight and management of
strategic, operational, legal and compliance, cybersecurity, and
financial risks, while our Board of Directors, as a whole and
assisted by its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of
our risk management framework, which is designed to identify,
assess, and manage risks to which our company is exposed, as well
as to foster a corporate culture of integrity. Consistent with this
approach, our Board of Directors, directly and through its
committees, regularly reviews our strategic and operational risks
in the context of discussions with management, question and answer
sessions, and reports from the management team and/or its advisors
at each of its regular Board and committee meetings. Our Board of
Directors also receives regular reports on all significant
committee activities at each regular Board meeting, and evaluates
the risks inherent in significant transactions.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation202024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
As part of this approach, our Board of Directors considers both the
materiality of a risk and its immediacy in making strategic
decisions and helping management prioritize resources.

In addition, our Board of Directors has tasked designated standing
committees with oversight of certain categories of risk management.
Our Audit Committee assists our Board of Directors in fulfilling
its oversight responsibilities with respect to risk management in
the areas of internal control over financial reporting and
disclosure controls and procedures, as well as information
security, including cybersecurity, data privacy and protection
matters, legal and regulatory compliance and potential conflicts of
interest. Our Audit Committee also, among other things, discusses
with management and the independent auditor guidelines and policies
with respect to risk assessment and risk management pertaining to
financial, accounting, and tax matters. Our Compensation Committee
assesses risks relating to our executive compensation plans and
arrangements, administers our compensation recovery policy, and
assesses whether our compensation policies and programs have the
potential to encourage excessive risk-taking. Our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee assesses risks relating to our
corporate governance practices, our people, our communities and our
planet (climate change) through our environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) initiatives, the independence of the Board of
Directors, and corporate succession plans for our executive
officers. These committees receive regular updates from the
management team as well as its advisors on various risk topics and
regulatory developments applicable to the Company’s operations and
business, and provide regular reports on our risk management
efforts to the full Board of Directors.

Our Board of Directors and its committees engage outside advisors
and experts from time to time to assist in understanding market
trends, regulatory changes and our risk environment in general. Our
Board of Directors believes its current leadership structure
supports the risk oversight function of the Board of Directors.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation212024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Board Committees                                                 
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors has established three main standing
committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. On April 18, 2024,
the Board approved the below committee reassignments. T he current
composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our
Board of Directors is described below. Subject to the committee
changes set forth in the table immediately below, members will
serve on these committees until their resignation or until as
otherwise determined by our Board of Directors.
                                                                   
                                                Nominating and     
  Director             Audit    Compensation    Corporate          
                                                Governance         
  Adam Foroughi                                                    
  Craig Billings       ●▲       ■                                  
  Herald Chen                                                      
  Margaret             ●▲                       ■                  
  Georgiadis                                                       
  Alyssa Harvey        ●                        ●                  
  Dawson                                                           
  Barbara Messing               ●               ●                  
  Todd Morgenfeld      ■▲       ●                                  
  Edward Oberwager                                                 
  Eduardo Vivas                                                    
  ●Committee                                                       
  member■Committee                                                 
  chair▲Financial                                                  
  expert                                                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Audit Committee                                                  
                                                                   
Each member of our Audit Committee meets the requirements for
independence under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements and
SEC rules and regulations. E ach member of our Audit Committee also
meets the financial literacy and sophistication requirements of the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. In addition, our Board of
Directors has determined that each of Mr. Morgenfeld, Mr. Billings
and Ms. Georgiadis is an audit committee financial expert within
the meaning of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).

Our Audit Committee, among other things:

• reviews with the independent registered public accounting firm
and management the Company’s financial statements, earnings
releases and quarterly and annual reports to be filed with the SEC;

• reviews the effectiveness and results of the Company’s internal
audit procedures;

• selects and oversees a qualified firm to serve as the independent
registered public accounting firm to audit our financial
statements;
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation222024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
• discusses the scope and results of the audit with the independent
registered public accounting firm, and reviews, with management and
the independent registered public accounting firm, our interim and
year-end results of operations;

• develops procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously
about questionable accounting or audit matters;

• oversees the Company’s legal and regulatory compliance policies,
programs and procedures

• oversees the Company’s privacy and cyber security programs;

• oversees the Company’s major risk exposures and meets with
management to ensure each is monitored and reasonably mitigated;

• reviews related party transactions; and

• approves or, as required, pre-approves, all audit and all
permissible non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit
services, to be performed by the independent registered public
accounting firm.

Our Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies
the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements. A copy of the charter for our
Audit Committee is available on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com. During 2023, our Audit Committee held 7
meetings.
                                                                   
  Compensation Committee                                           
                                                                   
Each member of our Compensation Committee meets the requirements
for independence under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements
and SEC rules and regulations, and each member of our Compensation
Committee is a non-employee director, as defined pursuant to Rule
16b-3 of the Exchange Act.

Our Compensation Committee, among other things:

• reviews, approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our
Board of Directors regarding, the compensation of our executive
officers;

• administers our equity compensation plans;

• administers the compensation recovery policy;

• reviews and approves and makes recommendations to our Board of
Directors regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation
plans; and

• establishes and reviews general policies relating to compensation
and benefits of our employees.

Our Compensation Committee operates under a written charter that
satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. A copy of the charter for
our Compensation Committee is available on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com. During 2023, our Compensation Committee
held 7 meetings.
                                                                   
  Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee                    
                                                                   
Each member of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
meets the requirements for independence under the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements and rules and regulations of the SEC.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation232024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, among other
things:

• identifies, evaluates and selects, or makes recommendations to
our Board of Directors regarding, nominees for election to our
Board of Directors and its committees;

• evaluates the performance of our Board of Directors and of
individual directors;

• considers and makes recommendations to our Board of Directors
regarding the composition of our Board of Directors and its
committees;

• reviews developments in corporate governance practices;

• evaluates the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and
reporting;

• oversees our practices with respect to environmental, social and
governance (“ESG”) matters;

• oversees succession planning for our named executive officers;

• oversees strategic management of human capital and organizational
health; and

• develops and makes recommendations to our Board of Directors
regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters.

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a
written charter that satisfies the applicable Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements. A copy of the charter for our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee is available on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com. During 2023, our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee held 5 meetings.
                                                                   
  Ad Hoc Committees                                                
                                                                   
In addition to the standing committees described above, from time
to time, our Board of Directors may designate a committee
consisting of one or more directors on an ad hoc basis, including
for purposes of evaluating and/or approving specific projects or
transactions. Ad hoc committees comprised entirely of independent
directors met 3 times in 2023, all related to our stock repurchase
transactions with KKR Denali Holdings L.P.
                                                                   
  Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings                     
                                                                   
During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, our Board of
Directors held 8 meetings (including regularly scheduled and
special meetings). Our directors attended approximately 99% of the
aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of our Board of
Directors held during the period for which he or she has been a
director and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all
committees of our Board of Directors on which he or she served
during the periods that he or she served.

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by
members of our Board of Directors at annual meetings of
stockholders, our Corporate Governance Guidelines strongly
encourage, but do not require, our directors to attend. All of
AppLovin’s then serving directors were present at the 2023 annual
meeting of stockholders.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of the members of our Compensation Committee is or has been an
officer or employee of AppLovin. None of our executive officers
currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of
the board of directors or compensation committee (or other
committee of the board of directors performing equivalent
functions) of any other
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation242024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
entity that has one of its executive officers serving on our Board
of Directors or Compensation Committee. See the section titled
“Certain Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions” on
page 71 for information about related party transactions involving
members of our Compensation Committee or their affiliates.
                                                                   
  Board of Directors Evaluations                                   
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors, in conjunction with our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, conducts an annual evaluation of
the performance of the Board of Directors as a whole and each of
its standing committees, including an evaluation of the
qualifications of individual members of the Board of Directors and
its committees. The results of the evaluation are reviewed by our
lead independent director and the chair of our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, in partnership with our in-house
legal team. Thereafter, the evaluation results and any
recommendations for improvement are provided to our Board of
Directors and its standing committees by a member of our legal
team. Our Board of Directors and our management work closely to
address any action items that result from this evaluation process.
                                                                   
  Voting Structure and Voting Agreement                            
                                                                   
In connection with our initial public offering, we amended and
restated our certificate of incorporation to create three classes
of authorized common stock. Holders of our Class A common stock are
entitled to one (1) vote for each share held on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders of our Class B common
stock are entitled to twenty (20) votes for each share held on all
matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, and holders of our
Class C common stock are not entitled to vote on any matter that is
submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as otherwise required
by law. There are no shares of our Class C common stock
outstanding. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B
common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise
required by law.

All shares of Class B common stock are held by the Voting Agreement
Parties. The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into a voting
agreement (the “Voting Agreement”) whereby all Class B common stock
held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their respective permitted
entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by
two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be
Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Voting Agreement Parties will
collectively be able to determine or significantly influence any
action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the
election of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of
any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our
assets, or other major corporate transaction. Further, Mr. Chen is
party to an Equity Exchange Right Agreement covering options to
purchase 2,280,201 shares of Class A common stock. The Equity
Exchange Right Agreement provides that Mr. Chen may exchange such
shares, or the shares received upon exercise of such options, as
may be the case, for an equivalent number of shares of our Class B
common stock. For additional information on the voting power of the
Voting Agreement Parties, see the section titled “Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” on page 67.
                                                                   
  Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees                   
                                                                   
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee uses a variety of
methods, including engaging the services of outside consultants and
search firms, to identify and evaluate director nominees. Our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee works with our Board
of Directors to determine the desired qualifications, expertise,
and characteristics of our Board of Directors, including such
factors as business experience and diversity, and with respect to
diversity, such factors as differences in professional background,
education, skill and other individual qualities and attributes that
contribute to the total mix of viewpoints and experience
represented on the Board of Directors.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation252024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
In its evaluation of director candidates, our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and our Board of Directors evaluate
each director in the context of the membership of the Board of
Directors as a group, with the objective of having a group that can
best perpetuate the success of the business and represent
stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using
its diversity of background and experience in the various areas.
Each director should be an individual of high character and
integrity. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-
election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also
considers the director’s past attendance at meetings, participation
in and contributions to the activities of the Board of Directors
and the company, and other qualifications and characteristics set
forth in the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee charter. Some of the qualifications that our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee considers include, without
limitation, issues of character, integrity, judgment, corporate
experience, diversity of experience, background, independence, area
of expertise, length of service, potential conflicts of interest
and other commitments. Nominees must also have the highest personal
and professional ethics and integrity, proven achievement and
competence in the nominee’s field and the ability to exercise sound
business judgment, skills that are complementary to those of the
existing members of the Board of Directors, and the ability to
assist and support management and make significant contributions to
our success. Director candidates must understand the fiduciary
responsibilities that are required of a member of our Board of
Directors and have sufficient time and energy available, in the
judgment of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, to
perform all board of director and applicable committee
responsibilities. Members of our Board of Directors are expected to
prepare for, attend, and participate in all Board of Directors and
applicable committee meetings. Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee may also consider such other factors as it may
deem, from time to time, are in our and our stockholders’ best
interests.

After completing its review and evaluation of director candidates,
including incumbent directors, our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee recommends to our full Board of Directors the
director nominees for selection.

Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the Board of
Directors

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider
director candidates recommended by stockholders who have
continuously held at least one percent (1%) of our fully diluted
capitalization for at least 12 months prior to the date of the
submission of the recommendation, so long as such recommendations
comply with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
amended and restated bylaws, and applicable laws, rules and
regulations, including those promulgated by the SEC. Our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate such
recommendations in accordance with its charter, our amended and
restated bylaws and our policies and procedures for director
candidates, as well as the regular director nominee criteria
described above. This process is designed to ensure that our Board
of Directors includes members with diverse backgrounds, skills, and
experience, including appropriate financial and other expertise
relevant to our business. Eligible stockholders wishing to
recommend a candidate for nomination should contact our Chief Legal
Officer and Corporate Secretary in writing at the address below.
Such recommendations must include the candidate’s name, home and
business contact information, detailed biographical data, relevant
qualifications, a signed letter from the candidate confirming
willingness to serve, information regarding any relationships
between the candidate and the company and evidence of the
recommending stockholder’s ownership of the company’s capital
stock. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has
discretion to decide which individuals to recommend for nomination
as directors.

Under our amended and restated bylaws, stockholders may also
directly nominate persons for our Board of Directors. Any
nomination must comply with the requirements set forth in our
amended and restated bylaws and should be sent in writing to our
Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at AppLovin
Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. Any
notice of director nomination submitted must include the additional
information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. To
be timely for the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, nominations
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation262024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
must be received by our Corporate Secretary observing the same
deadlines for stockholder proposals discussed above on page 6 under
“What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next
year’s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to
serve as directors? – Stockholder Proposals.”

We have entered into a Director Nominations Agreement with KKR
Denali. The Director Nominations Agreement granted KKR Denali the
right to nominate to our Board of Directors one designee (the “KKR
Director”) as long as KKR Denali and its affiliates collectively
beneficially own at least 25% of the shares of the Class B common
stock that KKR Denali held immediately prior to our initial public
offering (the “KKR Nomination Threshold”). In March 2024, in
connection with a secondary offering of Class A common stock by KKR
Denali and our concurrent repurchase of certain shares from the
underwriters in such offering, KKR Denali’s ownership fell below
the KKR Nomination Threshold and, as a result, KKR Denali is not
entitled to nominate a KKR Director. Edward Oberwager has served as
the KKR Director since our initial public offering. While KKR
Denali no longer beneficially owns shares at least equal to the KKR
Nomination Threshold, our Board of Directors and Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee believe that Mr. Oberwager’s
perspective and experience as a director are valuable and therefore
have nominated him for re-election as a director.

Further, for so long as KKR Denali and its affiliates hold at least
5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, one of the
independent candidates selected by the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee for nomination to our Board of Directors shall
be subject to the approval of KKR Denali prior to the nomination of
such candidate for election by our stockholders. Margo Georgiadis
is the independent director currently serving that was approved by
KKR Denali.
                                                                   
  Communications with the Board of Directors                       
                                                                   
Interested parties wishing to communicate with non-management
members of our Board of Directors may do so by writing and mailing
the correspondence to our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
Secretary at AppLovin Corporation, Attn: Chief Legal Officer, 1100
Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. Each communication
should set forth (i) the name and address of the stockholder, as it
appears on our books, and if the shares of our common stock are
held by a nominee, the name and address of the beneficial owner of
such shares, and (ii) the class and number of shares of our common
stock that are owned of record by the record holder and
beneficially by the beneficial owner.

Our Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with appropriate members
of our Board of Directors as necessary, will review all incoming
communications (except for mass mailings, product complaints or
inquiries, job inquiries, business solicitations and patently
offensive or otherwise inappropriate material) and, if appropriate,
will route such communications to the appropriate director(s) or,
if none is specified, to the Chairperson of the Board or the Lead
Independent Director.

This procedure does not apply to (i) communications to non-
management directors from our officers or directors who are
stockholders or (ii) stockholder proposals submitted pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, which are discussed further in
the section titled “What is the deadline to propose actions for
consideration at next year’s annual meeting of stockholders or to
nominate individuals to serve as directors?—Stockholder Proposals”
described on page 6 in this proxy statement.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation272024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Corporate Governance and ESG                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Governance Policies                                              
                                                                   
Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct and Business
Ethics

Our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines
that address items such as the qualifications and responsibilities
of our directors and director candidates, including independence
standards, and corporate governance policies and standards
applicable to us in general. In addition, our Board of Directors
has adopted a Code of Conduct and Business Ethics that applies to
all of our employees, officers and directors, including our Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and other executive and
senior financial officers. The full text of each of our Corporate
Governance Guidelines and our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics
is posted on our website at www.investors.applovin.com. We will
post amendments to our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics or any
waivers of our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics for directors
and executive officers on the same website or in filings under the
Exchange Act.
                                                                   
  Compensation Recovery Policy                                     
                                                                   
In November 2023, our Compensation Committee adopted a Compensation
Recovery (“Clawback”) policy in compliance with Nasdaq and SEC
rules requiring public companies to recover excess incentive-based
compensation from any individual who is or was ever designated an
“officer” by our Board of Directors in accordance with Rule
16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in the
event of an accounting restatement. Consistent with the
requirements, this policy requires that if we are required to
prepare an accounting restatement due to our material noncompliance
with financial reporting requirements, we must clawback from
covered officers any incentive-based compensation received by them
on or after October 2, 2023 and during the applicable covered
period (which generally includes the three completed fiscal years
prior to the restatement date) that was in excess of what they
would have received had their incentive compensation been
determined based on the restated amounts.
                                                                   
  Equity Ownership Guidelines                                      
                                                                   
In November 2023, our Board of Directors adopted Equity Ownership
Guidelines (“Equity Ownership Guidelines”) to further align the
interests of our executive officers and non-employee directors with
the interests of our stockholders. Under the Equity Ownership
Guidelines, all of our executive officers (within the meaning of
the Exchange Act) and all of our non-employee directors are
expected to accumulate and hold Qualifying Equity (as defined in
the Equity Ownership Guidelines) with an aggregate “value” (as
defined in the Equity Ownership Guidelines) equal to at least the
following:

• Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer - 600% of
base salary

• Other executive officers - 300% of base salary

• Non-employee directors - 300% of annual cash retainer for service
on the Board of Directors, excluding any cash retainers for
committee or chair service

Equity holdings that count towards the equity ownership requirement
include shares of our common stock, including Class A and Class B
common stock and including unvested shares of restricted stock, but
not including unexercised stock options or performance-based Full
Value Awards (as defined in the Equity Ownership Guidelines) that
remain subject to performance-based vesting requirements. Shares
held in trust, limited partnerships, or similar entities for the
benefit of the executive officer or non-employee director, or their
families, also count towards the equity ownership requirement.
Additionally, shares held in retirement or deferred compensation
accounts and shares subject to Full-Value Awards, whether vested or
unvested, count towards the equity ownership requirement. The
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation282024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
value of a share is measured as the closing price of a share on the
date the equity ownership is measured in connection with the Equity
Ownership Guidelines (the “Measurement Date”). Similarly, the value
of shares underlying RSUs, performance shares, performance units or
other Full-Value Awards is measured as the closing price of a share
on the Measurement Date.

Our executive officers and non-employee directors generally will
have until the fifth anniversary of the adoption of these
guidelines, or, if later, the fifth anniversary of their first
assuming an executive officer position or non-employee director
position to comply with the equity ownership requirement. The full
text of our Equity Ownership Guidelines is posted on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com. The Equity Ownership Guidelines may be
amended by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee
from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Directors or
the Compensation Committee.

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Initiatives

We are committed to making a meaningful difference in ESG matters
by creating a culture of integrity, belonging, supporting
philanthropic opportunities that matter to our employees, as well
as fostering community partnerships that make a difference.
                                                                   
  Environmental                                                    
                                                                   
As a mobile advertising business that is largely conducted online,
our carbon footprint is smaller than many other types of
businesses, but we still strive to limit our impact on climate
change. Our headquarters in Palo Alto, CA enjoys a Leadership in
Energy and Environmental Design (“LEED”) rating certifying a
healthy, efficient and cost-saving green building, covering the
planning, design, construction and operations of the building. Our
employee-operated cafe is also committed to sourcing local,
sustainable and organic ingredients, has eliminated most single-use
items, and recycles waste whenever possible. We minimize electronic
waste and donate refurbished laptops to community partner
organizations that provide underrepresented children with equipment
that allows them to better access careers in technology, fueling a
pipeline in support of our broader mission. At the same time, our
post-pandemic hybrid work model continues to present opportunities
to reduce our carbon footprint, including, for example,
consolidating underutilized offices and optimizing spaces for in-
person collaboration and promoting recycling, composting and
reduced water usage in all of our offices globally. Our goal is to
limit our impact on climate change and to carry out our business
activities in a sustainable manner.
                                                                   
  Social                                                           
                                                                   
Our social initiatives are reflected in our commitment to a diverse
workforce, a culture of belonging, and community partnerships. Our
diverse employee demographics represent just one measure of our
diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) efforts, which include
building competency among employees, supporting employee resource
groups and regular cultural events honoring diverse backgrounds,
issues and opportunities. Our employee-driven “AppLovin Cares”
program supports philanthropic efforts that address global crises
and local community needs, as well as, a company culture in which
employees actively engage beyond themselves in social issues and
global causes. To encourage giving, our employee match, dollars for
doers and event participation reimbursement programs make
philanthropic activity accessible to employees, increasing employee
participation and encouraging philanthropy.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation292024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  People at a Glance - 2023                                        
                                                                   
As of December 31, 2023, across all entities globally, we are 1,745
employees strong, comprising 1,717 full-time and 28 part-time or
intern employees, located in 17 countries.
                                                                   
  International          Racial Ethnic           Gender Diversity  
  Locations              Diversity                                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                        Approximately 53%                          
                        of our U.S.                                
  As of year-end        employees identify                         
  2023 approximately    as people of color,                        
  49% of                including Asian,       Approximately 36%   
  our employees are     Hispanic or Latino,    of our worldwide    
  located outside of    Black or African       employees are       
  the                   American, Native       female.             
  U.S. and 51% are      Hawaiian or Other                          
  in the U.S.           Pacific Islander,                          
                        American Indian or                         
                        Alaska Native, or                          
                        two or more races.                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Philanthropy                                                     
                                                                   
A rich part of our culture is our employee-driven AppLovin Cares
program in which social causes that are important to employees are
supported financially with contributions and opportunities to
volunteer.

In 2023, AppLovin Cares donated approximately $910,000 dollars to
nonprofit organizations:

• 44% of donations supported disaster or crisis relief around the
world. Initiated by employees, AppLovin has contributed
significantly to organizations that provide relief for global
disasters or crises, such as Ukrainian refugees and the Turkish and
Japan Earthquake disasters. AppLovin regularly contributes to the
Red Cross, UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders, International Medical
Corps, Save Life, and The Global Fund for Children.

• 29% of donations awarded to 7 multi-year partners. Our multi-year
participants include: Open Door, Casa De Las Madres, Rise Up
Malawi, San Quentin Prison, Gift of Adoption and Teach for America.

• 23% of donations awarded to 24 nonprofits (501(C)(3)), nominated
by employees on a quarterly basis. Employees submit quarterly
nominations for company donations to nonprofit organizations.
Employee votes determine those receiving a donation from AppLovin.

• 5% of donations reflect volunteer time in our “Dollars for Doers”
initiative. Dollars for Doers, and Event Participation
Reimbursement make philanthropic activity accessible to all
employees, increasing employee participation and encouraging
philanthropy.
                                                                   
  Governance                                                       
                                                                   
Our governance policies and practices and leadership reflect our
commitment to integrity, diversity, transparency and
accountability. A majority of the directors currently serving on
our Board of Directors qualify as “independent” under the corporate
governance requirements of Nasdaq. We have adopted corporate
governance policies, including board committee charters, corporate
governance guidelines, a code of conduct and business ethics and
policies
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation302024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
related to privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, anti-bribery
and anti-corruption, insider trading, violence prevention and anti-
harassment. To further promote a high standard of ethical and
professional conduct within our company, we have engaged an
impartial third party to administer a whistleblower hotline where,
as permitted by law, employees, contractors, customers and vendors
can address issues on a confidential and anonymous basis. In
addition, our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics applies to all of
our employees, including our officers, and to members of our Board
of Directors.

For more information on our environmental, social and governance
commitments and actions, see our ESG Impact webpage at
applovin.com/esg/.
                                                                   
  Director Compensation                                            
                                                                   
We have adopted a compensation policy for our non-employee
directors (as amended, the “Director Compensation Policy”). The
Director Compensation Policy is designed to attract, retain, and
reward experienced non-employee directors. To ensure our Director
Compensation Policy remains competitive to help us attract
qualified non-employee director candidates and retain our existing
non-employee directors, the policy is reviewed annually by our
Compensation Committee and its independent advisor, Semler Brossy.
In June 2023, we amended our Director Compensation Policy to
increase our non-employee director compensation and allow our non-
employee directors to elect to receive an equity award in lieu of
their cash compensation.

Under the Director Compensation Policy, each non-employee director
receives the cash and equity compensation for board services
described below. We also reimburse our non-employee directors for
reasonable, customary, and documented travel expenses to meetings
of our Board of Directors or its committee and other expenses.
                                                                   
  Cash Compensation                                                
                                                                   
Under our Director Compensation Policy, non-employee directors are
entitled to receive the following cash compensation for their
service on our Board of Directors:

• $50,000 per year for service as a member of the Board of
Directors;

• $60,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Board of
Directors;

• $75,000 per year for service as lead independent director of the
Board of Directors;

• $35,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Audit
Committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as member of the Audit Committee;

• $30,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Compensation
Committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as member of the Compensation
Committee;

• $15,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee; and

• $5,000 per year for service as member of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee.

Each non-employee director who serves as the chairperson of a
committee will receive only the annual cash fee as the chairperson
of the committee, and not the additional annual cash fee as a
member of the committee. All cash payments to non-employee
directors are paid quarterly in arrears on a pro-rated basis and,
as noted above, non-employee directors can elect to receive an
equity award in lieu of cash compensation.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation312024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Equity Compensation                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Initial Award                                                    
                                                                   
Each person who first becomes a non-employee director will be
granted an initial award of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) on the
first trading date on or after the date on which such individual
first becomes a non-employee director (the “Initial Award”). The
Initial Award will cover a number of shares of our Class A common
stock having a grant date fair value (determined in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”)) of
$425,000, rounded to the nearest whole share (the “New Hire
Award”). The New Hire Award will vest in 12 equal quarterly
installments beginning on the first standard quarterly vesting date
to occur after such individual first becomes a non-employee
director and each subsequent standard quarterly vesting date
thereafter, subject to the non-employee director continuing to be a
service provider through the applicable vesting date. Our standard
quarterly vesting dates are February 20, May 20, August 20, and
November 20. If the person was a member of our Board of Directors
and also an employee, becoming a non-employee director due to
termination of employment does not entitle them to an Initial
Award.
                                                                   
  Annual Award                                                     
                                                                   
On the date of each annual meeting of our stockholders, each non-
employee director will automatically receive an annual equity award
(an “Annual Award”) covering a number of shares of our Class A
common stock having a grant date fair value (determined in
accordance with GAAP) of $250,000, rounded to the nearest whole
share. The Annual Award will vest on the earlier of (i) the one-
year anniversary of the date the Annual Award is granted or (ii)
the day prior to the date of the annual meeting next following the
date the Annual Award is granted, in each case, subject to the non-
employee director continuing to be a service provider through the
applicable vesting date. The type of equity award to be granted to
a non-employee director will be elected in advance of the annual
meeting at the discretion of the non-employee director and may
consistent entirely of RSUs or non-qualified stock options.

In the event of a “change in control” (as defined in our 2021
Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”)), each non-employee
director’s outstanding awards will fully vest, provided that the
non-employee director continues to be a non-employee director
through the date of the change in control.
                                                                   
  Maximum Annual Compensation Limit                                
                                                                   
The Director Compensation Policy includes a maximum annual limit of
$750,000 in total cash and equity compensation awards that may be
paid, issued, or granted to a non-employee director in any fiscal
year (increased to $1,000,000 in the non-employee director’s
initial year of service as a non-employee director). For purposes
of this limitation, the value of equity awards is based on the
grant date fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP). Any
cash compensation paid or equity awards granted to a person for
their service as an employee, or for their service as a consultant
(other than as a non-employee director), will not count for
purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the
intended size of any potential compensation or equity awards to our
non-employee directors.
                                                                   
  2023 Compensation                                                
                                                                   
The following table provides information regarding compensation of
our non-employee directors for their service as directors, for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Our KKR Director and directors
who are also our employees receive no additional compensation for
their service as directors. During 2023, Mr. Oberwager served as
the KKR Director and Messrs. Foroughi and Chen were employees and
executive officers of the company and therefore none of them
received compensation as directors. See “Executive Compensation”
starting on page 40 for additional information regarding the
compensation of Messrs. Foroughi and Chen.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation322024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                  Fees Paid or        Stock     Option             
  Name               Earned in       Awards     Awards      Total  
                          Cash    ($)(1)(2)        ($)        ($)  
                           ($)                                     
  Craig                153,750            —    249,990    403,740  
  Billings                                                         
  Margaret              73,750      249,986          —    323,736  
  Georgiadis                                                       
  Alyssa                                                           
  Harvey                30,000      264,970          —    294,970  
  Dawson                                                           
  Todd                  12,500      428,445          —    440,945  
  Morgenfeld                                                       
  Edward                     —            —          —          —  
  Oberwager                                                        
  Asha                  40,879      249,986          —    290,865  
  Sharma(2)                                                        
  Eduardo               27,500       13,752    249,990    291,242  
  Vivas                                                            
                                                                   
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received by
the director, and there can be no assurance that these amounts will
ever be realized by the director. Instead, the amount shown is the
grant date fair value of the awards granted in fiscal 2023 computed
in accordance with ASC Topic 718 — Compensation — Stock
Compensation (“ASC Topic 718”), disregarding forfeiture
assumptions. Information regarding the assumptions used to estimate
the fair value of stock options is set forth in Note 11 to our
consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The grant date fair
value of the RSU awards was calculated based on the closing price
per share of our Class A common stock on the grant date.

2. Ms. Sharma resigned from our Board of Directors on September 5,
2023.

3. The following table lists all outstanding equity awards held by
non-employee directors as of December 31, 2023:
                                                                   
                                   Number of        Number of      
                                   Shares           Shares         
  Name            Date of Grant    Underlying       Underlying     
                                   Stock Award      Options        
                                   (#)              (#)            
  Craig           12/30/2020(a)    —                21,000(b)      
  Billings                                                         
  07/06/2023                       15,537(c)                       
  Margaret        01/23/2021(a)    1,750(d)         —              
  Georgiadis                                                       
  06/07/2023      10,448(e)        —                               
                  07/06/2023       978(e)           —              
  Alyssa                                                           
  Harvey          11/08/2021       847(f)           —              
  Dawson                                                           
  06/07/2023      10,448(e)        —                               
                  07/06/2023       978(e)           —              
  Todd            09/05/2023       9,158(g)         —              
  Morgenfeld                                                       
  Asha            —                —                —              
  Sharma(h)                                                        
  Eduardo         07/06/2023                        15,537(c)      
  Vivas                                                            
                                                                   
a. These awards were granted pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan (the “2011 Plan”); all other awards were granted pursuant to
our 2021 Plan.

b. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is
immediately exercisable. The vesting conditions are satisfied,
subject to Mr. Billings continued role as a service provider to us,
as to 1/12th of the total shares on March 1, 2021 with 1/12th of
the total shares vesting each quarter thereafter, provided that
100% of any unvested shares covered by the option will vest
immediately prior to the closing of an Acquisition or Other
Combination (each as defined in our 2011 Plan).

c. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is
immediately exercisable. The vesting conditions are satisfied,
subject each non-employee directors’ continued role as a service
provider to us, as to 100% of the shares on the earlier of (i) the
one-year anniversary of the date the Annual Award is granted or
(ii) the day prior to the date of the Annual Meeting next following
the date the Annual Award is granted.

d. Reflects shares acquired upon the early exercise of options that
remain subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option
award is for a total of 21,000 shares. The vesting conditions are
satisfied, subject to Ms. Georgiadis’ continued role as a service
provider to us, as to 1/12th of the total shares on May 1, 2021
with 1/12th of the total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation332024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
e. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to each non-
employee directors’ continued role as a service provider to us, as
to 100% of the total shares on the earlier of (i) the one-year
anniversary of the date the Annual Award is granted or (ii) the day
prior to the date of the Annual Meeting next following the date the
Annual Award is granted.

f. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Harvey
Dawson’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/12th
of the total shares on November 20, 2021 with 1/12th of the total
shares vesting quarterly thereafter.

g. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr.
Morgenfeld’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to
1/12th of the total shares on November 20, 2023 with 1/12th of the
total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.

h. Ms. Sharma resigned from our Board of Directors on September 5,
2023.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation342024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  PROPOSAL NO. 1                                                   
                                                                   
Election of Directors

Our Board of Directors is currently composed of nine members. Each
of the currently serving nine directors have been nominated by our
Board of Directors for election at the Annual Meeting, each to
serve a one-year term until the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders
and until their successors are elected and qualified.
                                                                   
  Nominees                                                         
                                                                   
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has recommended,
and our Board of Directors has approved, Adam Foroughi, Herald
Chen, Craig Billings, Margaret Georgiadis, Alyssa Harvey Dawson,
Barbara Messing, Todd Morgenfeld, Edward Oberwager, and Eduardo
Vivas as nominees for election as directors at the Annual Meeting.
If elected, each of the nominees will serve as directors until the
2025 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are
duly elected and qualified. For information concerning the
nominees, please see “Board of Directors and Corporate Governance”
on page 8.

If you are a stockholder of record and you sign your proxy card or
vote by telephone or over the Internet but do not give instructions
with respect to the voting of directors, your shares will be voted
“FOR” the election of Messrs. Foroughi, Billings, Chen, Morgenfeld,
Oberwager, and Vivas, and Mses. Georgiadis, Harvey Dawson, and
Messing. If you are a street name stockholder and you do not give
voting instructions to your broker or nominee, your broker will
leave your shares unvoted on this matter.
                                                                   
  Vote Required                                                    
                                                                   
Each director is elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares
present virtually or represented by proxy at the meeting and
entitled to vote on the election of directors at the Annual
Meeting. “Plurality” means that the nine nominees who receive the
largest number of votes cast “For” such nominees are elected as
directors. As a result, any shares not voted “For” a particular
nominee (whether as a result of a withhold vote or a broker non-
vote) will not be counted in such nominee’s favor and will have no
effect on the outcome of the election.
                                                  
  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR”  
  EACH OF THE NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE.               
                                                  
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation352024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Audit Committee Report

The Audit Committee is a committee of the Board of Directors
comprised solely of independent directors as required by Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements and SEC rules and regulations.
The composition of the Audit Committee, the attributes of its
members and the responsibilities of the Audit Committee, as
reflected in its charter, are intended to be in accordance with
applicable requirements for corporate Audit Committees. With
respect to AppLovin’s financial reporting process, AppLovin’s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal
controls and preparing AppLovin’s financial statements. AppLovin’s
independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche
LLP (“Deloitte”), is responsible for performing an independent
audit of AppLovin’s financial statements. It is the responsibility
of the Audit Committee to oversee these activities. It is not the
responsibility of the Audit Committee to prepare AppLovin’s
financial statements. These are the fundamental responsibilities of
management. In the performance of its oversight function, the Audit
Committee has:

• reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with
management;

• discussed with Deloitte the matters required to be discussed by
the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) and the SEC; and

• received the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte
required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the
independent accountant’s communications with the Audit Committee
concerning independence, and has discussed with Deloitte its
independence.

Based on the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with
management and Deloitte, the Audit Committee recommended to the
Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be
included in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2023 for filing with the SEC.

Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors for fiscal year 2023:
                                                                   
  Craig Billings (Chair)                                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Margaret Georgiadis                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                             
                                                                   
This report of the Audit Committee is required by the SEC and, in
accordance with the SEC’s rules, will not be deemed to be part of
or incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating
by reference this proxy statement into any filing under the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we
specifically incorporate this information by reference, and will
not otherwise be deemed “soliciting material” or “filed” under
either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation362024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  PROPOSAL NO. 2                                                   
                                                                   
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

Our Audit Committee has appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP
(“Deloitte”), an independent registered public accounting firm, to
audit our consolidated financial statements for our fiscal year
ending December 31, 2024. Deloitte has served as our independent
registered public accounting firm since 2014.

At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders are being asked to ratify
the appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public
accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2024. Our
Audit Committee is submitting the appointment of Deloitte to our
stockholders because we value our stockholders’ views on our
independent registered public accounting firm and as a matter of
good corporate governance. Notwithstanding the appointment of
Deloitte, and even if our stockholders ratify the appointment, our
Audit Committee, in its discretion, may appoint another independent
registered public accounting firm at any time during our fiscal
year if our Audit Committee believes that such a change would be in
the best interests of our company and our stockholders. If our
stockholders do not ratify the appointment of Deloitte, our Board
of Directors may reconsider the appointment. Representatives of
Deloitte will be present at the Annual Meeting, have an opportunity
to make a statement, and be available to respond to appropriate
questions from our stockholders.

Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The following table presents fees for professional audit services
and other services rendered to our company by Deloitte for our
fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022.
                                                     
                           -$ in thousands           
                                      2023     2022  
  Audit Fees(1)                      4,681    5,130  
  Audit-Related Fees(2)                  —        —  
  Tax Fees(3)                        1,661    1,895  
  All Other Fees(4)                     15      505  
  Total Fees                         6,357    7,530  
                                                     
1. Audit Fees include fees related to professional services
rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial
statements, the audit of internal control over financial reporting
in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
reviews of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, and for audit services provided in connection with
other statutory and regulatory filings.

2. Audit-related fees include fees related to assurance and related
services that are reasonably related to the performance of the
audit or review of our financial statements and are not included in
the fees reported in the table above under “Audit Fees.” No audit-
related fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022.

3. Tax fees include fees related to services for U.S. federal,
state, local, international, and other tax compliance, planning,
advisory, and consultation services.

4. All Other Fees include services other than the services reported
above, including permissible advisory and consulting services in
connection with mergers and acquisitions and other transactions.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation372024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Auditor Independence                                             
                                                                   
In our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, there were no other
professional services provided by Deloitte, other than those listed
above, that would have required our Audit Committee to consider
their compatibility with maintaining the independence of Deloitte.

Audit Committee Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Our Audit Committee has established a policy governing our use of
the services of our independent registered public accounting firm.
Under this policy, our Audit Committee is required to pre-approve
all audit services and permissible non-audit services performed by
our independent registered public accounting firm in order to
ensure that the provision of such services does not impair the
public accountants’ independence. All services provided by Deloitte
for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, which
includes all fees for audit services, were pre-approved by our
audit committee in accordance with the policy.
                                                                   
  Vote Required                                                    
                                                                   
The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent
registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending
December 31, 2024 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the voting power of the shares of our common stock present
virtually or by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
thereon. Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this
proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect.
                                                      
  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE  
  RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE &       
  TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC     
  ACCOUNTING FIRM.                                    
                                                      
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation382024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Executive Officers

The following table identifies certain information about our
executive officers as of March 31, 2024. Our executive officers are
appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our Board of
Directors. There are no family relationships among any of our
directors or executive officers.
                                                                   
  Name                   Age    Position                           
  Adam Foroughi           43    Chief Executive Officer and        
                                Chairperson                        
  Matthew Stumpf          40    Chief Financial Officer            
  Katie Jansen            45    Chief Marketing Officer            
  Vasily Shikin           38    Chief Technology Officer           
  Victoria Valenzuela     50    Chief Legal Officer and Corporate  
                                Secretary                          
                                                                   
For Mr. Foroughi’s biography, see “Nominees for Director.”

Matthew Stumpf. Mr. Stumpf has served as our Chief Financial
Officer since January 2024 and prior to that served as our Vice
President of Finance and FP&A since July 2022 and as our Senior
Director, FP&A from February 2020 through June 2022. Prior to
joining us, Mr. Stumpf worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers, an audit
and assurance, consulting and tax services firm, from 2006 to 2020
in roles of increasing responsibility, including most recently as
Transaction Services - Financial Due Diligence Director. He holds a
B.A. in Business Management Economics from the University of
California, Santa Cruz.

Katie Jansen. Ms. Jansen has served as our Chief Marketing Officer
since October 2012. Prior to joining us, she served as Vice
President of Marketing, Marketing Director at PlayFirst, Inc., a
publisher of casual games, from October 2009 to March 2012. She
holds a B.S. in Psychology from California Polytechnic State
University, San Luis Obispo and an M.B.A. from San Francisco State
University.

Vasily Shikin. Mr. Shikin has served as our Chief Technology
Officer since January 2020 and prior to that served as our Vice
President of Engineering since January 2012. Prior to joining us,
from May 2008 to January 2012, he served as Senior Software
Engineer at DeviceAnywhere, Inc., a cloud-based platform for
testing and monitoring mobile websites and applications acquired by
Keynote Systems, Inc. Mr. Shikin holds a Masters in Mathematics
from Saint-Petersburg State University.

Victoria Valenzuela. Ms. Valenzuela has served as our Chief Legal
Officer and Corporate Secretary since May 2020. Ms. Valenzuela
joined us through our acquisition of Machine Zone, Inc. where she
served as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary from January
2015 to April 2020. From May 2004 to December 2014, she served as
General Counsel, Vice President, Legal Affairs, and Corporate
Secretary of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, a public
semiconductor company acquired by Infineon Technologies AG. Prior
to Cypress Semiconductor, she was a corporate and technology
attorney with Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, LLP and Clifford Chance
LLP. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from California State
University, Fullerton and a J.D. from Stanford University Law
School.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation392024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Executive Compensation
                                                                   
   Compensation Discussion and Analysis                            
                                                                   
This Compensation Discussion and Analysis includes a discussion of
compensation for the following individuals who served as executive
officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, which we
refer to as our named executive officers (“NEOs”):

• Adam Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and
Chairperson of our Board of Directors;

• Herald Chen, our former President and Chief Financial Officer,
and current member of our Board of Directors;

• Katie Jansen, our Chief Marketing Officer;

• Vasily Shikin, our Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”); and

• Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
Secretary.
                                                                   
  Executive Summary                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Business Context                                                 
                                                                   
AppLovin’s mission is to create meaningful connections between
companies and their ideal customers. Our software platform provides
end-to-end software and artificial intelligence-powered ("AI")
solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global
audience ("Software Platform"). We also operate a portfolio of
owned mobile apps (“Apps”). Our scaled business model sits at the
nexus of the advertising ecosystem, which creates a durable
competitive advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our
strong growth.

Due to uncertain market dynamics and macroeconomic instability in
2022, advertisers were prioritizing cash flow generation over
revenue growth through advertising campaigns resulting in stagnant
ad spend. Evolving regulations in mobile advertising and shifting
data privacy practices among app stores only added more complexity
to the rapidly changing digital advertising landscape. Amidst the
shifting uncertainty described above, our CEO and CTO saw the
growth opportunity presented by evolving AI technologies, and
endeavored to leverage these technologies to evolve our advertising
recommendation engine, AXON. AppLovin began developing the next
generation of AXON, which was critical to the Company’s future
growth and ability to compete in the constantly evolving
advertising ecosystem. It was our belief that our employees, and
particularly our CEO and CTO, were our greatest competitive
advantage in 2022 and 2023. Their vision, leadership, and expertise
were essential in guiding AppLovin through a critical juncture in
its growth: Mr. Foroughi is an accomplished leader in the digital
advertising field and has the knowledge and skills to navigate the
turbulent macroeconomic and industry environment, while Mr.
Shikin’s deep technical knowledge ensured that the highly-complex
AI-based technology was appropriately trained and deployed to
maximize its impact—and early-mover advantage—in the marketplace.

The hard work and contribution of our employees, and the leadership
of our CEO and CTO, resulted in AXON being among the first AI-
powered ad recommendation engines geared specifically for the
mobile market to be released in 2023. Our AI-powered AXON
advertising engine has since provided our clients with a best-in-
class ad-buying experience, higher conversion rate, and more
efficient marketplace. These benefits, combined with a
strengthening macroeconomic environment, resulted in AppLovin
achieving record revenue and net income in 2023, which the Company
has used to reinvest in future growth drivers of the business,
explore new use cases for its AI-based
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation402024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
technology, and repurchase shares of the Company’s Class A common
stock, all of which we believe will deliver returns to
stockholders.
                                                                   
  2023 Financial                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Overview                                                         
                                                                   
Our 2023 financial highlights include the following (1) :
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
  was $3.3 billion, an increase of 17%.                            
                                                                   
• Net Income was $357 million, a net margin of 11% compared to a
net loss of $193 million and a net margin of -7%.

• Adjusted EBITDA (2) increased 41% to $1.5 billion, an Adjusted
EBITDA margin of 46%.

• Cash Flow (2) generation of $1.1 billion of net cash from
operating activities and $1.0 billion of Free Cash Flow.

• Software Platform revenue grew 76% to $1.8 billion. Segment
Adjusted EBITDA increased 58% to $1.3 billion, a 69% margin.

• Apps revenue of $1.4 billion. Segment Adjusted EBITDA declined
11% to $227 million, a 16% margin.

1. All comparisons are against 2022 unless otherwise noted.

2. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Free Cash Flow are
non-GAAP measures. Please see “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” and the
reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP measures in the Appendix.
                                                                   
  Compensation Decisions                                           
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee considered the above business context,
macroeconomic environment, and the fact that our historical equity
granting cadence as a private company was irregular. The result of
this is that entering 2023 we had many members of our senior
management with equity that was largely vested and a
disproportionately smaller amount of unvested equity--in fact, our
CEO had not received any equity awards since 2011 and, until he
received grants in 2023, did not have any unvested equity. Given
how significant the technology development underway was to the
future growth of the Company, the retention of our CEO, CTO, and
respective engineering, technical and product teams, was a critical
consideration in the design of our compensation programs for 2023.

These factors resulted in several decisions with respect to
compensation across the Company and for our executive team. We have
not historically had a cash-based short-term incentive program and
believe that ongoing, competitive, time-based equity grants drive
an entrepreneurial culture and motivate our executives to deliver
business results that drive long-term stockholder value.
Furthermore, we did not want to make regular annual equity grants
that vested over multi-year periods with the size of those grants
based on what we believed to be a depressed stock price.
Accordingly, our 2023 and 2024 annual time-based equity grants were
designed to vest quarterly over one year. However, from time to
time, and as deemed appropriate for the context, the Compensation
Committee may approve additional compensation schemes that are tied
directly to performance hurdles.

The development of our next generation AXON AI-powered advertising
engine was not only critical to AppLovin’s market position and
performance amid uncertainty in 2022 and 2023, but it required a
significant amount of enduring work and contribution by our
employees, particularly from our technical teams. The Compensation
Committee thus believed it was important to design a performance-
based equity compensation program to galvanize critical engineering
and product development talent, including our CEO and CTO. To
accomplish this, the Committee enlisted its independent
compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, to assist in the design of
a performance-based equity program for critical talent that would
deliver value to participants if, and only if, sustained value was
delivered
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation412024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
to stockholders. Messrs. Foroughi and Shikin were critical leaders
of this group of critical talent, and additional detail on their
respective award size and terms can be found below under “—Equity
Compensation” beginning on page 47.

The resulting design was a performance-based restricted stock unit
award that vests in five tranches based on the achievement of
significant stock price hurdles. This performance-based equity
compensation program was designed with long-term stockholder value
creation in mind. Each tranche of the performance-based awards
requires AppLovin’s closing stock price on Nasdaq to be above the
applicable hurdle for 30 consecutive trading days in order to be
earned. The first hurdle was positioned at a nearly 300% multiple
of the grant date closing price of $12.41, a market capitalization
of $4.67 billion, or $13.55 billion in market capitalization (1) ,
and the following hurdles each represented approximately $4 billion
in incremental market capitalization based upon the number of
common shares outstanding at grant. For reference, upon full
achievement of all hurdles an additional $25 billion in incremental
market capitalization would have been created since the grant date
(based on the number of common shares outstanding at the time of
grant (2) ), while the total accounting fair value of the program
for all 22 participants is $124,284,314, or .05% of the value
gained, if all hurdles are achieved. The Compensation Committee
believes that the program’s design, and risk-mitigating features
such as the consecutive trading day measurement approach, holding
requirements (3) , employment service conditions (4) , and change
in control provisions, maximize motivational value relative to the
accounting expense of the program, particularly in light of the
high stock market volatility at the time.
                                                                   
                             Price                       Increase  
  Portion           Stock    Target as     Resulting    in Market  
  of Award          Price    % of             Market    Capitali…  
  Eligible         Target    Grant        Capitaliz…         from  
  to Vest                    Date                           Grant  
                             Price                           Date  
  ($)                 -$B    -$B                                   
  1/5               36.00    290%             $13.55        $8.88  
  1/5               46.75    377%             $17.60       $12.93  
  1/5               57.50    463%             $21.64       $16.97  
  1/5               68.25    550%             $25.69       $21.02  
  1/5               79.00    637%             $29.74       $25.06  
                                                                   
Footnotes relate to the paragraph above the table:

1. Based on closing price of $12.41 on the date of grant.

2. Based on 376,403,220 Class A and Class B common shares
outstanding as of February 22, 2023.

3. Our CEO is required to hold a minimum of 6,902,000 of shares of
Class A and Class B common stock (equal to 100% of the performance-
based restricted stock units granted to him), his total target
number of shares, whether the shares are earned or not, for the
duration of the award (5 years). Our CTO and all other participants
are required to hold the net (after-tax) shares following a vest
for at least one year.

4. Unvested RSUs generally are forfeited if the Participant’s
service to the Company ceases prior to vesting.
                                                                   
  Compensation Philosophy                                          
                                                                   
The overall objective of our executive compensation program is to
attract and motivate best-in-class leadership and talent to drive
excellence throughout our organization and return value to
stockholders. We do this by designing programs that tie executive
compensation to individual performance, overall company performance
and the interests of our stockholders, with a particular focus on
the long-term elements of target total compensation.

Since our initial public offering in April 2021, our compensation
practices have continued to mature to those we believe are best
aligned with our public stockholders. Our executive compensation is
designed with a mix of short-term and long-term components, with
cash and equity elements in proportions that we believe provide
appropriate incentives to motivate our executive officers and
management team and help to achieve success in our business. To
that end, we believe that heavily weighting executive compensation
to equity compensation rather than cash compensation ensures our
management team’s strong alignment with our stockholders. As such,
we have not
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation422024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
historically provided short-term cash incentives. We also believe
that our equity-heavy pay mix reinforces our entrepreneurial
culture, which makes us a more agile, responsive, and efficient
business.

An overarching objective of the Company and the Compensation
Committee is to implement pay programs that have benefits to
stockholders that outweigh their cost and motivate our employees.
To that end, the Compensation Committee and the Company’s NEOs
frequently assess the compensation-related equity burn rate and
actual dilution relative to our compensation peers and other
technology or industry “disruptor” companies that recently went
public. These burn rate and actual dilution assessments are an
integral part of our compensation decision-making process.

So that we can attract and motivate the right talent, our executive
compensation program seeks to:

• Attract top talent that will allow us to execute on our current
plans and scale our growing business;

• Retain and reward talented executives, who possess proven
experience, knowledge, expertise, drive, and leadership skills;

• Give our executive officers a stake in our growth and prosperity,
which encourages our executive officers to behave like owners,
executing on short-term priorities while remaining focused on long-
term value creation for the Company; and

• Align the interests of stockholders and NEOs while minimizing the
incentive for inappropriate risk-taking.

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to
attract and motivate highly skilled executives who can move at the
speed of our business and effectively pivot with our evolving
industry. We believe the leadership provided by our CEO and CTO are
critical for such future success and our Compensation Committee
assesses their retention as part of its ongoing compensation
reviews.
                                                                   
  Executive Compensation Policies and Practices                    
                                                                   
We endeavor to maintain compensation policies and practices that
are consistent with sound governance standards. We believe it is
important to provide competitive compensation packages and a high-
quality work environment in order to hire, retain and incentivize
critical talent. We seek to ensure that our executive compensation
program is consistent with our short-term and long-term goals given
the nature of the market in which we compete for key talent. We
believe our executive compensation plan being heavily weighted to
equity-based compensation, rather than cash compensation, provides
attractive and competitive compensation to our executives as well
as aligns them with our stockholders. The following policies and
practices were in effect during 2023:

• No Special Benefits. The members of our executive team are
eligible to participate in broad-based company-sponsored
retirement, health and welfare benefits programs on the same basis
as our other full-time, salaried employees, and we provide no
special benefits to them.

• No “Golden Parachute” Tax Reimbursements. We do not provide any
tax reimbursement payments (including “gross-ups”) on any tax
liability that our executive officers might owe as a result of the
application of Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).

• Hedging and Pledging Restrictions. Our Insider Trading Policy
prohibits our employees, including our executive officers and the
members of our Board of Directors, from hedging any company
securities and from pledging more than 10% of any company
securities as collateral for a loan.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation432024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
• Peer Data Reviewed. Our Compensation Committee works with an
independent compensation consultant to complete an annual
assessment of the Company’s executive compensation programs
relative to peer companies. Our Compensation Committee considers
this information along with the Company’s long and short-term goals
to determine if any changes are needed to the Company’s executive
compensation.

• Compensation Committee Led Executive Compensation Program.
Although the input of the management team with respect to
compensation matters is important and is considered, our
Compensation Committee drives the design of compensation programs
for our executives based on their judgment and the advice of their
independent compensation consultant.

• Non-Management Compensation Committee. Our Compensation
Committee, who is responsible for the design and review our
Company’s executive compensation program, is comprised entirely of
non-management directors. Further, our Compensation Committee has
access to and regularly works with independent compensation
consultants that it selects.

• Compensation Recovery Policy . If we are required to prepare an
accounting restatement due to our material noncompliance with
financial reporting requirements, our Compensation Recovery Policy
requires us to clawback from covered officers any incentive-based
compensation received by them on or after October 2, 2023 and
during the applicable covered period that was in excess of what
they would have received had their incentive compensation been
determined based on the restated amounts.

• Equity Ownership Guidelines . Our Equity Ownership Guidelines
further align the interests of our executive officers and non-
employee directors with the interests of our stockholders by
requiring executive officers and non-employee directors to
accumulate and hold equity with an aggregate value as specified in
the Equity Ownership Guidelines.
                                                                   
  Our Compensation-Setting Process                                 
                                                                   
For 2023, our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee, in
consultation with its independent compensation consultant, reviewed
our executive compensation program and related policies and
practices. In determining the compensation of our NEOs for 2023,
our Compensation Committee considered the prior and existing
compensation arrangements, including base salary and equity
incentives. The Compensation Committee also considered the overall
strategic business plan and our needs with respect to providing
incentives and retention to the talent critical to meeting our
strategic business plan, particularly in light of the instability
caused by macroeconomic factors impacting our equity value and that
of many peer technology companies. More specifically, our Board of
Directors and Compensation Committee considered a number of factors
in making our executive compensation decisions including, but not
limited to:

• Market data and analysis conducted by the Compensation
Committee’s independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy,
related to the Company’s existing and proposed compensation program
design and compensation structures that include base salary, cash
bonuses, equity and other compensation;

• Peer group data of similar companies in our industry or with whom
we compete for talent to ensure our compensation programs are
competitive;

• Quarterly input from the independent compensation consultant
during Compensation Committee meetings, and in 2022 and 2023 the
independent compensation consultant attended and provided input
during more
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation442024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
frequent meetings as part of the design of the executive
compensation program, including the performance equity program, or
PSUs;

• Design recommendations made directly to the Compensation
Committee by our independent compensation consultant with respect
to our executive and director compensation programs;

• The retentive value, burn rate and stock-based compensation
expense impact of our executive compensation programs and awards
under such programs, as well as internal pay equity relative to the
future impact of such awards on the Company’s business, performance
and equity value;

• Input from our CEO and other NEOs on past individual performance
and expected future performance of our CEO and other NEOs; our CEO
abstains from discussions with the Compensation Committee and Board
of Directors regarding his personal compensation;

• Input from our CEO about potential compensation decisions for
other NEOs, although compensation decisions about our CEO are
always made in executive sessions without him present;

• The vesting status of the current holdings of each NEO and the
value of existing equity incentives, as well as, the time since the
last equity grant to each NEO and the criticality of each NEO to
our future business success. For example, the Compensation
Committee considered the fact that our CEO had not received an
equity grant since 2011; and

• Feedback from our non-employee directors both on the Compensation
Committee and our full Board of Directors, during executive
sessions and other discussions held without our NEOs.
                                                                   
  Use of Independent Compensation Consultant                       
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee has authority to appoint and retain a
compensation consultant. The fees for services rendered by the
compensation consultant are paid by the Company. For 2023
compensation decisions, our Compensation Committee engaged Semler
Brossy as its independent compensation consultant (“Compensation
Consultant”) to advise on executive compensation matters including:
overall compensation program design, peer group development and
updates, and collecting market data to inform our compensation
programs for our executives and members of our Board of Directors.
We develop our compensation programs after reviewing publicly
available compensation data relevant to our business, industry and
companies with whom we compete for talent. The Compensation
Consultant advised the Compensation Committee on all of the
principal aspects of executive and director compensation for 2023.
The Compensation Consultant attends meetings of the Compensation
Committee when requested to do so and reports directly to our
Compensation Committee and not to management, although it meets
with management for purposes of gathering information for its
analyses and recommendations. In addition to attending meetings of
the Compensation Committee, they also meet informally with
Committee members on request. During 2022 and 2023, there were
extensive meetings between the Compensation Consultant and the
committee members to design the performance-based restricted stock
unit (“PSU”) program. Our Compensation Committee has assessed the
independence of Semler Brossy consistent with Nasdaq corporate
governance standards and has concluded that its engagement with
Semler Brossy does not raise any conflict of interest.
                                                                   
  Use of a Peer Group                                              
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee approves a peer group of companies as a
reference group to provide a broad perspective on competitive pay
levels and practices. The peers are reviewed on an annual basis in
light of the fast-moving changes at AppLovin and in our industry.
We undertake this review with the assistance and recommendations of
the Compensation Consultant.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation452024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
In November 2022, the Compensation Committee approved a peer group
for use in making 2023 compensation decisions. The Compensation
Committee used the following criteria in determining the
appropriate peers:

• Industry / Sector – publicly-traded technology companies, with a
focus on digital media platforms and secondary focus on internet
and software;
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Revenue –                                                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  between $1 billion to $5 billion;                                
                                                                   
• Market Capitalization – between $10 billion and $90 billion; and

• Talent Competitors – technology companies with whom we compete
for talent.
                                                                   
  2023 Peer Group                                                  
                                                                   
Based on these criteria and considerations, our peer group for
compensation analyses and decisions made between November 2022
through August 2023, as approved by our Compensation Committee,
consisted of the following companies:
                                                                   
  Akamai                GoodRx Holdings,      Splunk Inc.          
  Technologies, Inc.    Inc.                                       
  ANSYS, Inc.           HubSpot, Inc.         Synopsys, Inc.       
  CrowdStrike           MongoDB, Inc.         The Trade Desk,      
  Holdings, Inc.                              Inc.                 
  DocuSign, Inc.        Okta, Inc.            VeriSign, Inc.       
  Dropbox, Inc.         Palo Alto             Workday, Inc.        
                        Networks, Inc.                             
  Fortinet, Inc.        RingCentral, Inc.     Zillow Group, Inc.   
                                                                   
In August 2023, the Compensation Committee reviewed the peer
criteria and further considered other publicly-traded companies
based on revenue, market capitalization, and reflecting AppLovin’s
technology business. The Compensation Committee also considered the
volatility in AppLovin’s and other technology companies’ market
capitalization and how these fluctuations should be considered
moving forward. After weighing these various factors, the
Compensation Committee approved the following peer group companies
for compensation discussions and decisions made in the second half
of 2023:
                                                                   
  ANSYS, Inc.       Informatica Inc.      The Trade Desk, Inc.     
  CrowdStrike       MongoDB, Inc.         Twilio Inc.              
  DocuSign, Inc.    Okta, Inc.            UiPath, Inc.             
  Dropbox, Inc.     Roblox Corporation    Unity Software Inc.      
  Elastic N.V.      Splunk Inc.           Zoom Video               
                                          Communications, Inc.     
  HubSpot, Inc.                                                    
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee considers competitive compensation data
from an annual total compensation study of selected peer companies,
coupled with relevant survey sources, including peer group proxy
data, AON Radford surveys, and Mercer surveys, to inform its
decisions about overall compensation opportunities and specific
compensation elements. The Committee also uses our compensation
peer group as an additional data point when considering executive
pay packages. In addition, our compensation decisions are based on
the consideration of many
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation462024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
factors, including, but not limited to, individual and company
performance, market data, internal equity, experience, and
strategic needs.
                                                                   
  Elements of Executive Pay and 2023 Compensation                  
                                                                   
Our executive compensation program for 2023 consisted of the
following principal compensation elements:

• base salary; and

• short-term and long-term incentive compensation in the form of
equity incentives.

We are committed to providing appropriate cash and equity
incentives to compensate our NEOs in a manner that our Board of
Directors and Compensation Committee determine is reasonable and
appropriate to hire, incentivize, and retain key talent.
                                                                   
  Base Salary                                                      
                                                                   
Base salary is a customary, fixed element of compensation intended
to attract and retain our NEOs and compensate them for their day-
to-day efforts. Base salaries are reviewed periodically, including
at the time of a promotion or other change in responsibilities. We
believe equity compensation is a more important motivator to our
senior executives and therefore the base salaries are generally
consistent and capped at $400,000.

The following table sets forth the 2023 base salary for each of our
NEOs, which were unchanged from 2022 except with respect to Mr.
Foroughi:
                                           
  Name                   2023 Base Salary  
                                      ($)  
  Adam Foroughi                400,000(1)  
  Herald Chen(2)                  400,000  
  Katie Jansen                    400,000  
  Vasily Shikin                   400,000  
  Victoria Valenzuela             400,000  
                                           
1. At the time of our initial public offering (“IPO”) and at Mr.
Foroughi’s request, the Company reduced his base salary to
$100,000. Effective as of January 1, 2023, Mr. Foroughi’s base
salary was increased to $400,000, consistent with the Company’s
other executives.

2. Mr. Chen resigned as CFO and President, effective December 31,
2023, and transitioned to a role serving as a non-employee director
and advisor to our Chief Executive Officer.
                                                                   
  Equity Compensation                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Annual Equity Grants                                             
                                                                   
Consistent with our compensation objectives, we believe that equity
awards balance the interests of our executive team and our
stockholders, ensure our ability to attract and motivate our top
talent, and foster an entrepreneurial culture that drives
efficiency and agility. In 2022, our Compensation Committee,
together with its Compensation Consultant, engaged in a market
review of the equity compensation of our named executive officers
to consider the design of an annual equity compensation program for
our NEOs (particularly given that we do not have an executive cash
bonus program). In February 2023, the Company issued one year RSU
grants to Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Shikin, Ms. Jansen, and Ms. Valenzuela.
Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin received additional awards in the form
of approximately one-year RSU grants in March 2023. The combination
of these awards and the cash compensation paid
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation472024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
to Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin were designed to acknowledge their
significant, ongoing contributions to the Company. Our 2023 equity
awards were also designed to ensure that our NEO pay generally did
not lag behind the levels of compensation paid to executives in our
peer group and other technology companies that recently went
public, although the positioning of the cash and time-based
compensation for our CEO was behind that for comparable CEOs in
light of the Compensation Committee’s continued discussion
regarding a potential performance-based equity program.

Generally, we intend to grant annual equity awards in November of
the year prior to the service year the grant is intended to cover.
These are competitive with comparable roles in the technology
sector and reflective of company and individual performance,
leadership contribution, and criticality of the role in our
company. Given the design of the executive and performance-based
equity grant program described below were still in process during
November 2022, the 2022 year-end annual awards to our NEOs were
made in the first quarter of 2023 (while the 2023 year-end annual
awards were made in November 2023.) This resulted in two annual
year-end awards being granted in one calendar year. Our annual RSU
awards vest over one year from the date of grant. We believe this
is appropriate for an annual grant cycle, especially given we do
not have an annual cash bonus plan, and that rewarding work and
participation in the form of future awards motivates our leaders to
be self-starters and think like owners. We further determined that
RSU grants vesting over one year, rather than larger grants
intended to vest over longer periods, were appropriate considering
the uncertain economic environment because they would provide us
with greater ability to deliver intended value during the period
after grant.
                                                                   
  Performance-Based Equity Grants                                  
                                                                   
During the last two quarters of the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, and the first quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023, our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors considered
implementing an additional performance-based equity award program
to provide meaningful incentives to certain NEOs and other key
employees linked to long-term stockholder value. The employees that
would participate in this performance-based equity program would be
the leaders most critical to advancing our next generation of
products and continued growth as a public company. In designing
this program, our Compensation Committee set rigorous stock price
goals requiring meaningful appreciation in the trading price of our
Class A common stock over a sustained period of time before any
portion of the incentives is earned, none of which could happen
unless the participants in the PSU program delivered on the
technological advancements necessary to fuel the Company’s future
growth. Given our CEO had not been granted equity compensation
since 2011, and our CTO had only 27% of his equity holdings
unvested at the time of design, the Compensation Committee deemed
our CEO and CTO eligible for this performance-based equity program.
The Compensation Committee reduced the restricted time-based equity
awards significantly for our CEO and CTO, given that both received
performance-based equity awards.

On March 13, 2023 (the “grant date”), our Board of Directors, upon
the recommendation of our Compensation Committee, granted awards of
PSUs, under our 2021 Plan, to Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin, with no
portion of these PSUs eligible to vest until our stock price
appreciated close to 300% from the stock price when the PSUs were
granted. Through the course of the discussions regarding the
proposed PSU program, our CEO expressed his strong belief that a
portion of any potential PSU program be used to retain critical
talent. As a result, our CEO was given the authority, in
consultation with the Compensation Committee Chair, to grant up to
20% of the total program size to twenty other non-officer
employees. These non-officer participants were deemed to be
critical leaders of AppLovin and, in many cases, were or remain
succession candidates for more senior roles within the Company.
Each of Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin received 6,902,000 PSUs which
will vest upon the achievement of certain stock price goals, as
described below. Other non-officer employees that are critical to
our future growth received grants at a substantially lower
participation rate.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation482024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
We expect these PSUs to be the exclusive performance-based equity
awards that the participants receive for the next three years (a
total of four years following the grant date), or until the
performance goals were achieved, whichever came first. Should there
be unexpected changes in our business or other unforeseen factors,
our Board of Directors or our Compensation Committee may determine
it is in the best interest of our Company and its stockholders to
grant additional performance equity award(s) to Mr. Foroughi and
Mr. Shikin, who will also continue to be eligible for time-based
equity awards during this period.

Our Compensation Committee, in consultation with its independent
compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, considered many factors
when determining it was in the best interest of our Company and its
stockholders to establish a long-term incentive program tied to our
stock price and the structure of this recommended program. These
factors included:
                                                                   
  Key Considerations               Implementation on               
                                   Decision-making                 
                                   •Considered Mr. Foroughi’s and  
                                   Mr. Shikin’s criticality to     
                                   leading the Company through     
                                   macroeconomic turbulence and    
                                   ever-transforming digital       
                                   advertising space.              
                                   •Considered Mr. Foroughi’s and  
  The past and expected future     Mr. Shikin’s instrumental       
  contributions to the Company     contribution to our growth      
  of Mr.                           to-date, and their deep         
  Foroughi and Mr. Shikin;         industry expertise and          
  including the                    entrepreneurial spirit that we  
  criticality of these             believe to be competitive       
  participants to the              advantages.                     
  future success of the            •Implemented a holding          
  business and                     requirement for Mr. Foroughi    
  delivery of value to             of a minimum of 6,902,000       
  stockholders; and                shares of our Class A and       
  our Board of Directors’          Class B common stock (equal to  
  desire to                        100% of the number of PSUs      
  provide meaningful incentives    awarded to him) for a period    
  for Mr.                          of five years from the grant    
  Foroughi and Mr. Shikin to       date, regardless of whether or  
  continue                         not any PSUs are actually       
  serving in their respective      earned.                         
  positions                        •Implemented a one year         
  and driving the growth of the    holding requirement for Mr.     
  business.                        Shikin (other than in a change  
                                   in control, termination         
                                   without cause, or voluntary     
                                   resignation) and other          
                                   participants in the PSU         
                                   program with respect to any     
                                   after-tax shares that are       
                                   issued pursuant to any earned   
                                   PSUs.                           
                                   •Considered decision as part    
                                   of a comprehensive assessment   
                                   of the impact of equity         
                                   compensation on stockholders,   
                                   rather than making decisions    
                                   about the PSU program as an     
                                   isolated exercise.              
                                   •Prior to granting the PSUs,    
                                   reviewed the accounting         
                                   expense and recognition         
                                   associated with the PSU         
  The stock-based compensation     program along with the          
  and                              accounting expense and          
  dilutive impact of the PSU       recognition associated with     
  program in                       all company equity awards.      
  particular and the company’s     •Reviewed the impact of         
  equity                           stock-based compensation as a   
  programs in general.             percentage of revenue and the   
                                   percent of equity granted as    
                                   compared to outstanding stock.  
                                   The total PSU program was       
                                   approximately 4.6% of the       
                                   number of shares outstanding    
                                   at the time of grant, but the   
                                   full dilution of the program    
                                   would not be realized unless    
                                   all PSUs were earned—requiring  
                                   536% stock price growth from    
                                   the date of grant.              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation492024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Key Considerations               Implementation in               
                                   Decision-making                 
                                   •Compared relative              
                                   compensation and ownership      
  Market data for similarly        levels at peer companies.       
  situated                         •Considered aggregate data on   
  executives at comparable         total cost of compensation and  
  companies with                   total stock-based compensation  
  an emphasis on the ownership     dilution.                       
  percentage                       •Reviewed program against       
  and equity value of founder      AppLovin’s human capital        
  chief                            philosophy, which is that       
  executive officers and chief     better results can be achieved  
  technology                       with a smaller group of         
  officers.                        stellar performers than with a  
                                   larger number of lesser         
                                   contributors.                   
                                   •Considered the fact that Mr.   
                                   Foroughi had no unvested        
                                   holdings at the time of grant,  
                                   and only 27% of Mr. Shikin’s    
                                   holdings were unvested at the   
                                   end of 2023 without any         
                                   additional grants.              
  The percentage ownership in      •Considered appropriate         
  the Company                      compensation levels for         
  and value of such ownership      general service to the          
  of Mr.                           Company, again referencing      
  Foroughi and Mr. Shikin and      market data and how this award  
  the amount                       would compare to market         
  of their ownership interests     comparables as part of an       
  unvested at                      overall compensation package.   
  the time of grant as compared    •Considered the motivational    
  to the                           value of establishing certain   
  amount of vested ownership.      stock price benchmarks to be    
                                   achieved within a fixed amount  
                                   of time and what such an        
                                   opportunity would look like in  
                                   absolute terms, as a portion    
                                   of the stockholder value        
                                   created, and against other      
                                   market examples of              
                                   performance-based awards.       
                                                                   
The PSUs are eligible to vest based on our stock price performance
over a performance period beginning on the first trading day
following the grant date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the
grant date. Each individual’s award of PSUs is divided into five
equal tranches that are eligible to vest based on the achievement
of stock price targets, which are measured based on the minimum
closing price of our Class A common stock over a consecutive 30
trading day period during the performance period as set forth
below. This measurement period was designed to reward Mr. Foroughi
and Mr. Shikin only if the Company achieves rigorous stock price
hurdles and sustains them for at least 30 consecutive days.
                                                                   
                  PSUs Eligible                                    
                    to Vest (#)                                    
  Company                                              Additional  
  Stock Price     Adam Foroughi    Vasily Shikin     Participants  
  Target                                                      (in  
  ($)                                                  aggregate)  
  36.00               1,380,400        1,380,400          690,200  
  46.75               1,380,400        1,380,400          690,200  
  57.50               1,380,400        1,380,400          690,200  
  68.25               1,380,400        1,380,400          690,200  
  79.00               1,380,400        1,380,400          690,200  
  Total               6,902,000        6,902,000        3,451,000  
                                                                   
The first stock price target (the “threshold price”) is $36.00 per
share, or nearly 300% our closing stock price of $12.41 on the date
of grant. Each subsequent tranche’s stock price target increases by
$10.75, making the four additional stock price targets $46.75,
$57.50, $68.25 and $79.00. Each subsequent stock price target above
the threshold price is intended to represent an incremental
increase of approximately $4 billion in market capitalization.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation502024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
If the closing price of our Class A common stock fails to reach the
threshold price over a consecutive 30 trading day period during the
performance period, or if an individual terminates service to the
Company during a period where the closing price of our Class A
common stock is above the threshold price but has not yet fulfilled
the consecutive 30 trading day period, no portion of the PSUs shall
vest. The stock price targets and number of shares of our Class A
common stock underlying the PSUs will be adjusted to reflect any
stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, reorganizations,
reclassifications, or similar event under the 2021 Plan.

In the event of a change in control of the Company following the
grant date but before the end of the performance period, the PSUs
may be eligible to vest in additional amounts if the per share
transaction price in the change in control is above the threshold
price but below an additional stock price target(s) that has not
previously been achieved, in which case the additional amount of
PSUs will vest immediately prior to the closing of the change in
control.

In the event of termination of employment for “cause” or
resignation without “good reason” (each as defined in their PSU
agreement), any portion of a participant’s PSUs for which a stock
price target has not been achieved will immediately terminate and
be forfeited to the Company. For each of Mr. Foroughi and Mr.
Shikin, in the event of termination without “cause”, resignation
for “good reason”, or termination upon death or disability, any
unvested PSUs will remain outstanding and eligible to vest if a
stock price target is achieved within twelve months of the date of
separation.

Each vested PSU will be settled in a share of our Class A common
stock on the next company standard quarterly vesting date occurring
on or after the date on which the PSU vests. To the extent required
by law or the rules of the stock exchange upon which our Class A
common stock is listed, our Compensation Recovery Policy will apply
to all awards.
                                                                   
  Earned Performance-Based Equity Grant Tranches                   
                                                                   
Through April 11, 2024, AppLovin’s stock price exceeded the $36.00,
the 46.75 and the $57.50 hurdles, in each case, for 30 consecutive
trading days reflecting a total increase in market capitalization
of more than $16 billion from the PSU grant date and as a result,
the first three tranches of PSUs under the program have been earned
through this date.
                                                                   
  Benefits                                                         
                                                                   
Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in the
same benefits programs offered to all employees. We maintain a tax-
qualified 401(k) retirement plan that provides eligible U.S.
employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-
advantaged basis, subject to limitations established by the tax
laws. The company matches 100% of the first 1% of employee
contributions and up to 50% on the next 5% of employee
contributions, up to a maximum of 3.5% of the employee’s annual
income. Our company match is fully vested as of each contribution
date. The 401(k) plan is intended to be qualified under Code
Section 401(a) with the 401(k) plan’s related trust intended to be
tax exempt under Code Section 501(a). As a tax-qualified retirement
plan, contributions to the 401(k) plan and earnings on those
contributions are not taxable to the employees until distributed
from the 401(k) plan. Our named executive officers are permitted to
participate in the same health and welfare plans as other U.S.
employees, including medical, dental, and vision plans, as well as
our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”).
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation512024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Other Compensation Information                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Accounting Considerations                                        
                                                                   
We take financial reporting implications into consideration in
designing compensation plans and arrangements for the members of
our executive team, other employees and members of our Board of
Directors. These accounting considerations include Financial
Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic
718 (“ASC Topic 718”), the standard which governs the accounting
treatment of stock-based compensation awards. Part of our
Compensation Committee and Board of Director’s extensive analysis
of the PSU structure was the aggregate financial accounting expense
and timing of when that expense would be recognized, both on a
stand-alone basis and in connection with other stock-based
compensation.
                                                                   
  Tax Considerations                                               
                                                                   
We do not provide any of our named executive officers with a gross-
up or other reimbursement for tax amounts the individual might pay
pursuant to Code Sections 280G, 4999 or 409A. Code Sections 280G
and 4999 provide that named executive officers, directors who hold
significant stockholder interests and certain other service
providers could be subject to significant additional taxes if they
receive payments or benefits in connection with a change in control
of our company that exceeds certain limits, and that we or our
successor could lose a deduction on the amounts subject to the
additional tax. Code Section 409A also imposes significant taxes on
the individual in the event that an executive officer, director or
other service provider receives “deferred compensation” that does
not meet the requirements of Code Section 409A.

Under Code Section 162(m), we are subject to limits on the
deductibility of executive compensation. Deductible compensation is
limited to $1 million per year for the CEO and certain of our
current and former highly compensated executive officers
(collectively “covered employees”). While we cannot predict how the
deductibility limit may impact our compensation program in future
years, we intend to maintain an approach to executive compensation
that strongly links pay to performance. In addition, although we
have not adopted a formal policy regarding tax deductibility of
compensation paid to our named executive officers, the Board of
Directors may consider tax deductibility under Code Section 162(m)
as a factor in its compensation decisions.
                                                                   
  Hedging and Pledging Policies                                    
                                                                   
We have established an Insider Trading Policy, which, among other
things, prohibits short sales, engaging in transactions in
publicly-traded options (such as puts and calls) and other
derivative securities relating to our common stock. This
prohibition extends to any hedging or similar transaction designed
to decrease the risks associated with holding our securities. In
addition, our named executive officers are prohibited from holding
any of our securities in a margin account and from pledging more
than 10% of the outstanding Class A common stock (or Class B common
stock convertible into Class A common stock) held by such
individual as collateral for a loan.
                                                                   
  Employment Arrangements                                          
                                                                   
We have entered into employment letters with each of our executive
officers. Each of these arrangements was approved by the
Compensation Committee or our Board of Directors.

In filling each of our executive positions, our Board of Directors
or the Compensation Committee, as applicable, recognized that we
would need to develop competitive compensation packages to attract
qualified candidates in a dynamic labor market. At the same time,
our Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee were
sensitive to the need to integrate new executive officers into the
executive compensation structure, balancing both competitive and
internal equity considerations.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation522024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Each of our employment arrangements provides for “at will”
employment (meaning that either we or the executive officer may
terminate the employment relationship at any time with or without
cause) and sets forth the initial compensation arrangements for the
executive officer, including an initial base salary, participation
in our employee benefit programs, an equity award recommendation,
and, in some cases, sign-on bonuses and reimbursement or payment of
relocation expenses. These employment arrangements also prohibit
the executive officer from engaging directly or indirectly in
competition with us during their employment, diverting our
customers to a competitor, or disclosing our confidential
information or business practices, and recruiting or soliciting any
of our employees for a period after their employment.

Our named executive officers have also entered into change in
control and severance agreements with the company. These post-
employment compensation terms are discussed in “Post-Employment
Compensation” below.
                                                                   
  Post-Employment Compensation                                     
                                                                   
Each of our named executive officers participates in our Executive
Change in Control and Severance Plan (the “Executive Severance
Plan”) which provides these individuals with certain protection in
the event of their termination of employment under specified
circumstances, including following a change in control of the
company. Our Executive Severance Plan was developed with input from
our independent compensation consultant at the time, Radford (Aon
plc), regarding severance practices at comparable companies. The
Executive Severance Plan is designed to attract, retain, and reward
senior level employees. The Executive Severance Plan generally is
in lieu of any other severance payments and benefits to which such
key employee may have been entitled to prior to signing their
participation agreement.

The payments and benefits provided under our Executive Severance
Plan are described in the “Potential Payments on Termination or
Change of Control” section on page 59.

In addition to the benefits under the Executive Severance Plan, the
PSUs granted to Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin may be eligible to vest
in additional amounts in the event of a change in control of the
Company before the end of the PSU performance period if the per
share transaction price in the change in control is above the
threshold price, but below an additional stock price target(s) that
has not previously been achieved, in which case the additional
amount of PSUs will vest immediately prior to the closing of the
change in control. Further, in the event of termination of Mr.
Foroughi or Mr. Shikin’s employment for “cause” or resignation
without “good reason” (each as defined in their PSU agreement), any
portion of a participant’s PSUs for which a stock price target has
not been achieved will immediately terminate and be forfeited to
the Company. In the event of termination of Mr. Foroughi or Mr.
Shikin without “cause”, resignation for “good reason”, or
termination upon death or disability, any unvested PSUs will remain
outstanding and eligible to vest if a stock price target is
achieved within twelve months of the date of separation.

We believe that these protections were necessary to induce these
individuals to accept a demanding position with the company and
help retain them. These arrangements provide reasonable
compensation to an executive officer if they leave our employ under
certain circumstances to facilitate transition to new employment.
Further, in some instances, we seek to mitigate any potential
employer liability and avoid future disputes or litigation by
requiring a departing executive officer to sign a separation and
release agreement as a condition to receiving post-employment
compensation payments or benefits. We also believe that these
arrangements help maintain our executive officers continued focus
and dedication to their assigned duties to maximize stockholder
value if there is a potential transaction that could involve a
change in control of the company. The terms and conditions were
approved by our Board of Directors after an analysis of competitive
market data provided by our independent compensation consultant.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation532024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Compensation Risk Assessment                                     
                                                                   
We have undertaken a risk review of our employee compensation plans
and arrangements in which our employees (including our executive
officers) participate, to determine whether these plans and
arrangements have any features that might create undue risks or
encourage unnecessary and excessive risk-taking that could threaten
stockholder value. In our review, we considered numerous factors
and design elements that manage and mitigate risk, and based on our
review, we concluded that any potential risks arising from our
employee compensation programs, including our executive programs,
are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
Company.
                                                                   
  Compensation Committee Report                                    
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with
management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis provided above.
Based on such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement and the
company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023.

Respectfully submitted by the members of the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors for fiscal year 2023:
                                                                   
  Edward Oberwager (Chair)                                         
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Craig Billings                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation542024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2023                  
                                                                   
The amounts below represent the compensation awarded to, earned by,
or paid to our named executive officers for the years shown.
                                                                   
                                       …       …                   
           …    …    …       …         …       …               T…  
      …    …    …    …       …         …       …               (…  
                     …       …         …       …                   
                                       …                           
      …    …    —    —       …         —          …            8…  
      …    —    —    —            —       …            …           
      …    —    —    —            —       …               …        
      …    …    —    —       …         —          …            3…  
      …    —    —    —            —       …            …           
      …    —    —    —            —       …               …        
      …    …    —    —       …         —          …            9…  
      …    —    —    —            —       …            …           
      …    —    —       …         —       …               …        
      …    …    —    —       …         —          …            6…  
      …    —    —    —            —       …            …           
      …    —    —       …         —       …               …        
      …    …    —    —       …         —          …            1…  
      …    —    —    —            —       …            …           
      …    …    —       …         —       …            …           
                                                                   
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received, and
there can be no assurance that these amounts will ever be realized.
Instead, the amount shown is the grant date fair value of the
awards computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718, disregarding
forfeiture assumptions. Information regarding the assumptions used
to estimate the fair value of stock options is set forth in Note 11
to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
Amounts reported represent the grant date fair value of RSUs and
PSUs calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The grant
date fair value of RSU awards was calculated based on the closing
price per share of our Class A common stock on the date of grant.
The grant date fair value of PSU awards with market conditions was
determined using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model. This
requires the input of assumptions, including the expected stock
volatility, the risk-free interest rate, the expected dividend
yield and the discount for post-vesting restrictions, as
applicable. Information regarding the assumptions used to estimate
the fair value of PSU awards is set forth in Note 11 to our
consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. If the PSU
awards were instead valued based on the maximum outcome of the
applicable performance conditions, the grant date fair value of the
PSUs granted in this column for 2023 would be as follows: Mr.
Foroughi $52,427,592 and Mr. Shikin $41,619,060.

2. For 2023, the reported amount of all other compensation for each
named executive officer consists of two components: (i) an $1,800
work-from-home cash stipend paid to all employees, including each
named executive officer, in each of fiscal year 2021, 2022 and 2023
and (ii) amounts paid to each named executive officer in connection
with 401(k) Company matching.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation552024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2023                              
                                                                   
The following table sets forth information relating to plan-based
awards that were granted to our named executive officers during the
year ended December 31, 2023.
                                                                   
                                            All                    
                 Est…                       Oth…            Grant  
                 Fut…                       Sto…             Date  
                 Pay…                       Awa…             Fair  
         Gra…    Und…                       Num…            Value  
  Na…    Date    Equ…                       of                 of  
                 Inc…                       Sha…            Stock  
                 Plan                       of                and  
                 Awa…                       Sto…            Opti…  
                                            or              Awar…  
                                            Uni…                   
  Th…    Tar…    Max…                                              
  (#)    -#        -#         -#            -$                     
  Ad…    02/…       —    —    —             661…            8,74…  
  Fo…                                                              
  03…    —       6,9…    —          —               52,…           
  03…    —          —    —          520…            6,4…           
  11…    —          —    —          390…            15,…           
  He…    11/…       —    —    —             62,…            2,73…  
  Ch…                                                              
  Ka…    02/…       —    —    —             440…            5,82…  
  Ja…                                                              
  11…    —          —    —          72,…            2,8…           
  Va…    02/…       —    —    —             661…            8,74…  
  Sh…                                                              
  03…    —       6,9…    —          —               41,…           
  03…    —          —    —          520…            6,4…           
  11…    —          —    —          260…            10,…           
  Vi…    02/…       —    —    —             440…            5,82…  
  Va…                                                              
  11…    —          —    —          130…            5,1…           
                                                                   
1. The amounts in these columns reflect the PSUs granted to Messrs.
Foroughi and Shikin under the Company’s 2021 Plan in 2023. The
PSUs, granted on March 13, 2023, are divided into five equal
tranches that are eligible to vest based on the achievement of
certain stock price targets between $36 and $79, measured based on
the minimum closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock
over a consecutive 30 trading day period during the five-year
performance period beginning on the date of grant, subject to
Messrs. Foroughi and Shikin’s continued employment through the
applicable vesting date. The PSUs may continue to vest for up to
one year after termination of employment if certain conditions are
met. For more details, see “Potential Payments on Termination or
Change in Control” on page 59.

2. Amounts reported represent the grant date fair value of RSUs and
PSUs calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The grant
date fair value of RSU awards was calculated based on the closing
price per share of our Class A common stock on the date of grant.
The grant date fair value of PSU awards with market conditions was
determined using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing model. This
requires the input of assumptions, including the expected stock
volatility, the risk-free interest rate, the expected dividend
yield and the discount for post-vesting restrictions, as
applicable.

3. The amounts shown reflect the RSUs granted to the NEOs under the
Company’s 2021 Plan in 2023. Subject to the NEOs’ continued role as
a service provider, 1/4th of the RSUs shall vest on February 20,
2023 and 1/4th of the RSUs shall vest quarterly thereafter.

4. The amounts shown reflect the RSUs granted to Messrs. Foroughi
and Shikin under the Company’s 2021 Plan in 2023. Subject to
Messrs. Foroughi and Shikin’s continued role as a service provider,
100% of the RSUs shall vest on February 20, 2024.

5. The amounts shown reflect the RSUs granted to the NEOs under the
Company’s 2021 Plan in 2023. Subject to the NEOs’ continued role as
a service provider, 1/4th of the RSUs shall vest on February 20,
2024 and 1/4th of the RSUs shall vest quarterly thereafter.

6. The amount shown reflects the RSUs granted to Mr. Chen under the
Company’s 2021 Plan in 2023. Subject to Mr. Chen’s continued
service as an advisor to the CEO through fiscal year 2024, 1/4th of
the RSUs shall vest on February 20, 2024 and 1/4th of the RSUs
shall vest quarterly thereafter.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation562024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Outstanding Equity Awards at 2023 Year-End                       
                                                                   
The following table sets forth information relating to outstanding
equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December
31, 2023.
                                                                   
  N…    Gr…    Op…                         S…                      
        Da…    Aw…                         A…                      
                                                 Eq…               
                                           E…    In…               
                                           I…    Pl…               
                                    Ma…    P…    Aw…               
                             Nu…    va…    A…    Ma…               
                              of    of     N…    or                
  N…    Nu…                  Sh…    Sh…    of    Pa…               
  of    of                    or    or     U…    va…               
  S…    Sh…    Op…    Op…    Un…    Un…    S…    of                
  U…    Un…    Ex…    Ex…     of    of     U…    Un…               
  U…    Un…    Pr…    Da…    St…    St…    or    Sh…               
  O…    Op…    ($…           th…    th…    o…    Un…               
  E…    Un…                  ha…    ha…    R…    or                
                             not    not    t…    ot…               
                             ve…    ve…    h…    Ri…               
                                    ($…    n…    th…               
                                           v…    ha…               
                                           (…    not               
                                                 ve…               
                                                 ($…               
  A…    03…    —      —        —    —       —    —      5…    22…  
  F…                                                               
  0…    —      —      —        —    52…    2…    —       —         
  1…    —      —      —        —    39…    1…    —       —         
  H…    11…    2,…    —      5.…    11…     —    —       —      —  
  C…                                                               
  1…    —      —      —        —    62…    2…    —       —         
  K…    11…    75…    —      19…    11…     —    —       —      —  
  J…                                                               
  0…    —      —      —        —    75…    2…    —       —         
  1…    —      —      —        —    72…    2…    —       —         
  V…    12…    56…    —      5.…    12…     —    —       —      —  
  S…                                                               
  0…    —      —      —        —    25…    9…    —       —         
  0…    —      —      —        —    —       —    5,…    2…         
  0…    —      —      —        —    52…    2…    —       —         
  1…    —      —      —        —    26…    1…    —       —         
  V…    05…    18…    —      7.…    05…     —    —       —      —  
  V…                                                               
  0…    —      —      —        —    1,…    5…    —       —         
  0…    —      —      —        —    50…    1…    —       —         
  1…    —      —      —        —    13…    5…    —       —         
                                                                   
1. This column represents the option exercise price per share of
our Class A common stock on the grant date, as determined by our
Board of Directors.

2. The closing price of our Class A common stock on December 29,
2023 was $39.85.

3. These securities are PSUs. Each PSU represents a contingent
right to receive one share of Class A common stock. The PSUs are
eligible to vest based on the Company's stock price performance
over a performance period beginning on the first trading day
following the Grant Date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the
Grant Date, subject to Messrs. Foroughi and Shikin's continuing to
be a service provider through each such date.

4. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the one-year
vesting condition is satisfied, subject to the Messrs Foroughi and
Shikin's continued role as a service provider to us, as to 100% of
the total shares vesting on February 20, 2024.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation572024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
5. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting
conditions are satisfied, subject to the NEOs continued role as a
service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on February
20, 2024 with 1/4th of the total shares vesting quarterly
thereafter.

6. This option is fully vested.

7. These securities are RSUs that Mr. Chen received for his new
role as an advisor to the Company's Chief Executive Officer for a
one-year transition period. Each RSU represents a contingent right
to receive one share of Class A common stock. 1/4th of the RSUs
shall vest on February 20, 2024 and 1/4th of the RSUs shall vest on
each three-month anniversary thereafter, subject to Mr. Chen's
continuing to be a service provider through each such date.

8. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is
immediately exercisable. The vesting conditions are satisfied,
subject to Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service provider to us,
as to 1/4th of the total shares on November 13, 2021 with 1/48th of
the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.

9. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting
conditions are satisfied, subject to the NEOs continued role as a
service provider to us, as to 2/5ths of the total shares on
November 20, 2022 with 1/20th of the total shares vesting quarterly
thereafter.

10. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject to Mr.
Shikin’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of
the total shares on December 1, 2019 with 1/48th of the total
shares vesting monthly thereafter.

11. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is
immediately exercisable. The shares underlying this stock option
vest, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s continued role as a service
provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on May 19, 2021
with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.

12. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options
that remain subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The
option award is for a total of 750,000 shares. The vesting
conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s continued
role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares
on May 19, 2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly
thereafter.
                                                                   
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2023                        
                                                                   
The following table shows the stock awards vested, and value
realized upon vesting, by our named executive officers during
fiscal 2023.
                                                                   
  Name     Option                      Stock                       
           Awards                     Awards                       
  Numb…    Value           Number               Value              
  of       Realiz…         of                   Reali…             
  Shar…    on              Shares               on                 
  Acqu…    Exerci…         Acqui…               Vesti…             
  on       ($)             on                   ($)                
  Exer…                    Vesti…                                  
  Adam     —          —              2,041,…              74,009…  
  Foro…                                                            
  Hera…    —          —                    —                    —  
  Chen                                                             
  Katie    —          —              478,417              14,094…  
  Jans…                                                            
  Vasi…    —          —              2,166,…              77,692…  
  Shik…                                                            
  Vict…    —          —              465,917              13,725…  
  Vale…                                                            
                                                                   
1. Based on the market price of our Class A common stock on the
date of exercise less the option exercise price paid for the
shares, multiplied by the number of shares for which the option was
exercised.

2. Based on the market price of our Class A common stock on the
vesting date, multiplied by the number of shares vested. Stock
awards vesting represent either the vesting and settlement of
restricted stock units, or early-exercised options as the
repurchase right lapses.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation582024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Potential Payments on Termination or Change in Control
                                                                   
  Change in Control and Severance Agreements                       
                                                                   
In March 2021, our Board of Directors adopted an Executive Change
in Control and Severance Plan (the “Executive Severance Plan”)
pursuant to which our executive officers and certain other key
employees are eligible to receive severance benefits, as specified
in and subject to the employee signing a participation agreement
under our Executive Severance Plan. This Executive Severance Plan
was developed with input from our independent compensation
consultant at the time, Radford (Aon plc), regarding severance
practices at comparable companies. The Executive Severance Plan is
designed to attract, retain, and reward senior level employees. The
Executive Severance Plan generally is in lieu of any other
severance payments and benefits to which such key employee was
entitled prior to signing the participation agreement, except as
specifically provided under that employee’s participation agreement
under the Executive Severance Plan.

Our Board of Directors has designated each of our executive
officers as a participant under our Executive Severance Plan
eligible for the rights to the applicable payments and benefits
described below.

In the event of a “termination” of the employment of a named
executive officer by us for a reason other than “cause” or the
named executive officer’s death or “disability” (as such terms are
defined in our Executive Severance Plan), that occurs outside the
change in control period (as described below), the named executive
officer will be entitled to the following payments and benefits:

• a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named executive
officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months in the case of Mr.
Foroughi; and

• reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health
coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985
as amended (“COBRA”) for a period of 12 months, or 18 months in the
case of Mr. Foroughi.

In the event of a “termination” of the employment by us for a
reason other than “cause” or the named executive officer’s death or
“disability” or by the named executive officer for “good reason”
(as such terms are defined in our Executive Severance Plan), in
either case, occurring within a period beginning 3 months prior to
and ending 12 months following a “change in control” (as defined in
our Executive Severance Plan) (such period, the change in control
period), the named executive officer will be entitled to the
following payments and benefits:

• a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named executive
officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months in the case of Mr.
Foroughi;

• reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for a period of 18 months, 24 months in the
case of Mr. Foroughi; and

• 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards, and,
with respect to equity awards with performance-based vesting, all
performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved
at 100% of target levels for the relevant performance period(s).

While Mr. Chen is no longer a named executive officer as of January
1, 2024, through December 31, 2023, his Executive Severance Plan
provided that 100% of the unvested portion of his November 5, 2019
option grant (his “unvested options”) would vest if his employment
was involuntarily terminated without “cause“ or he resigned for
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation592024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
“good reason” within the twelve months following a “change of
control”, and 50% of his unvested options would vest upon an
“acquisition” (each term as defined in his participation
agreement).

The receipt of the payments and benefits provided for under the
Executive Severance Plan described above is conditioned on the
named executive officer signing and not revoking a separation and
release of claims agreement and such release becoming effective and
irrevocable no later than the 60th day following the named
executive officer’s involuntary termination of employment, as well
as compliance with certain non-disparagement provisions and
continued compliance with any confidentiality, proprietary
information, and inventions agreement applicable to the named
executive officer.

If any of the payments or benefits provided for under the Executive
Severance Plan or otherwise payable to a named executive officer
would constitute “parachute payments” within the meaning of Section
280G of the Code and could be subject to the related excise tax,
the named executive officer will receive either full payment of
such payments and benefits or such lesser amount that would result
in no portion of the payments and benefits being subject to the
excise tax, whichever results in the greater amount of after-tax
benefits to them. Except as discussed above, the Executive
Severance Plan does not require us to provide any tax gross-up
payments to the named executive officers.

Finally, in addition to the benefits under the Executive Severance
Plan, the PSUs granted to Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin may be
eligible to vest in additional amounts in the event of a change in
control of the Company before the end of the PSU performance period
if the per share transaction price in the change in control is
above the threshold price, but below an additional stock price
target(s) that has not previously been achieved, in which case the
additional amount of PSUs will vest immediately prior to the
closing of the change in control. Further, in the event of
termination of Mr. Foroughi or Mr. Shikin’s employment for “cause”
or resignation without “good reason” (each as defined in their PSU
agreement), any portion of a participant’s PSUs for which a stock
price target has not been achieved will immediately terminate and
be forfeited to the Company. In the event of termination of Mr.
Foroughi or Mr. Shikin without “cause”, resignation for “good
reason”, or termination upon death or disability, any unvested PSUs
will remain outstanding and eligible to vest if a stock price
target is achieved within twelve months of the date of separation.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation602024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Amount of Payments Upon Termination at 2023 Year-End

The following tables sets forth the potential payments that would
have been provided to each of our named executive officers under
each of the circumstances specified below if his or her employment
with us was terminated without “cause”, resignation for “good
reason” or due to death or disability (as each is defined in their
equity grant awards) during fiscal year 2023.
                                                                   
               Terminati…                                          
               Outside of                                          
                Change in                                          
                  Control                                          
               Period ($)                                          
                                            Accelerat…             
                   Annual          COBRA    of Vesting             
  Name               Base    Premiums(2)    of              Total  
                Salary(1)                   Equity                 
                                            Awards                 
  Adam            600,000         52,124    —             652,124  
  Foroughi                                                         
  Herald          400,000         34,749    —             434,749  
  Chen                                                             
  Katie           400,000         34,749    —             434,749  
  Jansen                                                           
  Vasily          400,000         24,118    —             424,118  
  Shikin                                                           
  Victoria        400,000         34,749    —             434,749  
  Valenzue…                                                        
                                                                   
1. Based on a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named
executive officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months in the case of
Mr. Foroughi.

2. Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for a period of 12 months, or 18 months in the
case of Mr. Foroughi. Amounts in the table are based on estimated
premium cost of continued health coverage under COBRA for the 12 or
18 months beginning January 2024.
                                                                   
               Terminat…                                           
                  within                                           
               Change in                                           
                 Control                                           
                  Period                                           
                     ($)                                           
                                          Accelera…                
                  Annual                         of                
  Name              Base         COBRA      Vesting         Total  
               Salary(1)    Premiums(…           of                
                                             Equity                
                                          Awards(3)                
  Adam           800,000        69,499    110,996,…    111,866,2…  
  Foroughi…                                                        
  Herald         600,000        52,124    2,487,357     3,139,481  
  Chen                                                             
  Katie          600,000        52,124    6,589,511     7,241,635  
  Jansen                                                           
  Vasily         600,000        36,177    115,777,…    116,413,4…  
  Shikin(4)                                                        
  Victoria       600,000        52,124    9,660,253    10,312,377  
  Valenzue…                                                        
                                                                   
1. Based on a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named
executive officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months in the case of
Mr. Foroughi.

2. Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for a period of 18 months, 24 months in the
case of Mr. Foroughi. Amounts in the table are based on estimated
premium cost of continued health coverage under COBRA for the 18 or
24 months beginning January 2024.

3. Based on 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity
awards.

4. The performance-based RSUs, or PSUs, granted to Mr. Foroughi and
Mr. Shikin on March 13, 2023 vest upon the achievement of certain
stock price targets. Any of these PSUs that have not vested as of
the closing of a change in control are forfeited upon the change in
control; provided that Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin will be eligible
to vest in additional amounts upon the closing of a change in
control if the per share transaction price is above the threshold
price of the PSUs. If a change in control occurred on December 31,
2023 and based on the closing price of the Class A common stock as
of such date, PSUs covering 1,874,776 shares would have vested for
each of Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation612024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Pay Versus Performance                                           
                                                                   
Under rules adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act (“PvP Rules”),
we are required to disclose certain information about the
relationship between the compensation actually paid to our named
executive officers and certain measures of company performance. The
material that follows is provided in compliance with the PvP Rules
and it is important to understand that because our executive
compensation is heavily weighted to compensation tied to the value
of our stock price, the PvP Rules require that the “compensation
actually paid” figures in the table below are higher when the stock
price goes up and lower when our stock price goes down. In
particular, our 2023 compensation actually paid is influenced by
increases in our stock price between the PSU grants described above
and the end of 2023—a period during which our market capitalization
increased over 240%, resulting in almost $9.5B in additional value
to stockholders. Additional information regarding our compensation
philosophy, the structure of our performance-based compensation
programs, and compensation decisions made this year is described
above in our “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”.

The following table provides information regarding compensation
actually paid to our principal executive officer (“PEO”), and other
named executive officers (“non-PEO NEOs”) for each year from 2021
to 2023, compared to our total shareholder return (“TSR”) and an
index of peer companies from April 15, 2021 through the end of each
such year and our net income for each such year. April 15, 2021 is
the first day our common stock began trading on Nasdaq.
                                                                   
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                 …       …                                         
                 …       …                                         
                 …       …       …       …                         
         …       …       …       …       …                         
         …       …       …       …       …                         
         …       …       …       …       …                         
         …       …       …       …       …               …         
         …       …       …       …       …               …         
         …       …       …       …       …               …         
         …       …       …       …       …               …         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
      $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $    
      $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $    
      $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $  …    $    
                                                                   
1. NEOs included in these columns reflect the following
individuals:
                                                                   
  Year    PEO              Non-PEO NEO’s                           
  2023    Adam Foroughi    Herald Chen, Basil Shikin, Katie        
                           Jansen, Victoria Valenzuela             
  2022    Adam Foroughi    Herald Chen, Basil Shikin, Katie        
                           Jansen, Victoria Valenzuela             
  2021    Adam Foroughi    Herald Chen, Basil Shikin, Katie        
                           Jansen, Victoria Valenzuela             
                                                                   
2. This figure is the total compensation paid to our PEO in each
listed year as shown in our Summary Compensation Table for such
listed year.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation622024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
3. This figure is the compensation actually paid for our PEO in
each listed year. Compensation actually paid does not mean that our
PEO was actually paid those amounts in the listed year or will ever
be paid these amounts, but this is a dollar amount derived by
starting with the Summary Compensation Table total compensation and
then applying certain adjustments pursuant PvP Rules. To calculate
compensation actually paid for 2023, the following amounts were
deducted from and added to the total compensation number shown in
the Summary Compensation Table:
                                                                   
                                            2023             2023  
                                       (For PEO)                   
                            -Average For Non-PEO                   
                                            NEOs                   
                                              -$               -$  
  Summary Compensation               $83,361,678      $22,760,940  
  Table Total                                                      
  Subtract Grant Date                                              
  Fair Value of Option                                             
  Awards and Stock                 $(82,949,922)    $(22,348,050)  
  Awards Granted in                                                
  Fiscal Year(a)                                                   
  Add Fair Value at                                                
  Fiscal Year-End of                                               
  Outstanding and                                                  
  Unvested Option                   $198,348,485      $42,428,394  
  Awards                                                           
  and Stock Awards                                                 
  Granted in Fiscal                                                
  Year(b)                                                          
  Adjust for Change in                                             
  Fair Value of                                                    
  Outstanding and                                                  
  Unvested Option                                                  
  Awards                                      $—       $3,460,490  
  and Stock Awards                                                 
  Granted in Prior                                                 
  Fiscal                                                           
  Years(b)                                                         
  Adjust for Fair Value                                            
  at Vesting of                                                    
  Option Awards and                                                
  Stock Awards Granted               $72,546,675      $22,295,047  
  in Fiscal Year That                                              
  Vested During Fiscal                                             
  Year(b)                                                          
  Adjust for Change in                                             
  Fair Value as of                                                 
  Vesting Date of                                                  
  Option Awards and                                                
  Stock                                                            
  Awards Granted in                                                
  Prior Fiscal Years                          $—       $6,089,922  
  For                                                              
  Which Applicable                                                 
  Vesting Conditions                                               
  Were                                                             
  Satisfied During                                                 
  Fiscal Year(b)                                                   
  Subtract Fair Value                                              
  as of Prior Fiscal                                               
  Year-End of Option                                               
  Awards and Stock                                                 
  Awards Granted in                           $—               $—  
  Prior Fiscal Years                                               
  That Failed to Meet                                              
  Applicable Vesting                                               
  Conditions During                                                
  Fiscal Year(b)                                                   
  Add Value of                                                     
  Dividends or other                                               
  Earnings                                                         
  Paid on Stock or                            $—               $—  
  Option Awards not                                                
  Otherwise Reflected                                              
  in Fair Value or                                                 
  Total Compensation                                               
  Compensation Actually             $271,342,916      $74,686,742  
  Paid                                                             
                                                                   
a. For purposes of the above adjustments, the fair value of equity
awards on the applicable date were determined in accordance with
FASB’s ASC Topic 718, using valuation methodologies that are
generally consistent with those used to determine the grant-date
fair value for accounting purposes. The amounts reflect the
aggregate grant-date fair value reported in the “Stock Awards” and
“Option Awards” columns in the Summary Compensation Table for the
applicable year.

b. The table below contains ranges of assumptions used in the
valuation of outstanding equity awards for the relevant fiscal
year(s). For more information, please see the notes to our
financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and the
footnotes to the Summary Compensation Table of this proxy
statement:
                                                   
                                             2023  
  Performance Share Units                          
  12/31 Stock Price                        $39.85  
  Volatility                                  65%  
  Risk-Free Interest Rate                    3.8%  
  Stock Options                                    
  Expected Term              2.1 years -5.9 years  
  Volatility                            73% - 80%  
  Dividend Yield                               —%  
  Risk-Free Interest Rate             3.5% - 4.9%  
                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation632024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
4. Total shareholder return is calculated by assuming that a $100
investment was made based on the closing stock price on the IPO
date of April 15, 2021 and reinvesting all dividends until the last
day of each reported fiscal year.
5. The peer group used is the S&P 500 Index Information Technology
Index, as used in our Stock Performance Graph in Form 10-K. Total
shareholder return is calculated by assuming that a $100 investment
was made based on the closing stock price on the IPO date of April
15, 2021 and reinvesting all dividends until the last day of each
reported fiscal year.
6. The dollar amounts reported are AppLovin’s net income reflected
in AppLovin’s audited financial statements.

7. The performance share units granted to the PEO and non-PEO NEOs
are based on the minimum closing stock price over a thirty
consecutive trading date period meeting or exceeding specified
stock price hurdles during a five-year performance period. AppLovin
does not utilize any other financial performance measures, as
defined under SEC rules, in its executive compensation programs,
and as such has determined to use the 30 trading day trailing
minimum closing stock price of our common stock as of the end of
each fiscal year (the “Stock Price”), as the most important
financial performance measure used by us to link compensation
actually paid to our PEO and non-PEO NEOs for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023 to our performance.
                                                                   
  Performance Measures                                             
                                                                   
Since stock price is the primary measure that links compensation
actually paid to performance, we list stock priceas our singular
measure for fiscal year 2023, see our “Compensation Philosophy” on
page 42.

Description of Relationships Between Compensation Actually Paid and
Performance

Below is a description, in a manner compliant with the PvP Rules,
of the relationship between Compensation Actually Paid and the
individual performance measures shown.
Compensation Actually Paid (CAP) Versus TSR
Our total shareholder return, based on a $100 investment in
AppLovin on its IPO date of April 15, 2021, was $144.57 as of the
end of 2021, $16.15 as of the end of 2022, and $61.12 as of the end
of 2023. These indexed investment returns translate into annual
total shareholder return rates of 44.57%, -83.85%, and -38.88% in
each of 2021, 2022, and 2023. CEO CAP amounts were $104,346,
$104,355, and $271,342,916 in each of 2021, 2022, and 2023,
respectively. Similarly, our other NEO CAP amounts as averaged were
$46,809,649, -$74,612,715, and $74,686,742 in 2021, 2022, and 2023,
respectively. As a result, the trajectory of our CAP values and
total shareholder return are directionally aligned over the
timeframe that the table covers because our total shareholder
return increased and decreased year-to-year in accordance with
increases and decreases in CAP.
Compensation Actually Paid Versus Net Income
Our GAAP net income was $35.3 million in 2021, -$192.9 million in
2022, and $360.8 million in 2023. CEO CAP amounts were $104,346,
$104,355, and $271,342,916 in each of 2021, 2022, and 2023,
respectively. Our other NEO CAP amounts as averaged were
$46,809,649, -$74,612,715, and $74,686,742 in 2021, 2022, and 2023,
respectively. As a result, the trajectory of our CAP values and
GAAP net income are directionally aligned over the timeframe that
the table covers.
Compensation Actually Paid Versus Stock Price
Our company-selected measure, stock price, was $65.20 at the close
of our first trading date on April 15, 2021. Our stock price was
$83.75 as of the end of 2021, $9.30 as of the end of 2022, and
$36.26 as of the end of 2023. These translate into price changes of
28.45%, -88.90%, and 289.89% in each of 2021 (from the closing
price on our first trading date through year-end), 2022, and 2023.
CEO CAP amounts were $104,346, $104,355, and $271,342,916 in each
of 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. Similarly, our other NEO CAP
amounts as averaged were $46,809,649, -$74,612,715, and $74,686,742
in 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. As a result, the trajectory
of our CAP values and stock price are directionally aligned over
the timeframe that the table covers because our stock price
increased and decreased year-to-year in accordance with increases
and decreases in CAP.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation642024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  CEO Pay Ratio                                                    
                                                                   
Under rules adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010,
AppLovin is required to calculate and disclose the total
compensation paid to its median paid employee, as well as the ratio
of the total compensation paid to the median employee as compared
to the total compensation paid to the CEO of AppLovin. The
paragraphs that follow describe our methodology and the resulting
CEO pay ratio.
                                                                   
  Measurement Date and Population Considered                       
                                                                   
We identified the median employee using our employee population on
December 31, 2023.

AppLovin is a global company that employs over 1,700 people with
employees in 17 countries.
                                                                   
  Consistently Applied Compensation Measure (CACM)                 
                                                                   
Under the applicable rules, we were required to identify the median
employee by use of a “consistently applied compensation measure,”
or CACM. We chose a CACM that closely approximates the annual total
direct compensation of our employees. Specifically, we identified
the median employee by looking at annual base pay only. We
converted earnings paid in local currency to U.S. dollars by
applying the exchange rate applicable on December 31, 2023. We have
annualized the compensation paid to partial-year employees and
employees on an unpaid leave of absence, as permitted by applicable
SEC regulations. In addition, we did not utilize any cost-of-living
adjustment as permitted by applicable SEC regulations.
                                                                   
  Methodology and Pay Ratio                                        
                                                                   
After applying our CACM methodology and excluding the employees
listed above, we identified the median employee. Once the median
employee was identified, we calculated the median employee’s total
annual compensation in accordance with the requirements of the
Summary Compensation Table on page 55.

Although our median employee’s compensation was calculated using
Summary Compensation Table requirements,this employee is located in
Germany, holds a generalist position and was not eligible for
equity, which resulted in only his total cash compensation of
$104,861 being included. Our CEO’s compensation as reported in the
Summary Compensation Table was $83,361,678. Therefore, our CEO to
median employee pay ratio is 795:1 . As a result of our
performance-based equity program, this was an exceptional year for
equity grants for our CEO for the reasons discussed above; and if
you were to assess the pay ratio based only on total cash
compensation, the pay ratio would have been 3.9:1.

This information is being provided for compliance purposes. Neither
the Compensation Committee nor management of the company used the
pay ratio measure in making compensation decisions.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation652024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table summarizes our equity compensation plan
information as of December 31, 2023. Information is included for
equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders. We do not
have any equity compensation plans not approved by our
stockholders.
                                                                   
                                                    Number of      
                                                    Securities     
                      Number of                     Remaining      
                     Securities    Weighted-Ave…    Available for  
                   to be Issued    Exercise         Future         
                           Upon    Price of         Issuance       
  Plan              Exercise of    Outstanding      Under Equity   
  Category          Outstanding    Options,         Compensation   
                       Options,    Warrants, and    Plans          
                  Warrants, and    Rights           (Excluding     
                         Rights                     Securities     
                                                    Reflected in   
                                                    the First      
                                                    Column)        
  Equity                                                           
  compensation                                                     
  plans              31,622,942    6.53(2)          63,304,000(3)  
  approved by                                                      
  security                                                         
  holders(1)                                                       
                                                                   
1. Includes the 2011 Plan, the 2021 Plan, the ESPP and the 2021
Partner Studio Incentive Plan (“2021 Partner Plan”). The 2011 Plan
was terminated for purposes of new grants effective April 2021.

2. RSUs, which do not have an exercise price, are excluded in the
calculation of weighted-average exercise price.

3. As of December 31, 2023, an aggregate of 63,304,000 shares of
Class A common stock were available for issuance under the 2021
Plan, the 2021 Partner Plan, and the ESPP. The 2021 Plan provides
that on the first day of each year beginning on January 1, 2022,
the number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance
thereunder is automatically increased by a number equal to the
least of (i) 39,000,000 shares, (ii) 5% of the outstanding shares
of all classes of our common stock as of the last day of our
immediately preceding fiscal year or (iii) such other amount as our
Board of Directors may determine. The ESPP provides that on the
first day of each year beginning January 1, 2022, the number of
shares of Class A common stock available for issuance thereunder is
automatically increased by a number equal to the least of (i)
7,800,000 shares, (ii) 1% of the outstanding shares of all classes
of our common stock as of the last day of our immediately preceding
fiscal year or (iii) such other amount as our Board of Directors
may determine. On January 1, 2024, the number of shares of Class A
common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and the
ESPP increased by 16,994,336 shares and 3,398,867 shares,
respectively, pursuant to these provisions. These changes are not
reflected in the table above.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation662024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2024
for:

• each of our named executive officers;

• each of our directors;

• all of our current directors and executive officers as a group;
and

• each person or group known by us to be the beneficial owner of
more than 5% of our Class A or Class B common stock.

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the
rules of the SEC, and thus it represents sole or shared voting or
investment power with respect to our securities. Unless otherwise
indicated below, to our knowledge, the persons and entities named
in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with
respect to all shares that they beneficially owned, subject to
community property laws where applicable.

We have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial
ownership on 273,916,065 shares of our Class A common stock,
55,042,821 shares of our Class B common stock, and no shares of our
Class C common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2024. We have
deemed shares of our common stock subject to stock options that are
currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 31,
2024 or issuable pursuant to RSUs which are subject to vesting and
settlement conditions expected to occur within 60 days of March 31,
2024, to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person
holding the stock option or RSU for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of that person. Given that our PSUs vest in
tranches based on the achievement of certain stock price targets
over 30 consecutive trading day periods and we cannot definitively
determine whether the stock price targets will be achieved within
60 days of March 31, 2024, shares of our common stock subject to
unvested PSU tranches that have not achieved the applicable price
target in the 30 consecutive trading day period prior to March 31,
2024 are not deemed beneficially owned by the person holding the
PSU. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the
purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner
listed in the table below is c/o AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. The information provided in
the table below is based on our records, information filed with the
SEC and information provided to us, except where otherwise noted.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation672024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
              Amount                                      Percent  
                 and                                           of  
              Nature                                        Total  
                  of                                       Voting  
             Benefi…                                        Power  
             Owners…                                          (%)  
             Class A                   Class B                     
              Shares                    Shares                     
  Name of                                                          
  Benefi…         -#             %          -#       %             
  Owner                                                            
  Named                                                            
  Execut…                                                          
  Office…                                                          
  and                                                              
  Direct…                                                          
  Adam       2,091,…             *    27,936,…    50.8       40.8  
  Foroug…                                                          
  Matthew    169,215             *           —       —          *  
  Stumpf…                                                          
  Katie      1,252,…             *           —       —          *  
  Jansen…                                                          
  Vasily     3,121,…           1.1           —       —          *  
  Shikin…                                                          
  Victor…    606,541             *           —       —          *  
  Valenz…                                                          
  Craig       43,937             *           —       —          *  
  Billin…                                                          
  Herald      81,209             *    4,446,4…     7.8        6.3  
  Chen(7)                                                          
  Margar…    214,742             *           —       —          *  
  Georgi…                                                          
  Alyssa                                                           
  Harvey              1,031      *           —       —          *  
  Dawson…                                                          
  Barbara               569      *           —       —          *  
  Messin…                                                          
  Todd                2,587      *           —       —          *  
  Morgen…                                                          
  Edward                  —      —           —       —          —  
  Oberwa…                                                          
  Eduardo    8,367,…           3.1           —       —          *  
  Vivas(…                                                          
  All                                                              
  current                                                          
  direct…                                                          
  named                                                            
  execut…                                                          
  office…                                                          
  and        15,952…           5.7    32,383,…    56.5       46.6  
  execut…                                                          
  office…                                                          
  as a                                                             
  group                                                            
  (13                                                              
  person…                                                          
  Shares                                                           
  subject                                                          
  to the     2,339,…             *    57,323,…     100       80.8  
  Voting                                                           
  Agreem…                                                          
  Greater                                                          
  than 5%                                                          
  stockh…                                                          
  KKR                                                              
  Denali     166,567             *    22,905,…    41.6       33.3  
  Holdin…                                                          
  L.P.(1…                                                          
  GQG                                                              
  Partne…    25,689…           9.4           —       —        1.9  
  LLC(16)                                                          
  Midterm                                                          
  Success    20,167…           7.4           —       —        1.5  
  Limite…                                                          
  Angel                                                            
  Pride      20,493…           7.5           —       —        1.5  
  Holdin…                                                          
  Limite…                                                          
  Andrew     19,000…           6.9           —       —        1.4  
  Karam(…                                                          
  The                                                              
  Vangua…    15,438…           5.6           —       —        1.1  
  Group(…                                                          
                                                                   
* Represents beneficial ownership or voting power of less than 1%.

1. Consists of (i) 613,534 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Foroughi, (ii) 27,936,907 shares of Class B common stock held
by Mr. Foroughi, (iii) 1,380,400 shares of Class A common stock
subject to PSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024,
and (iv) 97,530 shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs
scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024. Mr. Foroughi,
Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (collectively, with certain affiliates,
the Voting Agreement Parties), have entered into the Voting
Agreement, pursuant to which two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR
Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi) have the authority to
direct the vote of all shares of Class B common stock held by the
Voting Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities
and permitted transferees on all matters to be voted upon by
stockholders.The reported number does not include 1,380,400 shares
of Class A common stock subject to PSUs that vested upon the
achievement of certain stock price thresholds on April 8,. 2024 and
will be settled as soon as practicable after May 20, 2024.

2. Consists of (i) 98,351 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Stumpf, (ii) 34,510 shares of Class A common stock subject to
PSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024, and (iii)
36,354 shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs scheduled to
vest within
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation682024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
60 days of March 31, 2024. The reported number does not include
34,510 shares of Class A common stock subject to PSUs that vested
upon the achievement of certain stock price thresholds on April 8,
2024 and will be settled as soon as practicable after May 20, 2024.

3. Consists of (i) 1,144,043 shares of Class A common stock held by
Ms. Jansen, (ii) 6,086 shares of Class A common stock held by The
Jansen Family Trust, for which Ms. Jansen serves as trustee, (iii)
75,000 shares of Class A common stock subject to stock options held
by Ms. Jansen that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31,
2024, and (iv) 27,581 shares of Class A common stock subject to
RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024.

4. Consists of (i) 1,084,433 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Shikin, (ii) 560,400 shares of Class A common stock subject to
stock options held by Mr. Shikin that are exercisable within 60
days of March 31, 2024, (iii) 1,380,400 shares of Class A common
stock subject to PSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31,
2024, and (iv) 96,269 shares of Class A common stock subject to
RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024.The
reported number does not include 1,380,400 shares of Class A common
stock subject to PSUs that vested upon the achievement of certain
stock price thresholds on April 8, 2024 and will be settled as soon
as practicable after May 20, 2024.

5. Consists of (i) 380,281 shares of Class A common stock held by
Ms. Valenzuela, (ii) 187,500 shares of Class A common stock subject
to stock options held by Ms. Valenzuela that are exercisable within
60 days of March 31, 2024 and (iii) 38,760 shares of Class A common
stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31,
2024.

6. Consists of (i) 7,400 shares of Class A common stock held by The
CSB 2012 Living Trust, for which Mr. Billings serves as trustee,
and (ii) 36,537 shares of Class A common stock subject to stock
options held by Mr. Billings that are exercisable within 60 days of
March 31, 2024.

7. Consists of (i) 15,605 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Chen, (ii) 50,000 shares of Class A common stock held by The
Chen Family 2012 Irrevocable Trust, Herald Y. & Mei K. Chen as
Trustees (The Chen Family Trust), for which Mr. Chen and his spouse
serve as trustees, (iii) 1,836,258 shares of Class B common stock
held by Mr. Chen, (iv) 330,000 shares of Class B common stock held
by The Chen Family Trust, (v) 2,280,201 shares of Class B common
stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Chen that are
exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2024 (after giving effect
to the Equity Exchange Right Agreement), and (vi) 15,604 shares of
Class A common stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60
days of March 31, 2024. The Voting Agreement Parties have entered
into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to which two of the three
Voting Agreement Parties (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi) have
the authority to direct the vote and vote the shares of all Class B
common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their
respective permitted entities and permitted transferees on all
matters to be voted upon by stockholders.

8. Consists of (i) 29,742 shares of Class A common stock held by
Ms. Georgiadis and (ii) 185,000 shares of Class A common stock held
by Blue Sage Partners, LLC, for which Ms. Georgiadis and her spouse
share voting and dispositive power.

9. Consists of (i) 749 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.
Harvey Dawson and (ii) 282 shares of Class A common stock subject
to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024.

10. Consists of 569 shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs
scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024.

11. Consists of (i) 1,754 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Morgenfeld and (ii) 833 shares of Class A common stock subject
to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024.

12. Consists of (i) 8,351,954.249 shares of Class A common stock
held by Mr. Vivas and (ii) 15,537 shares of Class A common stock
subject to stock options held by Mr. Vivas that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2024.

13. Consists of (i) 11,982,117.249 shares of Class A common stock
held by our executive officers and directors, (ii) 30,103,165
shares of Class B common stock held by our executive officers and
directors (iii) 3,984,066 shares of Class A common stock subject to
stock options, PSUs and RSUs held by our executive officers and
directors that are exercisable or scheduled to vest within 60 days
of March 31, 2024, (iv) 2,280,201 shares of Class A common stock
subject to stock options held by Mr. Chen that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2024 (which may be exchanged for shares
of Class B common stock, and are reported in the table above as
such, pursuant to the Equity Exchange Right Agreement). The
reported number does not include 1,380,400 shares of Class A common
stock subject to PSUs that vested upon the achievement of certain
stock price thresholds on April 8,. 2024 and will be settled as
soon as practicable after May 20, 2024.

14. Consists of (i) 845,706 shares of Class A common stock held by
the Voting Agreement Parties, (ii) 55,042,821 shares of Class B
common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties, (iii) 1,493,534
shares of Class A common stock subject to PSUs and RSUs scheduled
to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2024, and (iv) 2,280,201 shares
of Class A common stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Chen
that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2024 (which may be
exchanged for shares of Class B common stock, and are reported in
the table above as such, pursuant to the Equity Exchange Right
Agreement).

15. Based solely on a Form 4 filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024,
consists of (i) 166,567 shares of Class A common stock and (ii)
22,905,489 shares of Class B common stock directly owned by KKR
Denali. Each of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC (as the general partner
of KKR Denali); KKR Americas Fund XII L.P. (as the sole member of
KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC); KKR Associates Americas XII L.P. (as
the general partner of KKR Americas Fund XII L.P.); KKR Americas
XII Limited (as general partner of KKR Associates Americas XII
L.P.); KKR Group Partnership L.P. (as sole member of KKR Americas
XII Limited); KKR Group Holdings Corp. (as the general partner of
KKR Group Partnership L.P.); KKR Group Co. Inc. (as the sole
shareholder of KKR Group Holdings Corp.); KKR & Co. Inc. (as the
sole shareholder of KKR Group Co. Inc.) and KKR Management LLP (as
the Series I preferred stockholder of KKR & Co. Inc.); and Messrs.
Henry R. Kravis and George R. Roberts (as the founding partners of
KKR Management LLP) may also be deemed to be the beneficial owners
having shared voting power and shared investment power over the
securities described in this footnote. The Voting Agreement Parties
have entered into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to which two of
Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr.
Foroughi) have the authority to direct the vote and vote the shares
of all Class B common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties
and their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees
on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. The principal
business address of each of the entities and persons identified in
this footnote, except Mr. Roberts, is c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts &
Co. L.P., 30 Hudson Yards, New York, New York 10001. The principal
business address for Mr. Roberts is c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts &
Co. L.P., 2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200, Menlo Park, CA 94025.

16. Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February
12, 2024, reporting sole voting power with respect to 22,823,957
shares of Class A Common Stock and sole dispositive power with
respect to 25,689,782 shares of Class A common stock by GQG
Partners LLC. The clients of GQG Partners LLC, including investment
companies registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and
separately managed accounts, have the right to receive or the power
to direct the receipt of dividends from, or the proceeds from the
sale of, the class of securities reported herein. No client has the
right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends
from, or the proceeds from the sale of, more than 5% of such class.

17. Based in part on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October
6, 2023, reporting shared voting power and shared dispositive power
with respect to 20,167,242 shares of Class A common stock by
Midterm Success Limited. Midterm Success Limited is the record
holder of the
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation692024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
securities reported herein. Mr. Hao Tang is the sole shareholder of
Asian Creative Capital Limited, which is the sole shareholder of
Midterm Success Limited. As a result of these relationships, the
Reporting Persons may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of
the securities reported herein.

18. Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February
9, 2024, reporting shared voting power and shared dispositive power
with respect to 20,493,747 shares of Class A common stock by Angel
Pride Holdings Limited (“Angel Pride”) as adjusted to give effect
to our subsequent repurchase of 3,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock from Angel Pride on March 7, 2024. These shares are held of
record by Angel Pride, of which Ling Tang is the shareholder and
sole director. Ms. Tang holds voting and investment discretion over
the shares held by Angel Pride and may be deemed to share
beneficial ownership over such shares. The principal business
address for Angel Pride is Vistra Corporate Services Centre,
Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin
Islands. The address for Ling Tang is Unit 11, 22/F., Global
Gateway Tower, Nos. 61 - 63 Wing Hong Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon,
Hong Kong.

19. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February
12, 2024, reporting sole voting power and sole dispositive power
with respect to 19,000,000 shares of Class A common stock.

20. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February
13, 2024, reporting shared voting power with respect to 68,364
shares of Class A common stock, sole dispositive power with respect
to 15,211,465 shares of Class A common stock and shared dispositive
power with respect to 227,263 shares of Class A common stock. The
address for The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA
19355.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation702024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Certain Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions
                                                                   
   Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions         
                                                                   
Our Audit Committee has the primary responsibility for reviewing
and approving or disapproving “related party transactions,” which
are transactions between the Company and related persons in which
the aggregate amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed
$120,000 and in which a related person has or will have a direct or
indirect material interest. Our policy regarding transactions
between us and related persons provides that a related person is
defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for director or
greater than 5% beneficial owner of any class of our voting
securities, in each case since the beginning of the most recently
completed year, and any of their immediate family members. Our
Audit Committee charter provides that our Audit Committee shall
review and approve all related party transactions.

Under this policy, our Audit Committee will review the material
facts of all related party transactions and either approve, ratify
or disapprove of the entry into the transaction. In determining
whether to approve or ratify any such proposal, our Audit Committee
will take into account, among other factors it deems appropriate,
whether the transaction would affect the independence of any
director, any conflict of interest with any of our executive
officers, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable
than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party, and
the extent of the related person’s interest in the transaction. The
policy grants standing pre-approval of certain transactions,
including (i) executive compensation governed by our standard
compensation and benefits policies, (ii) director compensation
arrangements governed by our standard director compensation
policies, (iii) transactions with another company at which a
related person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than an
executive officer), director, or beneficial owner of less than 10%
equity interest of that company, (iv) charitable contributions,
grants, or endowments by us to a charitable organization,
foundation, or university where the related person’s only
relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer),
or director, if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the
lesser of $1,000,000 or 2% of the charitable organization’s total
annual receipts, (v) any transaction available to all U.S.
employees generally, (vi) transactions where a related person’s
interest arises solely from the ownership of our common stock and
all holders of our common stock received the same benefit on a pro
rata basis, and (vii) other transactions where disclosure of such
transaction would not be required pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K. In addition to our policy, our Audit Committee
charter provides that our Audit Committee shall review and oversee
any related person transactions.
                                                                   
  Related Person Transactions                                      
                                                                   
We describe below transactions and series of similar transactions,
since the beginning of our last fiscal year, to which we were a
participant or will be a participant, in which:

• the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000; and

• any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers
or beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our
outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or
person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or
entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation712024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Investors’ Rights Agreement                                      
                                                                   
We are party to an Investor Rights Agreement, pursuant to which
certain holders of our capital stock, including KKR Denali, Adam
Foroughi and an entity affiliated with Mr. Foroughi, have the right
to demand that we file a registration statement or request that
their shares of our capital stock be covered by a registration
statement that we are otherwise filing. Mr. Oberwager, a member of
our Board of Directors, is affiliated with KKR. Mr. Chen, a member
of our Board of Directors, was previously affiliated with KKR. Mr.
Chen is a limited partner in KKR Denali. Adam Foroughi, our CEO,
Co-founder and Chairperson of our Board of Directors, and an entity
affiliated with him are parties to our Investors’ Rights Agreement.
                                                                   
  Director Nominations Agreement                                   
                                                                   
We have entered into a Director Nominations Agreement with KKR
Denali. The Director Nominations Agreement granted KKR Denali the
right to nominate to our Board of Directors one designee as long as
KKR Denali and its affiliates collectively beneficially own at
least 25% of the shares of the Class B common stock that KKR Denali
held immediately prior to our initial public offering. As of March
2024, KKR Denali no longer holds the requisite number of shares to
nominate one director. However, for so long as KKR Denali and its
affiliates hold at least 5% of the outstanding shares of our common
stock, one of the independent director candidates selected by the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for nomination to our
Board of Directors shall be subject to the approval of KKR Denali
prior to the nomination of such candidate for election by our
stockholders. Margo Georgiadis is the independent director
currently serving that was approved by KKR Denali.
                                                                   
  Credit Facility                                                  
                                                                   
In August 2018, we entered into a senior secured credit agreement,
which provided for term loans in an aggregate principal amount of
$820.0 million and a revolving credit facility of $50.0 million.
The credit agreement was amended to increase the aggregate
principal amount of the term loans by $400.0 million on April 23,
2019 and amended again on April 27, 2020. The credit agreement was
amended on May 6, 2020 to increase the aggregate principal amount
of the term loans by $300.0 million and on October 27, 2020 to add
revolving credit commitments of $541.67 million, with the total
revolving credit commitments then equal to $590.0 million. The
credit agreement was further amended on February 12, 2021 to
increase the aggregate principal amount of the term loans by
$297.75 million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.82 billion,
to add an additional $10.0 million in revolving credit commitments,
increasing the total revolving credit commitments to $600.0
million, and to reduce the interest rate on the term loans funded
on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest rate as all other term
loans. On October 25, 2021, we further amended the credit agreement
whereby certain additional lenders agreed to provide incremental
term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion. On
January 3, 2023, we amended the credit agreement to transition the
benchmark interest rate from LIBOR to Term SOFR (Secured Overnight
Financing Rate) which included a 10 basis-point credit spread
adjustment. On June 12, 2023, the credit agreement was amended to
extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility to 2028
(or if earlier, 91 days prior to any term loan maturity) and add
$10 million in revolving credit commitments, and then again on
August 18, 2023 to extend the maturity date to 2030 (other than the
incremental term loans funded on October 25, 2021, which mature in
2028). Finally, on March 14, 2024, we amended our credit agreement
to lower our interest rate on the term loans to SOFR plus 2.50% and
add an additional $600.0 million in principal amount to our term
loans maturing in 2030, which funds were used to repay outstanding
amounts under our revolving credit facility and repay $10 million
of the 2028 term loans.

KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR, acted as joint lead
arranger and joint bookrunner for the credit agreement. In 2023, we
paid $1.2 million in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC in connection
with our debt refinancing and extension. KKR Corporate Lending (CA)
LLC, an affiliate of KKR, has provided revolving credit commitments
in the amount of $15 million under our revolving credit facility.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation722024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Promissory Notes                                                 
                                                                   
On March 8, 2019, we entered into a promissory note with Rafael
Vivas, the brother of Eduardo Vivas, a member of our Board of
Directors, for the purpose of advancing him funds to allow him to
early exercise his stock options (“Vivas Note”). The Vivas Note was
issue in the amount of $2,273,400 at an interest rate of 2.59%, and
later amended on August 7, 2020 to lower the interest rate on the
outstanding balance of such note to the then applicable IRS annual
mid-term rate of 0.41%. On March 8, 2024, the principal amount due
under the Vivas Note plus accrued interest, or $2,309,526, was
repaid in full to the Company and the Vivas Note was extinguished.
                                                                   
  Equity Exchange Right Agreement                                  
                                                                   
In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an
Equity Exchange Right Agreement with Herald Chen, pursuant to which
Mr. Chen has a right (but not an obligation), to require us to
exchange any shares of Class A common stock received upon the
exercise of options to purchase shares of Class A common stock for
an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. This Equity
Exchange Right Agreement applies only to equity awards granted to
Mr. Chen prior to the effectiveness of the filing of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation in connection with our
initial public offering. The Equity Exchange Right Agreement covers
options to purchase 2,280,201 shares of Class A common stock.
                                                                   
  Stock Repurchase Transactions                                    
                                                                   
Pursuant to a repurchase agreement dated May 17, 2023, we
repurchased 15,952,381 shares of our Class A common stock from KKR
Denali in a private transaction at a price per share equal to
$21.00, for a total purchase price of approximately $335 million.
In addition, pursuant to a repurchase agreement dated August 21,
2023, we repurchased 15,000,000 shares of Class A common stock from
KKR Denali in a private transaction at a price per share equal to
$36.85, for a total purchase price of approximately $553 million.

On February 29, 2024, we entered into an underwriting agreement
(the “Underwriting Agreement”) with KKR Denali and BofA Securities,
Inc., acting for themselves and as representative of other
underwriters (collectively, the “Underwriters”), in connection with
a secondary public offering (the “Offering”) of 19,866,397 shares
of our Class A common stock by KKR Denali. Pursuant to the
Underwriting Agreement, on March 6, 2024, we repurchased from the
Underwriters 10,466,397 shares of Class A common stock sold to the
Underwriters by KKR Denali in the Offering at a price per share of
$54.46, the same per share price paid by the Underwriters to KKR
Denali in the Offering.

Pursuant to a repurchase agreement dated March 7, 2024, we
repurchased 3,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock from
Midterm Success, a greater than 5% stockholder, in a private
transaction at a price per share equal to $60.74, for a total
purchase price of approximately $182 million.
                                                                   
  Other Transactions                                               
                                                                   
On February 14, 2024, we agreed to invest $50 million in the Series
C preferred stock financing of Humans, Inc., the developer of the
Flip Shop social shopping app ("Flip Shop"). The Series C preferred
stock financing was led by an existing investor in Flip Shop. On
March 27, 2024, Flip Shop and Curated, Inc., a company operated and
founded by, Eduardo Vivas, a member of our Board of Directors,
merged. Mr. Vivas now serves the Chief Operating Officer of Flip
Shop, and will serve as a member of its board of directors. On a
post-investment basis, we will hold approximately 4.1% of the fully
diluted shares of Flip Shop. On February 14, 2024, Flip Shop
entered into a commercial agreement with us related to Flip Shop's
use of our AXON technology.

We paid HubSpot a total of $127,900 for their “Marketing Hub
Enterprise” subscription services and agreed to their standard
online customer service terms. Alyssa Harvey Dawson, a member of
our Board of Directors, is the Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
Secretary of HubSpot.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation732024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Other Matters
                                                                   
  Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports                                 
                                                                   
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our executive
officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of our
common stock, file reports of ownership and changes of ownership
with the SEC. Such directors, executive officers and 10%
stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

SEC regulations require us to identify in this proxy statement
anyone who filed a required report late during the most recent
fiscal year. Based solely on our review of copies of such forms
that we have received, or written representations from reporting
persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023, all executive officers, directors and greater than 10%
stockholders complied with all applicable SEC filing requirements.
                                                                   
  Fiscal Year 2023 Annual Report and SEC Filings                   
                                                                   
Our financial statements for our fiscal year ended December 31,
2023 are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we will
make available to stockholders at the same time as this proxy
statement. This proxy statement and our annual report are posted on
our website at www.investors.applovin.com and are available from
the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. You may also obtain a copy
of our annual report without charge by sending a written request to
AppLovin Corporation, Attention: Corporate Secretary, 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.

The Board of Directors does not know of any other matters to be
presented at the Annual Meeting. If any additional matters are
properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the
enclosed proxy card will have discretion to vote the shares of our
common stock they represent in accordance with their own judgment
on such matters.

It is important that your shares of our common stock be represented
at the Annual Meeting, regardless of the number of shares that you
hold. You are urged to vote by telephone or by using the Internet
as instructed on the enclosed proxy card or execute and return, at
your earliest convenience, the enclosed proxy card in the envelope
that has also been provided.
                                                                   
  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Palo Alto, California                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
  April 23, 2024                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation742024 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Appendix A
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities to Free
                             Cash Flow                             
                                                                   
                          (in thousands)                           
                                                                   
The following table provides a reconciliation of net cash provided 
             by operating activities to free cash flow             
                                                                   
                    for the periods presented:                     
                                                                   
                             Twelve Months Ended                   
                                            2022             2023  
  Net cash provided by                                             
  operating                              412,773        1,061,510  
  activities                                                       
  Less:                                                            
  Purchase of property                      -662           -4,246  
  and equipment                                                    
  Principal payments                     -24,083          -20,170  
  on finance leases                                                
  Free Cash Flow          $              388,028    $   1,037,094  
  Net cash provided by                                             
  (used in) investing     $           -1,371,468    $     -77,829  
  activities                                                       
  Net cash provided by                                             
  (used in) financing     $             -526,848    $  -1,562,791  
  activities                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin CorporationA-12024 Proxy Statement                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
      Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA       
                                                                   
                          (in thousands)                           
                                                                   
   The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted   
                              EBITDA                               
                                                                   
margin and a reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA
                    for the periods presented:                     
                                                                   
                              Twelve Months                        
                                      Ended                        
                                       2022               2023     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue             $           2,817,058       $  3,283,087     
  Net income          $            -192,947       $    356,711     
  (loss)                                                           
  Net Margin                             -7  %              11  %  
  Interest expense                                                 
  and loss on                       171,863            275,665     
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other income                      -18,647             -7,831     
  (expense), net                                                   
  Provision for                                                    
  (benefit from)                    -12,230             23,859     
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Amortization,                                                    
  depreciation and                  547,084            489,008     
  write-offs                                                       
  Impairment and                                                   
  loss in                                                          
  connection with                   127,892                     —  
  sale of                                                          
  long-lived                                                       
  assets                                                           
  Non-operating                                                    
  foreign exchange                     -164             -1,224     
  loss                                                             
  (gain)                                                           
  Stock-based                       191,612            363,107     
  compensation                                                     
  Acquisition-rel…                                                 
  expense and                        21,279              1,047     
  transaction                                                      
  bonus                                                            
  Publisher                         209,635                     —  
  bonuses                                                          
  MoPub                                                            
  acquisition                         6,999                     —  
  transition                                                       
  services                                                         
  Restructuring                      10,834              2,316     
  costs                                                            
  Total                           1,256,157          1,145,947     
  adjustments                                                      
  Adjusted EBITDA     $           1,063,210       $  1,502,658     
  Adjusted EBITDA                        38  %              46  %  
  Margin                                                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin CorporationA-22024 Proxy Statement                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
                        Segment Information                        
                                                                   
                          (in thousands)                           
                                                                   
   The following table provides selected financial data for our    
          reportable segments for the periods indicated:           
                                                                   
  Revenue:                             2022               2023     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Software Platform            $  1,049,167       $  1,841,762     
  Apps                            1,767,891          1,441,325     
  Total Revenue                $  2,817,058       $  3,283,087     
  Segment Adjusted EBITDA:                                         
  Software Platform            $    808,415       $  1,275,705     
  Apps                              254,795            226,953     
  Total Segment Adjusted       $  1,063,210       $  1,502,658     
  EBITDA                                                           
  Interest expense and loss                                        
  on settlement                    -171,863           -275,665     
  of debt                                                          
  Other income (expense),            18,647              7,831     
  net                                                              
  Amortization,                                                    
  depreciation and                 -547,084           -489,008     
  write-offs                                                       
  Impairment and loss in                                           
  connection with                  -127,892                     —  
  sale of long-lived assets                                        
  Non-operating foreign                                            
  exchange gain                         164              1,224     
  (loss)                                                           
  Stock-based compensation         -191,612           -363,107     
  Acquisition-related               -21,279             -1,047     
  expense                                                          
  Publisher bonuses                -209,635                     —  
  MoPub acquisition                  -6,999                     —  
  transition services                                              
  Restructuring costs               -10,834             -2,316     
  Income (loss) before         $   -205,177       $    380,570     
  provision for tax                                                
  Segment Adjusted EBITDA                77  %              69  %  
  Margin:                                                          
  Software Platform                      14  %              16  %  
  Apps                                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin CorporationA-32024 Proxy Statement                      
                                                                   
