                                                                   
                           UNITED STATES                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
                SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
                      Washington, D.C. 20549                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                           SCHEDULE 14A                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
         PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE          
                                                                   
                                                                   
                  SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                  
                                                                   
Filed by the Registrant ☒

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐

Check the appropriate box:
                                                                   
  ☐    Preliminary Proxy Statement                                 
  ☐    Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted  
       by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))                                        
  ☒    Definitive Proxy Statement                                  
  ☐    Definitive Additional Materials                             
  ☐    Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12                       
                                                                   
                                                    
  AppLovin Corporation                              
  (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)  
                                                    
Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply):
                                                                   
  ☒    No fee required                                             
  ☐    Fee paid previously with preliminary materials              
  ☐    Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b)     
       per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11                 
                                                                   
                                                     
  1100 Page Mill Road | Palo Alto, California 94304  
                                                     
                                                                   
  Notice                                                           
  of                                                               
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  of                                                               
  Stock…                                                           
  Dear                                                             
  Stock…                                                           
  of                                                               
  AppLo…                                                           
  Corpo…                                                           
  We                                                               
  cordi…                                                           
  invite                                                           
  you to                                                           
  attend                                                           
  the                                                              
  2025                                                             
  annual                                                           
  meeti…                                                           
  of                                                               
  stock…                                                           
  (the                                                             
  “Annu…                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  of                                                               
  AppLo…                                                           
  Corpo…                                                           
  a                                                                
  Delaw…                                                           
  corpo…                                                           
  to be                                                            
  held                                                             
  on                                                               
  Wedne…                                                           
  June                                                             
  4,                                                               
  2025                                                             
  at                                                               
  10:00                                                            
  a.m.                                                             
  Pacif…                                                           
  Time.                                                            
  The                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  will                                                             
  be                                                               
  condu…                                                           
  virtu…                                                           
  via                                                              
  live                                                             
  audio                                                            
  webca…                                                           
  You                                                              
  will                                                             
  be                                                               
  able                                                             
  to                                                               
  attend                                                           
  the                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  virtu…                                                           
  by                                                               
  visit…                                                           
  where                                                            
  you                                                              
  will                                                             
  be                                                               
  able                                                             
  to                                                               
  listen                                                           
  to the                                                           
  meeti…                                                           
  live,                                                            
  submit                                                           
  quest…                                                           
  and                                                              
  vote                                                             
  onlin…                                                           
  Wheth…                                                           
  or not                                                           
  you                                                              
  attend                                                           
  the                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  it is                                                            
  impor…                                                           
  that                                                             
  your                                                             
  shares                                                           
  be                                                               
  repre…                                                           
  and                                                              
  voted                                                            
  at the                                                           
  meeti…                                                           
  There…                                                           
  we                                                               
  urge                                                             
  you to                                                           
  promp…                                                           
  vote                                                             
  and                                                              
  submit                                                           
  your                                                             
  proxy                                                            
  via                                                              
  the                                                              
  inter…                                                           
  by                                                               
  telep…                                                           
  or by                                                            
  mail,                                                            
  voting                                                           
  are                                                              
  set                                                              
  forth                                                            
  on                                                               
  page                                                             
  3.                                                               
  We are                                                           
  holdi…                                                           
  the                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  for                                                              
  the                                                              
  follo…                                                           
  purpo…                                                           
  as                                                               
  more                                                             
  fully                                                            
  descr…                                                  Time     
  in the                                                  10:00    
  accom…                           Date                   a.m.     
  proxy                            June 4,    MEETING     Pacific  
  state…                           2025       DETAILS     Time     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                   Locati…                         
                                   www.vi…                         
                                   com/AP…                         
                       YOUR                                        
                       VOTE IS                                     
                       IMPORTA…                                    
                       Whether                                     
                       or not                                      
                       you plan                                    
                       to                                          
                       attend                                      
                       the                                         
                       Annual                                      
                       Meeting,                                    
                       we urge                                     
                       you to                                      
                       submit                                      
                       your                                        
                       vote.                                       
                       Submitt…                                    
                       your                                        
                       vote in                                     
                       advance                                     
                       does not                                    
                       deprive                                     
                       you of                                      
                       your                                        
                       right to                                    
                       attend                                      
                       the                                         
                       Annual                                      
                       Meeting                                     
                       and to                                      
                       re-vote                                     
                       your                                        
                       shares                                      
                       at the                                      
                       Annual                                      
                       Meeting.                                    
  Propo…                                                           
            To                                                     
            elect                                                  
            nine                                                   
            (9)                                                    
            direct…                                                
            to                                                     
            serve                                                  
            until                                                  
            the                                                    
            next                                                   
            annual                                                 
  1         meeting                                                
            of                                                     
            stockh…                                                
            and                                                    
            until                                                  
            their                                                  
            succes…                                                
            are                                                    
            duly                                                   
            elected                                                
            and                                                    
            qualif…                                                
            To                                                     
            ratify                                                 
            the                                                    
            appoin…                                                
            of                                                     
            Deloit…                                                
            &                                                      
            Touche                                                 
            LLP as                                                 
            our                                                    
            indepe…                                                
  2         regist…                                                
            public                                                 
            accoun…                                                
            firm                                                   
            for our                                                
            fiscal                                                 
            year                                                   
            ending                                                 
            Decemb…                                                
            31,                                                    
            2025;                                                  
            and                                                    
            To                                                     
            transa…                                                
            such                                                   
            other                                                  
            busine…                                                
            as may                                                 
            proper…                                                
            come                                                   
  3         before                                                 
            the                                                    
            Annual                                                 
            Meeting                                                
            or any                                                 
            adjour…                                                
            or                                                     
            postpo…                                                
            thereo…                                                
  Our                                                              
  Board                                                            
  of                                                               
  Direc…                                                           
  has                                                              
  fixed                                                            
  the                                                              
  close                                                            
  of                                                               
  busin…                                                           
  onApr…                                                           
  10,                                                              
  2025                                                             
  as                                                               
  the                                                              
  record                                                           
  date                                                             
  for                                                              
  the                                                              
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  Stock…                                                           
  of                                                               
  record                                                           
  on                                                               
  April                                                            
  10,                                                              
  2025a…                                                           
  entit…                                                           
  to                                                               
  notice                                                           
  of and                                                           
  to                                                               
  vote                                                             
  at the                                                           
  Annual                                                           
  Meeti…                                                           
  Furth…                                                           
  infor…                                                           
  regar…                                                           
  voting                                                           
  rights                                                           
  and                                                              
  the                                                              
  matte…                                                           
  to be                                                            
  voted                                                            
  upon                                                             
  is                                                               
  prese…                                                           
  in the                                                           
  accom…                                                           
  proxy                                                            
  state…                                                           
                                                                   
By order of the Board of Directors,
                                                                   
  Adam Foroughi                                                    
                                                                   
Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Chairperson of the Board

Palo Alto, California

April 22, 2025

The accompanying proxy statement and our 2024 annual report are
available at www.proxyvote.com. You will be asked to enter the 16
digit control number located on your proxy card.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporationi2025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                            
  NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETINGOF STOCKHOLDERS                i  
  GENERAL INFORMATION                                    1  
  PROPOSAL NO. 1- Election of Directors                  7  
  BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE            8  
  Nominees for Director                                 10  
  Director Independenceand Controlled Company           19  
  Exemption                                                 
  Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Lead       20  
  Independent Director                                      
  Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process               21  
  Board Committees                                      22  
  Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings          25  
  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider         25  
  Participation                                             
  Boardof DirectorsEvaluations                          25  
  Voting Structure and Voting Agreement                 25  
  Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees        26  
  Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the    26  
  Board of Directors                                        
  Communications with the Board of Directors            27  
  Corporate Governance                                  27  
  Director Compensation                                 29  
  AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT                                32  
  PROPOSALNO. 2- Ratification of Appointment of         33  
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm             
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                                    35  
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                36  
  Compensation Discussion and Analysis                  36  
  Executive Summary                                     36  
  Compensation Philosophy                               37  
                                                            
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporationii2025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                          
  Executive Compensation Policies and Practices       37  
  Our Compensation-Setting Process                    38  
  CompensationDecisions                               38  
  Elements of Executive Pay and 2024Compensation      39  
  Other Compensation Information                      41  
  Employment Arrangements                             42  
  Post-Employment Compensation                        42  
  Compensation Risk Assessment                        42  
  Compensation Committee Report                       43  
  Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2024     44  
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024                 45  
  Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024Year-End           46  
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2024           47  
  Potential Payments on Termination or Change in      48  
  Control                                                 
  Pay Versus Performance                              50  
  CEO Pay Ratio                                       53  
  EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION                54  
  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS     55  
  AND MANAGEMENT                                          
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED PARTY,AND OTHER      58  
  TRANSACTIONS                                            
  OTHER MATTERS                                       61  
  APPENDIX A                                         A-1  
                                                          
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporationiii2025 Proxy Statement                      
                                                                   
AppLovin Corporation Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders

General Information

This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy are furnished
in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our board of
directors (“Board of Directors” or “Board”) for use at the 2025
annual meeting of stockholders of AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (“we,” “our,” “us,” the “Company,” or “AppLovin”), and
any postponements, adjournments, or continuations thereof.
                                                                   
                  Time                                             
  Date            10:00 a.m. Pacific       Location                
  June 4, 2025    Time                     www.virtualshareholde…  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   
The Annual Meeting will be conducted virtually via live audio
webcast. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually by
visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2025 , where you will
be able to listen to the meeting live, submit questions, and vote
online. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the
“Notice”) containing instructions on how to access this proxy
statement and our annual report is first being mailed on or about
April 22, 2025 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual
Meeting. The proxy materials and our 2024 annual report can be
accessed by following the instructions in the Notice.

The information provided in the “question and answer” format below
is for your convenience only and is merely a summary of the
information contained in this proxy statement. You should read this
entire proxy statement carefully. Information contained on, or that
can be accessed through, our website is not intended to be
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement and references
to our website address in this proxy statement are inactive textual
references only. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock
are collectively referred to in this proxy statement as our “common
stock.”
                                                                   
  What matters am I voting on?                                     
                                                                   
You are being asked to vote on:

• the election of nine (9) directors to serve until the next annual
meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly elected
and qualified;

• a proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as
our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal
year ending December 31, 2025; and

• any other business as may properly come before the Annual
Meeting.

How does the Board of Directors recommend I vote on these
proposals?

Our Board of Directors recommends you vote:

• “FOR” the election of each director nominee named in this proxy
statement; and

• “FOR” the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche
LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our
fiscal year ending December 31, 2025.

How many votes are needed for approval of each proposal?

• Proposal No. 1 : Each director nominee is elected by a plurality
of the votes of the shares present virtually or represented by
proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of
directors at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes
will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. “Plurality” means
that the nine (9) director nominees who receive the largest number
of votes cast “For” such nominees are elected as
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation12025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
directors. As a result, any shares not voted “For” a particular
director nominee (whether as a result of a withhold vote or a
broker non-vote) will not be counted in such director nominee’s
favor and will have no effect on the outcome of the election. You
may vote “For” or “Withhold” on each of the director nominees for
election as a director.

• Proposal No. 2 : The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte
& Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm
for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2025, requires the
affirmative “For” vote of a majority of the voting power of the
shares of our common stock present virtually or represented by
proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to be
approved. You may vote “For,” “Against,” or “Abstain” with respect
to this proposal. Abstentions are considered shares present and
entitled to vote on this proposal, and, thus, will have the same
effect as a vote “Against” this proposal. Broker non-votes will
have no effect on the outcome of this proposal.
                                                                   
  Who is entitled to vote?                                         
                                                                   
Holders of our Class A and Class B common stock as of the close of
business on April 10, 2025, the record date for the Annual Meeting,
may vote at the Annual Meeting. As of the record date, there were
307,674,018 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding and
30,688,541 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding. Our
Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote as a single
class on all matters described in this proxy statement for which
your vote is being solicited. Stockholders are not permitted to
cumulate votes with respect to the election of directors. Each
share of Class A common stock is entitled to one (1) vote on each
proposal and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to
twenty (20) votes on each proposal.

Registered Stockholders. If shares of our common stock are
registered directly in your name with our transfer agent,
Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are considered the
stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and the Notice
was provided to you directly by us. As the stockholder of record,
you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to the
individuals listed on the proxy card or to vote live at the Annual
Meeting.

Street Name Stockholders. If shares of our common stock are held on
your behalf in a brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee,
you are considered to be the beneficial owner of shares that are
held in “street name,” and the Notice was forwarded to you by your
broker or nominee, who is considered the stockholder of record with
respect to those shares. As the beneficial owner, you have the
right to direct your broker, bank, or other nominee as to how to
vote your shares. Beneficial owners are also invited to attend the
Annual Meeting. However, since a beneficial owner is not the
stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares of our common
stock live at the Annual Meeting unless you follow your broker’s
procedures for obtaining a legal proxy. If you request a printed
copy of our proxy materials by mail, your broker, bank, or other
nominee will provide a voting instruction form for you to use.
Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to stockholders who hold
their shares through a broker, bank, or other nominee as street
name stockholders.

Are a certain number of shares required to be present at the Annual
Meeting?

A quorum is the minimum number of shares required to be present at
the Annual Meeting to properly hold an annual meeting of
stockholders and conduct business under our amended and restated
bylaws and Delaware law. The presence, virtually, or by proxy, of a
majority of the voting power of all issued and outstanding shares
of our common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will
constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions, withhold
votes, and broker non-votes are counted as shares present and
entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation22025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  How do I vote?                                                   
                                                                   
If you are a stockholder of record, there are several ways to vote:
                                                                   
  Internet                                          Virtual        
  Vote by                                           Meeting        
  internet                                          Vote by        
  prior to the                                      attending the  
  Annual          Phone                             Annual         
  Meeting         Vote by          Mail             Meeting by     
  atwww.proxy…    toll-free        Vote by          visitingwww.…  
  24 hours a      telephone at     completing       shareholderm…  
  day, seven      1-800-690-69…    and mailing      .com/APP2025,  
  days a week,    until 11:59      your proxy       where you may  
  until 11:59     p.m. Eastern     card (if you     vote and       
  p.m. Eastern    Time on June     received         submit         
  Time on June    3, 2025 (have    printed proxy    questions      
  3, 2025         your Notice      materials);      during the     
  (have your      or proxy card    or               meeting        
  Notice or       in hand when                      (please have   
  proxy card      you call);                        your Notice    
  in hand when                                      or proxy card  
  you visit                                         in hand when   
  the                                               you visit the  
  website);                                         website).      
                                                                   
Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we recommend that
you also vote by proxy so that your vote will be counted if you
later decide not to attend the Annual Meeting.

If you are a street name stockholder, you will receive voting
instructions from your broker, bank, or other nominee. You must
follow the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank, or
other nominee in order to direct your broker, bank, or other
nominee on how to vote your shares. Street name stockholders should
generally be able to vote by returning a voting instruction form,
or by telephone or on the internet. However, the availability of
telephone and internet voting will depend on the voting process of
your broker, bank, or other nominee. As discussed above, if you are
a street name stockholder, you may not vote your shares live at the
Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker,
bank, or other nominee.

How may my brokerage firm or other intermediary vote my shares if I
fail to provide timely directions?

Brokerage firms and other intermediaries holding shares of our
common stock in street name for their customers are generally
required to vote such shares in the manner directed by their
customers. In the absence of timely directions, your broker will
have discretion to vote your shares on our sole “routine” matter:
the proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as
our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal
year ending December 31, 2025. Your broker will not have discretion
to vote on any other proposals, which are “non-routine” matters,
absent direction from you (and failure to provide instructions on
these matters will result in a “broker non-vote”).
                                                                   
  Can I change my vote?                                            
                                                                   
Yes. If you are a stockholder of record, you can change your vote
or revoke your proxy any time before the Annual Meeting by:

• entering a new vote by internet or by telephone;

• completing and returning a later-dated proxy card; or

• notifying the Corporate Secretary of AppLovin Corporation, in
writing, at AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto,
California 94304.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation32025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
You may also change your vote by attending and voting at the Annual
Meeting (although attendance at the Annual Meeting will not, by
itself, revoke a proxy).

If you are a street name stockholder, your broker, bank, or other
nominee can provide you with instructions on how to change your
vote.

What do I need to do to attend the Annual Meeting?

You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually, submit
your questions during the meeting and vote your shares
electronically at the meeting by visiting
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2025 . To participate in the
Annual Meeting, you will need the control number included on your
Notice or proxy card. As discussed above, if you are a street name
stockholder, you may not vote your shares live at the Annual
Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank, or
other nominee. The Annual Meeting webcast will begin promptly at
10:00 a.m. Pacific Time. We encourage you to access the meeting
prior to the start time. Online check-in will begin at 9:45 a.m.
Pacific Time, and you should allow ample time for the check-in
procedures.
                                                                   
  Why are we holding a meeting virtually?                          
                                                                   
We are leveraging technology to hold a virtual Annual Meeting that
expands convenient access to, and enables participation by,
stockholders from any location around the world. We believe the
virtual format encourages attendance and participation by a broader
group of stockholders, while also reducing the costs and
environmental impact associated with an in-person meeting. You will
be able to vote and submit your questions during the meeting at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2025 . Our virtual Annual
Meeting will be governed by our rules of conduct and procedures,
which will be posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2025
on the date of the Annual Meeting. We have designed the format of
the virtual Annual Meeting so that stockholders have the same
rights and opportunities to vote and participate as they would have
at a physical meeting. Stockholders will be able to submit
questions online during the meeting, providing our stockholders
with the opportunity for meaningful engagement with the Company.
                                                                   
  What is the effect of giving a proxy?                            
                                                                   
Proxies are solicited by and on behalf of our Board of Directors.
Adam Foroughi, Matthew Stumpf, and Victoria Valenzuela have been
designated as proxy holders by our Board of Directors. When proxies
are properly dated, executed, and returned, the shares represented
by such proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance
with the instructions of the stockholder. If the proxy is dated and
signed, but no specific instructions are given, the shares will be
voted in accordance with the recommendations of our Board of
Directors as described above. If any matters not described in this
proxy statement are properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the
proxy holders will use their own judgment to determine how to vote
the shares. If the Annual Meeting is adjourned, the proxy holders
can vote the shares on the new Annual Meeting date as well, unless
you have properly revoked your proxy, as described above.

Why did I receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials instead of a full set of proxy materials?

In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”), we have elected to furnish our proxy materials,
including this proxy statement and our annual report, primarily via
the internet. The Notice containing instructions on how to access
our proxy materials is first being mailed on or about April 22,
2025 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting.

Stockholders may request to receive all future proxy materials in
printed form by mail or electronically by e-mail by following the
instructions contained in the Notice. We encourage stockholders to
take advantage of the availability of our proxy materials on the
internet to help reduce the environmental impact and cost of our
annual meetings of stockholders.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation42025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  How are proxies solicited for the Annual Meeting?                
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors is soliciting proxies for use at the Annual
Meeting. All expenses associated with this solicitation will be
borne by us. We will reimburse brokers or other nominees for
reasonable expenses that they incur in sending our proxy materials
to you if a broker, bank, or other nominee holds shares of our
common stock on your behalf. In addition, our directors and
employees may also solicit proxies by telephone, by electronic
communication, or by other means of communication. Our directors
and employees will not be paid any additional compensation for
soliciting proxies.
                                                                   
   Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting?      
                                                                   
We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting.
We will also disclose voting results on a Current Report on Form
8-K that we will file with the SEC within four (4) business days
after the Annual Meeting. If final voting results are not available
to us in time to file a Form 8-K within four (4) business days
after the Annual Meeting, we will file a Form 8-K to publish
preliminary results and will provide the final results in an
amendment to the Form 8-K as soon as they become available.

I share an address with another stockholder, and we received only
one paper copy of the proxy materials. How may I obtain an
additional copy of the proxy materials?

We have adopted a procedure called “householding,” which the SEC
has approved. Under this procedure, we deliver a single copy of the
Notice and, if applicable, our proxy materials, to multiple
stockholders who share the same address, unless we have received
contrary instructions from one or more of such stockholders. This
procedure reduces our printing costs, mailing costs, and fees.
Stockholders who participate in householding will continue to be
able to access and receive separate proxy cards. Upon written or
oral request, we will deliver promptly a separate copy of the
Notice and, if applicable, our proxy materials, to any stockholder
at a shared address to which we delivered a single copy of any of
these materials. To receive a separate copy, or, if a stockholder
is receiving multiple copies, to request that we only send a single
copy of the Notice and, if applicable, our proxy materials, such
stockholder may contact us at the address below.
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                  Attention: Corporate Secretary                   
                        1100 Page Mill Road                        
                    Palo Alto, California 94304                    
                          (800) 839-9646                           
Street name stockholders may contact their broker, bank, or other
nominee to request information about householding.

What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next
year’s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to
serve as directors?
                                                                   
  Stockholder Proposals                                            
                                                                   
Stockholders may present proper proposals for inclusion in our
proxy statement and for consideration at next year’s annual meeting
of stockholders by submitting their proposals in writing to our
Corporate Secretary in a timely manner. For a stockholder proposal
to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2026
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must
receive the written proposal at our principal executive offices not
later than December 23, 2025. In addition, stockholder proposals
must comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-8 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) regarding the
inclusion of stockholder proposals in company-sponsored proxy
materials. Stockholder proposals should be addressed to the address
included in the answer to the preceding question.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation52025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
Our amended and restated bylaws also establish an advance notice
procedure for stockholders who wish to present a proposal before an
annual meeting of stockholders but do not intend for the proposal
to be included in our proxy statement. Our amended and restated
bylaws provide that the only business that may be conducted at an
annual meeting of stockholders is business that is (i) specified in
our proxy materials with respect to such annual meeting, (ii)
otherwise properly brought before such annual meeting by or at the
direction of our Board of Directors, (iii) properly brought before
such annual meeting as may be provided in the certificate of
designations for any class or series of preferred stock, or (iv)
properly brought before such meeting by a stockholder who (A) is a
stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice
contemplated by our amended and restated bylaws; (B) is a
stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to notice of an annual meeting; (C) is a
stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to vote at an annual meeting; (D) is a
stockholder of record at the time of an annual meeting; and (E)
complies with the procedures set forth in our amended and restated
bylaws, including delivering timely written notice to our Corporate
Secretary, which notice must contain the information specified in
our amended and restated bylaws. To be timely for the 2026 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must receive the
written notice at our principal executive offices:

• no earlier than 8:00 a.m., Pacific time, on February 4, 2026; and

• no later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on March 6, 2026.

In the event that we hold the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
more than 25 days from the one-year anniversary of the Annual
Meeting, a notice of a stockholder proposal that is not intended to
be included in our proxy statement must be received no earlier than
8:00 a.m., Pacific time, on the 120th day prior to the day of the
2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and no later than 5:00 p.m.,
Pacific time, on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to the day of
the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders and (ii) if the first
public announcement of the date of the 2026 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders is less than 100 days prior to the date of such annual
meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public
announcement of the date of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
is first made by us.

Unless otherwise required by law, if a stockholder who has notified
us of his, her, or its intention to present a proposal at an annual
meeting of stockholders does not appear to present his, her, or its
proposal at such annual meeting, we are not required to present the
proposal for a vote at such annual meeting.
                                                                   
  Recommendation or Nomination of Director Nominees                
                                                                   
Stockholders who have continuously held 1% of our fully diluted
capitalization for at least twelve (12) months prior to the
submission of their recommendation may recommend director nominees
for consideration by our Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee. Any such recommendations should include the nominee’s
name, home and business contact information, detailed biographical
data, relevant qualifications, a signed letter from the nominee
confirming willingness to serve, information regarding any
relationships between the nominee and the Company and evidence of
the recommending stockholder’s ownership of the Company’s capital
stock and should be directed to our Chief Legal Officer and
Corporate Secretary at the address set forth above. For additional
information regarding stockholder recommendations for director
nominees, see the section titled “Board of Directors and Corporate
Governance—Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the Board
of Directors” on page 26.

In addition, our amended and restated bylaws permit stockholders to
nominate directors for election at an annual meeting of
stockholders. To nominate a director, the stockholder must provide
the information required by our amended and restated bylaws. Any
notice of director nomination submitted must include the additional
information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act and
otherwise must comply with applicable federal and state law. In
addition, the stockholder must give timely notice to our Corporate
Secretary in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws,
which, in general, require that the notice be received by our
Corporate Secretary within the time periods described above under
the section titled “Stockholder Proposals,” on page 5 for
stockholder proposals that are not intended to be included in a
proxy statement.
                                                                   
  Availability of Bylaws                                           
                                                                   
A copy of our amended and restated bylaws is available via our
website at https://investors.applovin.com and the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov. You may also contact our Corporate Secretary at the
address set forth above for a copy of the relevant bylaw provisions
regarding the requirements for making stockholder proposals and
nominating director nominees.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation62025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  PROPOSAL NO. 1                                                   
                                                                   
Election of Directors

Our Board of Directors is currently composed of ten (10) members.
As previously announced, Edward Oberwager, who currently serves as
a director, will not stand for re-election and his term will expire
at the Annual Meeting. As such, following the Annual Meeting, it is
anticipated that the size of our Board of Directors will be reduced
to nine (9) members.
                                                                   
  Director Nominees                                                
                                                                   
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has recommended,
and our Board of Directors has approved, as director nominees for
election as directors at the Annual Meeting: Adam Foroughi, Herald
Chen, Craig Billings, Margaret Georgiadis, Alyssa Harvey Dawson,
Barbara Messing, Todd Morgenfeld, Eduardo Vivas and Maynard Webb.
Mr. Webb is standing for election by our stockholders for the first
time and was recommended for consideration as a director to the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee by our Chief
Executive Officer and non-management directors. If elected, each of
the director nominees will serve as directors until the 2026 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors are duly elected
and qualified. For information concerning the director nominees,
please see “Board of Directors and Corporate Governance” on page 8.

If you are a stockholder of record and you sign your proxy card or
vote by telephone or over the internet but do not give instructions
with respect to the voting of directo rs, your shares will be voted
“FOR” the election of Messrs. Foroughi, Billings, Chen, Morgenfeld,
Vivas and Webb, and Mses. Georgiadis, Harvey Dawson, and Messing. I
f you are a street name stockholder and you do not give voting
instructions to your broker or nominee, your broker will leave your
shares unvoted on this matter.
                                                                   
  Vote Required                                                    
                                                                   
Each director is elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares
present virtually or represented by proxy at the meeting and
entitled to vote on the election of directors at the Annual
Meeting. “Plurality” means that the nine (9) director nominees who
receive the largest number of votes cast “For” such director
nominees are elected as directors. As a result, any shares not
voted “For” a particular director nominee (whether as a result of a
withhold vote or a broker non-vote) will not be counted in such
director nominee’s favor and will have no effect on the outcome of
the election.
                                                                   
  ☑    OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” EACH OF THE  
       DIRECTOR NOMINEES NAMED ABOVE.                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation72025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
Board of Directors and Corporate Governance

Our Board of Directors is comprised of seasoned directors with
various subject matter expertise, each of whom play a critical role
in the oversight and governance of our business and operations. The
active engagement by our Board of Directors and its three (3) fully
independent standing committees reflect our commitment to effective
risk oversight, decision-making aligned with our stockholders’
interests, and ensuring a culture of integrity and accountability,
all of which are designed to enhance long-term stockholder value.

Our slate of director nominees to serve on our Board of Directors
consists of nine (9) directors, six (6) of whom qualify as
“independent” under the corporate governance requirements of the
Nasdaq Listing Rules. At each annual meeting of stockholders,
directors will be elected for a one-year term and until their
successors are duly elected and qualified.

The following charts provide summary information about our director
nominees’ skills, expertise, and background.
                                                                   
  Director Nominees’ Skills and Expertise                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
        Di…                                                        
        No…                                                        
  S…    Ad…    Cr…    He…    Ma…    Al…    Ba…    T…    Ed…    M…  
  a…    Fo…    Bi…    Ch…    Ge…    Ha…    Me…    M…    Vi…    W…  
  E…                                Da…                            
  C…                                                               
  E…                                                               
  M…                                                               
  &                                                                
  D…                                                               
  M…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  &                                                                
  A…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  C…                                                               
  C…                                                               
  S…                                                               
  F…                                                               
  &                                                                
  A…                                                               
  I…                                                               
  O…                                                               
  L…                                                               
  &                                                                
  R…                                                               
  D…                                                               
  P…                                                               
  O…                                                               
  E…                                                               
  R…                                                               
  M…                                                               
  &                                                                
  C…                                                               
  G…                                                               
  H…                                                               
  C…                                                               
  &                                                                
  T…                                                               
  D…                                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation82025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Director Nominees’ Background                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
        Di…                                                        
        No…                                                        
        Ad…    Cr…    He…    Ma…    Al…    Ba…    T…    Ed…    M…  
        Fo…    Bi…    Ch…    Ge…    Ha…    Me…    M…    Vi…    W…  
                                    Da…                            
  I…                                                               
  A…     44     52     55     61     55     53    53     39    69  
  T…     14      5      7      4      4      1     2      7     0  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Skills Categories                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  CEO                              Marketing &      Product &      
  Experience                       Digital Media    AdTech         
                                   In-depth                        
                  A deep           knowledge and                   
                  understanding    expertise in                    
  Experience      of marketing     the creation,                   
  and skills      and digital      management,                     
  in              media            and                             
  leadership,     strategies,      optimization                    
  management,     including        of products                     
  and business    brand and        within the                      
  strategy as     marketing        adverting                       
  a               strategy,        technology                      
  chief           social media     space,                          
  executive       and content      including                       
  officer at a    marketing,       building and                    
  large           and/or           improving                       
  publicly        creating or      tools,                          
  traded or       implementing     platforms and                   
  private         platforms to     strategies                      
  company.        promote          that help                       
                  products and     companies                       
                  services.        reach their                     
                                   audiences.                      
  Public                           Cyber            Financial &    
  Company                          Security         Accounting     
  Experience      Experience                                       
  as a senior     (including                                       
  executive or    through                                          
  member of       oversight) in                                    
  the board of    various                                          
  directors of    cybersecurity                                    
  a               principles,      Experience in                   
  publicly        technologies,    positions                       
  traded          tools in         requiring a                     
  company,        protecting       deep                            
  providing       computer         understanding                   
  valuable        systems,         of financial                    
  insight into    networks, and    principles,                     
  public          data from        accounting                      
  company         various          standards,                      
  operations,     threats such     tax                             
  governance,     as               strategies,                     
  financial       cyberattacks,    auditing, and                   
  reporting,      hacking, data    reporting.                      
  investor        breaches,                                        
  relations,      malware, and                                     
  and             other forms                                      
  regulatory      of digital                                       
  compliance.     security                                         
                  vulnerabilit…                                    
  Internation…                     Legal &          Data Privacy   
  Operations                       Regulatory                      
                  Experience       Knowledge and                   
  Leadership      (including       experience in                   
  position in     through          managing                        
  an              oversight) in    sensitive                       
  organization    legal,           personal and                    
  with            regulatory,      organization…                   
  internation…    or compliance    data,                           
  operations,     matters,         including                       
  providing       including        privacy law                     
  knowledge       navigating       and                             
  and             complex and      regulations,                    
  expertise in    evolving         risk                            
  managing        legal            assessment                      
  business        frameworks,      and                             
  activities      overseeing       management,                     
  and             corporate        data                            
  strategies      governance,      governance                      
  across          and managing     and                             
  multiple        compliance       compliance                      
  countries       with             and data                        
  and regions.    applicable       protection                      
                  laws and         techniques.                     
                  regulations.                                     
                                   Risk             Human Capital  
  Operational                      Management &     & Talent       
  Expertise                        Corporate        Development    
                                   Governance                      
  Experience                                                       
  managing                                                         
  day-to-day                                                       
  business                                                         
  operations                                                       
  at scale,                                                        
  including                                                        
  executing                                                        
  strategy,                                                        
  optimizing                                                       
  organizatio…                                                     
  performance,                                                     
  and driving                                                      
  growth in                                                        
  complex or                                                       
  high-growth                                                      
  environment…                                                     
  Knowledge                                                        
  and                                                              
  experience                                                       
  in                                                               
  identifying,                                                     
  accessing,                                                       
  and managing                                                     
  risks that                                                       
  may             Management                                       
  affect an       experience                                       
  organizatio…    involving                                        
  objectives,     strategies                                       
  including       and practices                                    
  understandi…    aimed at                                         
  the             maximizing                                       
  principles,     the potential                                    
  structures,     of an                                            
  and             organization…                                    
  processes       workforce.                                       
  that ensure                                                      
  a                                                                
  company                                                          
  operates in                                                      
  an ethical,                                                      
  accountable,                                                     
  and                                                              
  transparent                                                      
  manner.                                                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation92025 Proxy Statement                        
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Nominees for Director                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                               Mr. Foroughi is     
                                               one of our          
                                               co-founders and     
                                               has served as our   
                                               Chief Executive     
                                               Officer and a       
                                               member of our       
                                               Board of Directors  
                                               since December      
                                               2011.               
                                               He was designated   
                                               as Chairperson of   
                                               our Board of        
                                               Directors in March  
                                               2021. He            
                                               previously          
                                               co-founded two      
                                               advertising         
                                               technology          
                                               companies,          
                                               Lifestreet Media    
                                               Inc. and Social     
                                               Hour Inc. Mr.       
                                               Foroughi holds a    
                                               B.A. in Business    
                                               Administration      
                                               from the            
                                               University of       
                                               California,         
                                               Berkeley.           
                        Qualifications                             
                        Mr. Foroughi was                           
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of his deep                                
                        industry knowledge                         
                        and the vision and                         
                        experience he                              
                        brings as our Chief                        
                        Executive Officer                          
                        and Co-Founder.                            
                        With deep expertise                        
                        in international                           
                        operations, product                        
                        development,                               
                        building                                   
                        high-performing                            
                        teams, and driving                         
                        strategic vision,                          
                        he has successfully                        
                        led us through                             
                        growth and                                 
                        innovation in the                          
                        ever-evolving tech                         
                        landscape.                                 
  Adam Foroughi                                                    
  Chairperson of the                                               
  Board and Chief                                                  
  Executive Officer                                                
  Age:44                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2011                                                       
  Committees:None                                                  
                        Skills                                     
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation102025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                               Mr. Billings has    
                                               served as a member  
                                               of our Board of     
                                               Directors since     
                                               December 2020 and   
                                               as our Lead         
                                               Independent         
                                               Director since      
                                               February 2021.      
                                               Mr. Billings has    
                                               served as Chief     
                                               Executive Officer   
                                               and a member of     
                                               the board of        
                                               directors of Wynn   
                                               Resorts, Limited    
                                               (NYSE: WYNN), a     
                                               developer and       
                                               operator of hotels  
                                               and casinos, since  
                                               February 2022.      
                                               Prior to February   
                                               2022, Mr. Billings  
                                               served as the       
                                               Chief Financial     
                                               Officer and         
                                               Treasurer of Wynn   
                                               Resorts from March  
                                               2017 to January     
                                               2022 and as         
                                               President from May  
                                               2019 to May 2021.   
                                               He has also served  
                                               as a Director of    
                                               Wynn Macau,         
                                               Limited, a          
                                               majority owned      
                                               subsidiary of Wynn  
                                               Resorts since       
                                               August 2018. From   
                                               December 2015 to    
                                               January 2018, Mr.   
                                               Billings served as  
                                               Non-Executive       
                                               Chairman of NYX     
                                               Gaming Group Ltd.,  
                                               a developer of      
                                               digital gaming      
                                               systems which was   
                                               acquired by         
                                               Scientific Games    
                                               Corporation in      
                                               January 2018. Mr.   
                                               Billings has been   
                                               a Certified Public  
                                               Accountant since    
                                               1999. He holds a    
                                               B.S. in Business    
                                               Administration      
                                               from the            
                                               University of       
                                               Nevada, Las Vegas   
                                               and an M.B.A. from  
                                               Columbia Business   
                                               School.             
                                               Qualifications      
  Craig Billings                                                   
  Lead Independent                                                 
  Director                                                         
  Age:52                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2020                                                       
  Committees:Compen…                                               
  (Chair); Audit                                                   
                        Mr. Billings was                           
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of his significant                         
                        global operational                         
                        experience as a                            
                        public-company CEO,                        
                        his financial and                          
                        accounting acumen,                         
                        his risk management                        
                        and corporate                              
                        governance                                 
                        expertise, and his                         
                        industry knowledge,                        
                        which brings a                             
                        strategic                                  
                        perspective to the                         
                        boardroom, playing                         
                        a key role in                              
                        guiding us through                         
                        complex challenges                         
                        and growth                                 
                        opportunities.                             
                                               Skills              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation112025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                         Mr. Chen has served as a member of our    
                         Board of Directors since August 2018.     
                         Mr. Chen previously served as AppLovin’s  
                         President and Chief Financial Officer     
                         from November 2019 to December 2023.      
                         Prior to joining us, he served as the     
                         head of Technology, Media and Telecom at  
                         Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.        
                         (together with its affiliates, KKR)       
                         (NYSE: KKR), an investment firm that      
                         manages multiple alternative asset        
                         classes, from 2007 to 2019, having        
                         previously worked for the firm from 1995  
                         to 1997. He also currently serves on the  
                         board of directors of GoDaddy, Inc.       
                         (NYSE: GDDY), an online solutions         
                         provider, and Internet Brands Inc., an    
                         integrated digital media and software     
                         services company. Mr. Chen holds a B.S.   
                         in Economics (Finance) and a B.S.E. in    
                         Mechanical Engineering from the           
                         University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A.  
                         from the Stanford University Graduate     
                         School of Business.                       
                         Qualifications                            
  Herald Chen                                                      
  Director                                                         
                         Mr. Chen was selected to serve on our     
                         Board of Directors because of his         
                         extensive operating and management        
                         experience. He brings strong financial    
  Age:55                 and accounting expertise, along with      
  Director Since:2018    significant experience in public company  
  Committees:None        leadership and governance. His            
                         experience serving on the boards of both  
                         public and private technology companies   
                         provides valuable oversight and           
                         strategic insight to our Board.           
                         Skills                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation122025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                              Ms. Georgiadis has   
                                              served as a member   
                                              of our Board of      
                                              Directors since      
                                              January 2021.        
                                              Ms. Georgiadis       
                                              currently serves as  
                                              Co-Founder and       
                                              Chief Executive      
                                              Officer of Montai    
                                              Therapeutics and as  
                                              Chief Executive      
                                              Officer-Partner of   
                                              Flagship Pioneering  
                                              Inc., a bioplatform  
                                              innovation company,  
                                              since April 2022.    
                                              She previously       
                                              served as an         
                                              Endurance            
                                              Partner-in-Residen…  
                                              at General           
                                              Catalyst, a venture  
                                              capital firm, from   
                                              January 2021 to      
                                              April 2022. From     
                                              May 2018 to          
                                              December 2020, she   
                                              served as President  
                                              and Chief Executive  
                                              Officer of           
                                              Ancestry.com LLC, a  
                                              global family        
                                              history and          
                                              consumer genomics    
                                              company. Prior to    
                                              Ancestry, from       
                                              February 2017 to     
                                              May 2018, Ms.        
                                              Georgiadis served    
                                              as Chief Executive   
                                              Officer of Mattel,   
                                              Inc. (NASDAQ: MAT),  
                                              a global children’s  
                                              entertainment        
                                              company              
                                              specializing in      
                                              toys and consumer    
                                              products. From       
                                              2009-2017 she        
                                              served as President  
                                              of Google Americas   
                                              and the Vice         
                                              President of Global  
                                              Operations. She is   
                                              an experienced       
                                              public and private   
                                              company board        
                                              director and         
                                              currently serves on  
                                              the board of         
                                              directors of         
                                              McDonald’s           
                                              Corporation (NYSE:   
                                              MCD) and several     
                                              private companies    
                                              in technology and    
                                              health technology.   
                                              She holds an A.B.    
                                              from Harvard         
                                              College and an       
                                              M.B.A. from Harvard  
                                              Business School.     
                                              Qualifications       
  Margaret                                                         
  Georgiadis                                                       
  Independent                                                      
  Director                                                         
  Age:61                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2021                                                       
  Committees:Nomina…                                               
  and Corporate                                                    
  Governance                                                       
  (Chair); Audit                                                   
                        Ms. Georgiadis was                         
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of her experience                          
                        as a public                                
                        company director                           
                        and deep expertise                         
                        in the tech                                
                        industry. With                             
                        extensive CEO and                          
                        public company                             
                        experience, she                            
                        brings a strategic                         
                        and operational                            
                        mindset to the                             
                        boardroom. Her                             
                        experience spans                           
                        product                                    
                        development, ad                            
                        tech, and data                             
                        privacy, along                             
                        with strong                                
                        financial,                                 
                        accounting and                             
                        risk management                            
                        acumen. A leader                           
                        in corporate                               
                        governance, with a                         
                        long track record                          
                        in international                           
                        operations,                                
                        strategic                                  
                        transactions, and                          
                        talent                                     
                        development, she                           
                        provides critical                          
                        oversight while                            
                        driving innovation                         
                        and growth.                                
                                              Skills               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation132025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                   Ms. Harvey Dawson has served    
                                   as a member of our Board of     
                                   Directors since November 2021.  
                                   Ms. Harvey Dawson served as     
                                   Chief Legal Officer and         
                                   Corporate Secretary for         
                                   HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE: HUBS), a   
                                   leading CRM platform, from      
                                   November 2022 to December       
                                   2024, where she was             
                                   responsible for overseeing the  
                                   company’s legal and compliance  
                                   teams, and as an Advisor to     
                                   HubSpot from December 2024 to   
                                   March 2025. Prior to joining    
                                   HubSpot, she served as the      
                                   Chief Legal Officer of Gusto,   
                                   Inc., a modern HR platform,     
                                   from August 2020 to November    
                                   2022, and on the executive      
                                   leadership team, overseeing     
                                   the company’s legal,            
                                   compliance and government       
                                   affairs team. Previously, from  
                                   June 2017 to July 2020, she     
                                   was General Counsel at          
                                   Sidewalk Labs, an urban         
                                   innovation subsidiary of        
                                   Alphabet Inc., where, among     
                                   other things, she was           
                                   responsible for developing the  
                                   legal team and data privacy     
                                   strategy. From 2011 to 2017     
                                   she oversaw global IP and       
                                   licensing at HARMAN, a Samsung  
                                   company, as its Vice            
                                   President, Global Intellectual  
                                   Property, and was Associate     
                                   General Counsel at Netflix      
                                   (NASDAQ: NFLX) from 2008 to     
                                   2011. Prior to Netflix, she     
                                   was also at Autodesk (NASDAQ:   
                                   ADSK). Ms. Harvey Dawson        
                                   received her BA, cum laude, in  
                                   Journalism from Michigan State  
                                   University and was an Honors    
                                   College member. She received    
                                   her JD, cum laude, from         
                                   Georgetown University Law       
                                   Center. Ms. Harvey Dawson is    
                                   also a board member of          
                                   Make-A-Wish Connecticut and is  
                                   a member of the Georgetown      
                                   University Law School Board of  
                                   Visitors.                       
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                             
  Independent Director                                             
  Age:55                                                           
  Director Since:2021                                              
  Committees:Audit; Nominating                                     
  and Corporate Governance                                         
                                   Qualifications                  
                                   Ms. Harvey Dawson was selected  
                                   to serve on our Board of        
                                   Directors because she has over  
                                   25 years of broad-based legal   
                                   experience and has overseen     
                                   corporate governance, mergers   
                                   and acquisitions, commercial    
                                   transactions, enterprise risk   
                                   management, compliance, data    
                                   privacy, intellectual           
                                   property, regulatory, and       
                                   governmental/public affairs     
                                   matters.                        
                                   Skills                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation142025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                            Ms. Messing has        
                                            served as a member of  
                                            our Board of           
                                            Directors since March  
                                            2024.                  
                                            Ms. Messing served as  
                                            Chief Marketing &      
                                            Communications         
                                            Officer at Roblox      
                                            (NYSE: RBLX) from      
                                            August 2020 to         
                                            December 2023 and      
                                            previously served as   
                                            Chief Marketing        
                                            Officer and People     
                                            Experience Officer     
                                            from August 2020 to    
                                            July 2023. Prior to    
                                            Roblox, Ms. Messing    
                                            served as Senior Vice  
                                            President, Chief       
                                            Marketing Officer of   
                                            Walmart U.S (NYSE:     
                                            WMT) from August 2018  
                                            to August 2019, and    
                                            brought her years of   
                                            experience serving in  
                                            multiple roles         
                                            including Vice         
                                            President and Chief    
                                            Marketing Officer,     
                                            and later Senior Vice  
                                            President and Chief    
                                            Marketing Officer at   
                                            TripAdvisor, Inc.      
                                            (NASDAQ: TRIP) an      
                                            online travel          
                                            company, between 2011  
                                            and 2018. Between      
                                            2002 and 2011, she     
                                            served in a number of  
                                            management positions   
                                            at Hotwire.com, an     
                                            internet-based travel  
                                            agency, including      
                                            Vice President of      
                                            Customer Experience    
                                            and Vice President     
                                            and General Manager,   
                                            Travel Ticker. Ms.     
                                            Messing currently      
                                            serves on the board    
                                            of directors of        
                                            Vacasa (NASDAQ:        
                                            VCSA), a               
                                            publicly-traded        
                                            company with a         
                                            leading platform for   
                                            vacation rental        
                                            management. She        
                                            previously served on   
                                            the board of           
                                            directors of           
                                            Overstock.com, Inc.    
                                            (NYSE: BYON), a        
                                            publicly-traded        
                                            internet retailer,     
                                            and the board of       
                                            directors of           
                                            publicly-traded XO     
                                            Group, Inc., which     
                                            merged with            
                                            WeddingWire in         
                                            December 2018. Ms.     
                                            Messing received her   
                                            B.A. from              
                                            Northwestern           
                                            University and her     
                                            J.D. from Stanford     
                                            Law School.            
  Barbara Messing                                                  
  Independent Director                                             
  Age:53                                                           
  Director Since:2024                                              
  Committees:Compensa…                                             
  Nominating and                                                   
  Corporate Governance                                             
                          Qualifications                           
                                            Ms. Messing was        
                                            selected to serve on   
                                            our Board of           
                                            Directors because of   
                                            her extensive          
                                            operational expertise  
                                            and leadership         
                                            experience in both     
                                            management and         
                                            director roles at      
                                            public companies. She  
                                            brings deep knowledge  
                                            in marketing, digital  
                                            media, product         
                                            development, and       
                                            adtech, with a strong  
                                            background in          
                                            building and scaling   
                                            online platforms. Her  
                                            experience in human    
                                            capital and talent     
                                            development enhances   
                                            our ability to help    
                                            drive organizational   
                                            growth and foster      
                                            leadership             
                                            excellence.            
                                            Skills                 
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation152025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                               Mr. Morgenfeld has  
                                               served as a member  
                                               of our Board of     
                                               Directors since     
                                               September 2023.     
                                               Mr. Morgenfeld      
                                               previously held     
                                               pivotal roles at    
                                               Pinterest, Inc.     
                                               (NYSE: PINS),       
                                               including Chief     
                                               Financial Officer   
                                               and Head of         
                                               Business            
                                               Operations from     
                                               November 2016 to    
                                               July 2023. Before   
                                               Pinterest, he left  
                                               his mark at         
                                               Twitter as Vice     
                                               President of        
                                               Finance from 2015   
                                               to 2016 and at      
                                               Hewlett-Packard     
                                               (NYSE: HPQ) as      
                                               Treasurer and       
                                               Senior VP of        
                                               Financial           
                                               Analytics and       
                                               Corporate           
                                               Development from    
                                               2013 to 2015.       
                                               Prior to his role   
                                               at                  
                                               Hewlett-Packard,    
                                               he was an           
                                               investment partner  
                                               at Silver Lake      
                                               Partners from 2004  
                                               to 2013. Mr.        
                                               Morgenfeld          
                                               currently sits on   
                                               the board of        
                                               directors of Urban  
                                               Outfitters, Inc.    
                                               (NASDAQ: URBN), a   
                                               portfolio of        
                                               global consumer     
                                               brands comprising   
                                               Urban Outfitters,   
                                               Anthropologie,      
                                               Free People,        
                                               BHLDN, Terrain,     
                                               Menus & Venues,     
                                               and Nuuly. Mr.      
                                               Morgenfeld          
                                               graduated first in  
                                               his class from the  
                                               United States       
                                               Military Academy    
                                               at West Point and   
                                               holds an M.B.A.     
                                               from Stanford       
                                               University          
                                               Graduate School of  
                                               Business.           
                                               Qualifications      
  Todd Morgenfeld                                                  
  Independent                                                      
  Director                                                         
  Age:53                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2023                                                       
  Committees:Audit                                                 
  (Chair);                                                         
  Compensation                                                     
                        Mr. Morgenfeld was                         
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of his deep                                
                        operational                                
                        expertise in                               
                        technology-driven                          
                        enterprises. He has                        
                        a strong background                        
                        in finance and                             
                        accounting, and his                        
                        public company                             
                        board experience                           
                        helps him bring                            
                        valuable insights                          
                        into public company                        
                        financial                                  
                        oversight, risk                            
                        management, and                            
                        corporate                                  
                        governance matters.                        
                                               Skills              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation162025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                   Mr. Vivas has served as a       
                                   member of our Board of          
                                   Directors since August 2018.    
                                   Mr. Vivas has served as Chief   
                                   Operating Officer at Humans,    
                                   Inc., the developer of the      
                                   Flip Shop social shopping app   
                                   since March 2024. From August   
                                   2017 to March 2024, he served   
                                   as the Chief Executive Officer  
                                   at Curated, Inc.                
                                   (Curated.com), an online        
                                   outdoor sports retailer he      
                                   co-founded. From March 2014 to  
                                   April 2017, Mr. Vivas served    
                                   as Head of Product, Talent      
                                   Solutions at LinkedIn           
                                   Corporation, a business and     
                                   employment-oriented online      
                                   service. He joined LinkedIn     
                                   through its acquisition of      
                                   Bright.com, an employment       
                                   website company he co-founded   
                                   and served as Chief Product     
                                   Officer from October 2011 to    
                                   February 2014.                  
                                   Qualifications                  
  Eduardo Vivas                                                    
                                   Mr. Vivas was selected to       
                                   serve on our Board of           
                                   Directors because of his        
                                   experience as a CEO and         
                                   executive leader in the         
                                   technology sector. His          
                                   expertise in marketing,         
                                   digital media, product          
                                   development, and adtech has     
  Director                         been instrumental in shaping    
                                   and executing successful        
                                   go-to-market strategies. Mr.    
                                   Vivas also has extensive        
                                   experience in mergers,          
                                   acquisitions, and strategic     
                                   transactions, providing         
                                   valuable insight into business  
                                   expansion and corporate         
                                   development.                    
  Age:39                                                           
  Director Since:2018                                              
  Committees:None                                                  
                         Skills                                    
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation172025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                              Mr. Webb has served  
                                              as a member of our   
                                              Board of Directors   
                                              since April 2025.    
                                              Mr. Webb is the      
                                              Founder of Webb      
                                              Investment Network,  
                                              an early-stage       
                                              venture capital      
                                              firm he started in   
                                              2010. Mr. Webb       
                                              served as the        
                                              Chairman of the      
                                              board of Liveops,    
                                              Inc., a cloud-based  
                                              call center, from    
                                              2008 to 2013 and     
                                              was the Chief        
                                              Executive Officer    
                                              from 2006 to 2011.   
                                              Previously, Mr.      
                                              Webb was the Chief   
                                              Operating Officer    
                                              of eBay, Inc.        
                                              (NASDAQ: EBAY), a    
                                              global commerce and  
                                              payments provider,   
                                              from 2002 to 2006,   
                                              and President of     
                                              eBay Technologies    
                                              from 1999 to 2002.   
                                              Prior to joining     
                                              eBay, Mr. Webb was   
                                              Senior Vice          
                                              President and Chief  
                                              Information Officer  
                                              at Gateway, Inc., a  
                                              computer             
                                              manufacturer, and    
                                              Vice President and   
                                              Chief Information    
                                              Officer at Bay       
                                              Networks, Inc., a    
                                              computer networking  
                                              products             
                                              manufacturer. Mr.    
                                              Webb currently       
                                              serves on the board  
                                              of directors of      
                                              Salesforce, Inc.     
                                              (NYSE: CRM) and      
                                              Visa Inc. (NYSE:     
                                              V). Mr. Webb         
                                              previously served    
                                              as the Chairman of   
                                              the board of         
                                              directors at Yahoo!  
                                              Inc. until 2017.     
                                              Mr. Webb holds a     
                                              Bachelor of Applied  
                                              Arts degree from     
                                              Florida Atlantic     
                                              University.          
  Maynard Webb                                                     
  Independent                                                      
  Director                                                         
  Age:69                                                           
  Director                                                         
  Since:2025                                                       
  Committees:Audit;                                                
  Nominating and                                                   
  Corporate                                                        
  Governance                                                       
                        Qualifications                             
                        Mr. Webb was                               
                        selected to serve                          
                        on our Board of                            
                        Directors because                          
                        of his extensive                           
                        leadership                                 
                        experience as a                            
                        CEO, executive                             
                        advisor, and                               
                        investment                                 
                        professional. He                           
                        brings deep                                
                        operational                                
                        expertise in                               
                        marketing, digital                         
                        media, product                             
                        development, and                           
                        adtech, along with                         
                        a strong track                             
                        record of scaling                          
                        businesses. He                             
                        also brings strong                         
                        experience in                              
                        strategic                                  
                        transactions and                           
                        international                              
                        operations.                                
                        Additionally, his                          
                        governance                                 
                        experience on the                          
                        boards of public                           
                        and private                                
                        technology                                 
                        companies provides                         
                        valuable oversight                         
                        and strategic                              
                        insight to our                             
                        Board.                                     
                                              Skills               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation182025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Director Independence and Controlled Company Exemption

We believe strong governance is consistent with our culture of
transparency and accountability and leads to better decision-making
and long-term success. The Nasdaq corporate governance rules
require that a majority of a listed company’s board of directors be
independent and that key committees—such as Audit, Compensation and
Nominating and Corporate Governance—be composed entirely of
independent directors. A director is considered “independent” if,
in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, the director
does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
director.

Our Board of Directors carefully reviews each director’s
background, employment history, and affiliations. After this
review, our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs.
Billings, Morgenfeld, and Webb, and Mses. Georgiadis , Harvey
Dawson, and Messing are independent under the Nasdaq corporate
governance rules. In making these determinations, the Board
considered all relevant factors, including current and prior
relationships with the Company, as outlined in the “Certain
Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions” section on
page 58 .

AppLovin is considered a “controlled company” under the Nasdaq
Listing Rules because Messrs. Foroughi and Chen, along with certain
affiliated trusts and entities (the “Voting Agreement Parties”),
collectively hold a majority of the voting power of our outstanding
common stock. As a result, we could take advantage of exemptions
for certain governance requirements related to independence and
annual performance evaluations for our Board of Directors and its
committees. However, we are committed to maintaining strong
independent oversight, and we do not rely on any of these
exemptions. Instead, we maintain the following governance structure
with respect to our Board of Directors:

• a majority of our Board of Directors members are independent;

• our Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and
Compensation Committees are each composed solely of independent
directors;

• our lead independent director role is designed to ensure a
strong, independent, and active board;

• our independent directors meet regularly in executive
sessions—without non-independent directors or management
present—following board of directors and committee meetings; and

• we conduct annual performance evaluations of all Board
committees.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation192025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Lead Independent
Director

Our board leadership structure and practices are designed to
promote strong, independent oversight while enabling decisive
execution of the Company’s strategic vision. Adam Foroughi, our Co-
Founder, and Chief Executive Officer, serves as our Chairperson of
the Board and plays a critical role in driving strategy, setting
priorities, and leading key discussions. His deep understanding of
our business uniquely positions him to navigate short-term issues
while executing our long-term vision.

To provide balanced governance and independent oversight, our Board
of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines which
provide for one of our independent directors to serve as our lead
independent director at any time when the chairperson of our Board
is not independent. Our lead independent director assumes key
leadership responsibilities to enhance oversight and
accountability.
                                                                   
  The Role of Our Lead Independent Director                        
                                                                   
Mr. Billings serves as our lead independent director, bringing
extensive public company leadership, financial acumen, and global
operational expertise to the role. As lead independent director,
his responsibilities include:

• calling special meetings of the independent directors when
necessary to address urgent or emerging matters;

• determining the agenda and serving as chairperson of meetings of
independent directors, ensuring candid and open discussions without
management present;

• serving as a direct liaison between the independent directors and
Mr. Foroughi, facilitating communication and feedback from
executive sessions;

• serving as a spokesperson for the Company as requested and
perform such other responsibilities as may be designed by a
majority of the independent directors; and

• providing guidance and oversight on strategic priorities,
corporate governance, and risk management.
                                                                   
  Independent Board Oversight & Governance                         
                                                                   
Our independent directors are deeply engaged in guiding the
Company’s most important decisions. They meet regularly in
executive sessions—without management present—following Board and
committee meetings, as well as periodically without non-independent
directors and management present . These executive sessions are
chaired by our lead independent director or applicable committee
chairperson and provide a forum for:

• independent assessment of management’s performance;

• strategic discussions on risk management, corporate governance,
and financial oversight; and

• strategic discussion on guidance and feedback to provide to the
CEO and other executives on key issues and long-term planning.
                                                                   
  Why This Structure Works for AppLovin                            
                                                                   
With a strong, wholly independent committee structure and a
majority of independent directors, our Board of Directors believes
it maintains effective oversight across all critical areas,
including:

• business operations and financial performance, including our
financial statements;

• executive compensation, human capital strategy and organizational
health;

• management’s performance and retention;

• board member selection and corporate governance; and

• regulatory and compliance programs.

We believe that this leadership structure—combining the strategic
leadership of our CEO with the strong oversight of our lead
independent director and independent committees—enhances our
ability to execute our day to day operations and strategic
initiatives, while strengthening accountability to our
stockholders.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation202025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Role of our Board in the Risk Oversight Process                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  How Our Board Oversees Risk                                      
                                                                   
As our business and operations evolve, we remain focused on
identifying, assessing, and mitigating risks that could impact our
current and future business as they emerge. While our management
team handles the day-to-day oversight of strategic, financial,
operational, reputational and legal risks, our Board of Directors
and its independent committees play a critical role providing high-
level oversight of those risks and ensuring the Company maintains a
risk management framework that fosters accountability and is
responsive to the Company’s evolving operations.
                                                                   
  How Our Board Stays Engaged                                      
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors and its committees actively engage on key
risk areas through:

• ongoing discussions with the management team on strategic and
operational risks;

• Q&A sessions or periodic reports from the management team and
external advisors, as needed, on key risk areas;

• an annual review of the Company’s risk profile, as prepared by
the management team; and

• evaluating the risks inherent in major transactions and corporate
decisions.

To bolster our Board’s risk oversight, our Board’s committees
oversee specific key risk areas and receive regular updates from
management and industry experts, as needed.

• Audit Committee : Oversees financial reporting, internal
controls, disclosure controls and procedures, AI governance,
cybersecurity, data privacy and protection matters, legal and
regulatory compliance and conflicts of interest. Regularly engages
with management and auditors on risk assessment policies and risk
management pertaining to financial, accounting, and tax matters.

• Compensation Committee : Evaluates risks related to executive
compensation, ensures our compensation structure promotes sound
decision-making and prevents excessive risk-taking, and administers
our compensation recovery policy.

• Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee : Focuses on risks
tied to corporate governance, succession planning, and board
independence.
                                                                   
  Leveraging Expertise for Risk Management                         
                                                                   
To stay ahead of emerging challenges and proactively approach
dynamic issues, our Board of Directors and its committees also
engage outside legal and subject-matter experts, as well as the
accounting and tax professionals, to provide insights on market
trends, regulatory shifts, and evolving risk landscapes.

We see risk oversight as more than just a compliance
requirement—it’s an essential part of how we drive innovation,
safeguard our Company, and create long-term value for all
stakeholders.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation212025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Board Committees                                                 
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors has established three (3) standing
committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. On April 9, 2025,
our Board of Directors approved the below committee reassignments.
T he current composition and responsibilities of each of the
committees of our Board of Directors is described below. Members
will serve on these committees until their resignation or until as
otherwise determined by our Board of Directors.
                                                                   
                                                Nominating and     
  Director             Audit    Compensation    Corporate          
                                                Governance         
  Craig Billings       ●▲       C                                  
  Margaret             ●▲                       C                  
  Georgiadis                                                       
  Alyssa Harvey        ●                        ●                  
  Dawson                                                           
  Barbara Messing               ●               ●                  
  Todd Morgenfeld      C▲       ●                                  
  Maynard Webb         ●▲                       ●                  
  ●Committee                                                       
  memberCCommittee                                                 
  chair▲Financial                                                  
  expert                                                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Audit Committee                                                  
                                                                   
Our Audit Committee plays a crucial role in helping us to maintain
our financial integrity, transparency, and strong internal
controls. The Audit Committee provides independent oversight of our
financial reporting, risk management, and compliance processes,
helping to safeguard the trust of our stockholders, employees, and
partners.

Each member of our Audit Committee meets the independence standards
required by the Nasdaq corporate governance rules and SEC rules and
regulations. Additionally, all members meet the financial literacy
and sophistication requirements of the Nasdaq corporate governance
rules and our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs.
Morgenfeld, Billings, Webb, and Ms. Georgiadis qualify as audit
committee financial experts under Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Act of 1933.

Our Audit Committee is responsible for oversight of the following:
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Financial Oversight & Reporting                                  
                                                                   
◦ reviews our financial statements, earnings releases, and SEC
filings;

◦ oversees internal audit procedures to evaluate effectiveness and
results;

◦ reviews and discusses audit findings, financial statement
accuracy, and internal control measures with management and our
independent registered public accounting firm;
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Risk Management & Compliance                                     
                                                                   
◦ promotes strong internal controls and reviews policies on
financial risk, tax, and accounting matters;

◦ oversees legal and regulatory compliance, including with respect
to cybersecurity, artificial intelligence (AI), data privacy, and
information security to protect Company and user data;

◦ develops procedures for employees to report concerns anonymously
about questionable accounting or audit matters;

◦ reviews related party transactions;
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation222025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Audit & External Oversight                                       
                                                                   
◦ selects, retains, and oversees an independent registered public
accounting firm to audit our financial statements;

◦ reviews audit plans, annual reports, and audit performance; and

◦ approves or pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit
services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be performed
by the independent registered public accounting firm.

Our Audit Committee operates under a written charter that complies
with SEC rules and regulations and the Nasdaq corporate governance
rules. A copy of the charter is available at
https://investors.applovin.com . In 2024, our Audit Committee held
seven (7) meetings, providing regular oversight and proactive
governance.
                                                                   
  Compensation Committee                                           
                                                                   
We recognize that a well-structured compensation strategy is
essential to attracting, retaining, and motivating top talent. Our
Compensation Committee is responsible for aligning executive
compensation, equity programs, and benefits with Company
performance, stockholder interests, and evolving governance best
practices.

Each member of our Compensation Committee meets the independence
requirements under Nasdaq corporate governance rules and SEC rules
and regulations , and qualifies as a non-employee director under
Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act.

The Compensation Committee plays a critical role in shaping
AppLovin’s compensation philosophy to foster performance,
innovation, and responsible risk-taking, while also ensuring
alignment with long-term stockholder value creation. Key
responsibilities include:
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Executive Compensation & Performance Evaluation                  
                                                                   
◦ oversees the annual performance evaluation of our chief executive
officer (CEO) and considers the CEO’s evaluation of senior
management when determining executive compensation;

◦ reviews and approves, or makes recommendations to the Board
regarding, compensation for our CEO and other named executive
officers (NEOs), including base salary, annual and long-term
incentives, and benefits;

◦ administers employment agreements, severance arrangements, and
change-in-control protections for executive officers;
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Equity & Incentive Compensation Plans                            
                                                                   
◦ administers our equity compensation plans and grants equity
awards to eligible individuals;

◦ reviews, approves, and recommends modifications to incentive
compensation plans to drive long-term value creation;

◦ oversees and enforces the compensation recovery (“clawback”)
policy;
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Compensation Governance & Risk Oversight                         
                                                                   
◦ designs our compensation policies and practices to support
sustainable growth without encouraging excessive risk-taking;

◦ evaluates and recommends director compensation;

◦ oversees stock ownership guidelines for executives and Board of
Directors members;

◦ reviews and discusses executive compensation disclosures,
including compensation discussion and analysis, in compliance with
SEC requirements;
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation232025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Independent Oversight                                            
                                                                   
◦ engages independent compensation consultants to provide
independent advice and benchmarking for executive and director
compensation against peer companies;

◦ reviews market trends in executive pay, performance metrics, and
regulatory developments to maintain competitive programs that are
aligned with stockholder interests;

◦ reviews Say-on-Pay advisory votes and stockholder feedback to
enhance our compensation programs; and

◦ evaluates any potential conflicts of interest with its advisors
in accordance with SEC and Nasdaq Listing Rules.

Our Compensation Committee operates under a written charter, which
complies with SEC rules and regulations and Nasdaq corporate
governance rules. A copy of the charter is available at
https://investors.applovin.com .

In 2024, our Compensation Committee held eight (8) meetings,
reinforcing its commitment to sound governance. Each member of the
Compensation Committee brings deep expertise from public and
private board service, executive leadership roles, and industry
experience. This collective insight enables the Committee to
oversee and guide our executive compensation programs with sound
judgment, objectivity, and a long-term focus.
                                                                   
  Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee                    
                                                                   
We believe that strong leadership, governance, and forward-thinking
corporate policies drive long-term success. Our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee works to ensure that our Board of
Directors remains diverse, independent, and equipped with the right
expertise to guide our Company’s growth.

Each member of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
meets the independence requirements under Nasdaq corporate
governance rules and SEC rules and regulations.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee plays a vital
role in shaping AppLovin’s leadership and governance framework. Key
responsibilities include:
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Board Leadership & Composition                                   
                                                                   
◦ Identifies, evaluates, and recommends nominees for election to
our Board of Directors.

◦ Reviews the composition and structure of our Board of Directors
and its committees to develop the right mix of expertise and
experience.

◦ Evaluates the performance of our Board of Directors, its
committees, and individual directors.

◦ Recommends committee assignments and leadership roles within the
Board.
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Governance Oversight                                             
                                                                   
◦ Develops and maintains corporate governance policies and
practices to promote compliance and best practices.

◦ Oversees the Board of Directors’ leadership structure.

◦ Evaluates director independence in accordance with Nasdaq Listing
Rules and SEC requirements.
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Succession Planning                                              
                                                                   
◦ Oversees executive succession planning to promote smooth
leadership transitions.
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Stockholder & Governance Engagement                              
                                                                   
◦ Develops policies and procedures for stockholder nominations to
our Board of Directors.

◦ Reviews stockholder proposals and corporate governance matters.

◦ Evaluates and recommends actions on stockholder engagement
efforts.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation242025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a
written charter, which complies with Nasdaq corporate governance
rules. A copy of the charter is available at
https://investors.applovin.com .

In 2024, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held
five (5) meetings, reinforcing our commitment to strong governance,
strong leadership, and driving sustainable growth.
                                                                   
  Ad Hoc Committees                                                
                                                                   
In addition to the standing committees described above, from time
to time, our Board of Directors may designate a committee
consisting of one (1) or more directors on an ad hoc basis,
including for purposes of evaluating and/or approving specific
projects or transactions. Ad hoc committees comprised entirely of
independent directors met two (2) times in 2024.
                                                                   
  Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings                     
                                                                   
During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, our Board of
Directors held seven (7) meetings (including regularly scheduled
and special meetings). Each director attended at least 89% of (i)
the total number of meetings of our Board of Directors held during
the period for which he or she has been a director and (ii) the
total number of meetings held by all committees of our Board of
Directors on which he or she served during the periods that he or
she served. In the aggregate, our directors attended approximately
98% of such meetings.

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by
members of our Board of Directors at annual meetings of
stockholders, our Corporate Governance Guidelines strongly
encourage, but do not require, our directors to attend. Eight (8)
of AppLovin’s nine (9) then serving directors were present at the
2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of the members of our Compensation Committee is o r has been
an officer or employee of AppLovin. None of our executive officers
currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of
the board of directors or compensation committee (or other
committee of the board of directors performing equivalent
functions) of any other entity that has one of its executive
officers serving on our Board of Directors or Compensation
Committee. Se e the section titled “Certain Relationships, Related
Party and Other Transactions” on page 58, for information about
related party transactions involving members of our Compensation
Committee or their affiliates.
                                                                   
  Board of Directors Evaluations                                   
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors, in conjunction with our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, conducts an annual evaluation of
the performance of the Board of Directors as a whole and each of
its standing committees, including an evaluation of the
qualifications of individual members of the Board of Directors and
its committees. The results of the evaluation are reviewed by our
lead independent director and the chair of our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, in partnership with our outside
legal counsel. Thereafter, the evaluation results and any
recommendations for improvement are provided to our Board of
Directors and its standing committees by a member of our outside
legal counsel. Our Board of Directors and our management work
closely to address any action items that result from this
evaluation process.
                                                                   
  Voting Structure and Voting Agreement                            
                                                                   
In connection with our initial public offering, we amended and
restated our certificate of incorporation to create three classes
of authorized common stock. Holders of our Class A common stock are
entitled to one (1) vote for each share held on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders of our Class B common
stock are entitled to twenty (20) votes for each share held on all
matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, and holders of our
Class C common stock are not entitled to vote on any matter that is
submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as otherwise required
by law. There are no shares of our Class C common stock
outstanding. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B
common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise
required by law.

All shares of Class B common stock are held by the Voting Agreement
Parties. The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into a voting
agreement (the “Voting Agreement”) whereby all Class B common stock
held by the Voting
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation252025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities and
permitted transferees will be voted as determined by Mr. Foroughi
and Mr. Chen. As a result, the Voting Agreement Parties will
collectively be able to determine or significantly influence any
action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including the
election of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of
any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our
assets, or other major corporate transaction. The multi-class
structure of our common stock is intended to ensure that, for the
foreseeable future, our CEO and Co-Founder Adam Foroughi continues
to control or significantly influence the governance of the
Company, which we believe will permit us to continue to prioritize
our strategic goals and the creation of long-term stockholder value
rather than short-term results.

Further, Mr. Chen is party to an Equity Exchange Right Agreement
which originally covered 2,280,201 options to purchase shares of
Class A common stock, of which 1,680,201 remain unexercised as of
March 31, 2025. The Equity Exchange Right Agreement provides that
Mr. Chen may exchange such shares, or the shares received upon
exercise of such options, as may be the case, for an equivalent
number of shares of our Class B common stock. For additional
information on the voting power of the Voting Agreement Parties,
see the section titled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management” on page 55 .
                                                                   
  Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees                   
                                                                   
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee uses a variety of
methods, including engaging the services of outside consultants and
search firms, to identify and evaluate director nominees. Our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee works with our Board
of Directors to determine the desired qualifications, expertise,
and characteristics of our Board of Directors, including such
factors as relevant business experience and diversity, and with
respect to diversity, such factors as differences in professional
background, education, skill and other individual qualities, and
attributes that contribute to the total mix of viewpoints and
experience represented on our Board of Directors.

In its evaluation of director nominees, our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and our Board of Directors evaluate
each director in the context of the membership of the Board of
Directors as a group, with the objective of having a group that can
best perpetuate the success of the business and represent
stockholder interests through the exercise of sound judgment using
its diversity of background and experience in the various areas.
Each director should be an individual of high character and
integrity. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-
election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also
considers the director’s past attendance at meetings, participation
in and contributions to the activities of the Board of Directors
and the Company, and other qualifications and characteristics set
forth in the charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee charter. Some of the qualifications that our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee considers include, without
limitation, issues of character, integrity, judgment, corporate
experience, diversity of experience, professional background,
independence, area of expertise, length of service, potential
conflicts of interest, and other commitments. Director nominees
must also have the highest personal and professional ethics and
integrity, proven achievement and competence in the director
nominee’s field and the ability to exercise sound business
judgment, skills that are complementary to those of the existing
members of the Board of Directors, and the ability to assist and
support management and make significant contributions to our
success. Director nominees must understand the fiduciary
responsibilities that are required of a member of our Board of
Directors and have sufficient time and energy available, in the
judgment of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, to
perform all board of director and applicable committee
responsibilities. Members of our Board of Directors are expected to
prepare for, attend, and participate in all board of directors and
applicable committee meetings. Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee may also consider such other factors as it may
deem, from time to time, are in our and our stockholders’ best
interests.

After completing its review and evaluation of director nominees,
including incumbent directors, our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee recommends to our full Board of Directors the
director nominees for selection.

Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the Board of
Directors

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider
director nominees recommended by stockholders who have continuously
held at least 1% of our fully diluted capitalization for at least
twelve (12) months prior to the date of the submission of the
recommendation. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation262025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
will evaluate such recommendations in accordance with its charter,
our amended and restated bylaws and our policies and procedures for
director nominees, as well as the regular director nominee criteria
described above. This process is designed to ensure that our Board
of Directors includes members with diverse backgrounds, skills, and
experience, including appropriate financial and other expertise
relevant to our business. Eligible stockholders wishing to
recommend a nominee for nomination should contact our Chief Legal
Officer and Corporate Secretary in writing at the address below.
Such recommendations must include the nominee’s name, home and
business contact information, detailed biographical data, relevant
qualifications, a signed letter from the nominee confirming
willingness to serve, information regarding any relationships
between the nominee and the Company, and evidence of the
recommending stockholder’s ownership of the Company’s capital
stock. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has
discretion to decide which individuals to recommend for nomination
as directors.

Under our amended and restated bylaws, stockholders may also
directly nominate persons for our Board of Directors. Any
nomination must comply with the requirements set forth in our
amended and restated bylaws and should be sent in writing to our
Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at AppLovin
Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. Any
notice of director nomination submitted must include the additional
information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act and
otherwise must comply with applicable federal and state law. To be
timely for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, nominations
must be received by our Corporate Secretary observing the same
deadlines for stockholder proposals discussed above on page 6 under
“What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next
year’s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to
serve as directors?—Stockholder Proposals. ”
                                                                   
  Communications with the Board of Directors                       
                                                                   
Interested parties wishing to communicate with non-management
members of our Board of Directors may do so by writing and mailing
the correspondence to our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
Secretary at AppLovin Corporation, Attn: Chief Legal Officer, 1100
Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. Each communication
should set forth (i) the name and address of the stockholder, as it
appears on our books, and if the shares of our common stock are
held by a nominee, the name and address of the beneficial owner of
such shares, and (ii) the class and number of shares of our common
stock that are owned of record by the record holder and
beneficially by the beneficial owner.

Our Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with appropriate members
of our Board of Directors as necessary, will review all incoming
communications (except for mass mailings, product complaints or
inquiries, job inquiries, business solicitations, and patently
offensive or otherwise inappropriate material), and, if
appropriate, will route such communications to the appropriate
director(s) or, if none is specified, to the Chairperson of the
Board or the Lead Independent Director.

This procedure does not apply to (i) communications to non-
management directors from our officers or directors who are
stockholders or (ii) stockholder proposals submitted pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, which are discussed further in
the section titled “What is the deadline to propose actions for
consideration at next year’s annual meeting of stockholders or to
nominate individuals to serve as directors?—Stockholder Proposals”
described on page 6 in this proxy statement.
                                                                   
  Corporate Governance                                             
                                                                   
Our governance practices and leadership demonstrate a strong
commitment to integrity, transparency, and accountability.

Here’s how we put these values into practice:

Currently, a majority of our Board of Directors is composed of
independent directors, in line with Nasdaq’s corporate governance
rules. We have implemented robust governance policies, including
board committee charters, corporate governance guidelines, a Code
of Conduct and Business Ethics, Insider Trading and Compensation
Recovery policies, and Equity Ownership Guidelines. To reinforce a
culture of ethical conduct, we have also partnered with an
independent third-party to manage a confidential and anonymous
whistleblower hotline, providing employees, contractors, customers,
and vendors with a secure channel to report concerns.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation272025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Corporate Governance Guidelines & Code of Conduct                
                                                                   
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines set the standard for how we run
our Board of Directors and company, covering director
qualifications, responsibilities, and governance best practices.
These guidelines are designed to focus our leadership on long-term
value creation and ethical decision-making. We hold ourselves to
the highest ethical standards through our Code of Conduct and
Business Ethics (“Code”) which applies to every employee, officer,
and director—from our CEO to each team member. This Code guides how
we conduct business with integrity and accountability, ensuring we
always act in the best interests of our stakeholders.

You can find our full Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of
Conduct and Business Ethics on our website at
https://investors.applovin.com . Any amendments or waivers for
executive officers or directors will be posted there or disclosed
in SEC filings as required.
                                                                   
  Insider Trading Policy                                           
                                                                   
Our Board of Directors has adopted an Insider Trading
Policygoverning the purchase, sale, and/or disposition of our
securities by directors, officers, employees, and other covered
persons. We believe this policy is reasonably designed to promote
compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and
the exchange listing standards applicable to us. A copy of our
Insider Trading Policy was filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

From time to time, we may engage in transactions in our own
securities. It is the Company’s policy to comply with all
applicable securities laws and the exchange listing standards
applicable to us when engaging in transactions in our securities.
                                                                   
  Compensation Recovery Policy                                     
                                                                   
In November 2023, our Compensation Committee adopted a Compensation
Recovery Policy in compliance with the Nasdaq and SEC rules
requiring public companies to recover excess incentive-based
compensation from current and former executive officers by our
Board of Directors in accordance with Rule 16a-1(f) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in the event of an
accounting restatement.

Specifically:

• If we are required to prepare an accounting restatement due to
our material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements,
we must clawback from covered executive officers any incentive-
based compensation that was in excess of what they would have
received had their incentive compensation been determined based on
the restated amounts.

• This applies to incentive compensation received on or after
October 2, 2023, covering the three (3) completed fiscal years
prior to the restatement date.
                                                                   
  Equity Ownership Guidelines                                      
                                                                   
To further align the interests of our executive team and Board of
Directors with stockholders, our Board adopted Equity Ownership
Guidelines (as amended). These guidelines set the following
expectations for how much Company equity our executives and non-
employee directors should hold over time:

• Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer: 600% of
base salary in equity;

• other Executive Officers: 300% of base salary in equity; and

• non-Employee Directors: 500% of annual Board cash retainer
(excluding committee or chair retainers).

What counts toward the equity ownership requirement?

• Shares of Class A and Class B common stock (including unvested
restricted stock);

• shares held in trusts, limited partnerships, or similar entities
for the benefit of the executive officer or non-employee director,
or their immediate family;

• shares held in retirement or deferred compensation accounts; and

• certain RSUs and other full-value awards (whether vested or
unvested).
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation282025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
What doesn’t count?

• Unexercised stock options; and

• performance-based awards that remain subject to performance-based
vesting requirements.

Executives and non-employee directors generally have until five (5)
years from the later of the policy adoption or their appointment to
meet these ownership requirements. The full policy is available at
https://investors.applovin.com and may be amended by the Board or
Compensation Committee.
                                                                   
  Director Compensation                                            
                                                                   
We have adopted a compensation policy for our non-employee
directors (the “Director Compensation Policy”). The Director
Compensation Policy is designed to attract, retain, and reward
experienced non-employee directors. To ensure our Director
Compensation Policy remains competitive to help us attract
qualified non-employee director nominees and retain our existing
non-employee directors, the policy is reviewed annually by our
Compensation Committee and its independent advisor, Semler Brossy.
In February 2025, we amended our Director Compensation Policy to
increase our compensation for the chairperson and members of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, increase the initial
grant to individuals who become non-employee directors, and
increase the annual equity award granted to non-employee directors
each year.

Under the Director Compensation Policy each non-employee director
receives the cash and equity compensation for board services
described below. We also reimburse our non-employee directors for
reasonable, customary, and documented travel expenses to meetings
of our Board of Directors or its committee and other expenses.
                                                                   
  Cash Compensation                                                
                                                                   
Under our Director Compensation Policy in effect during 2024, non-
employee directors were entitled to receive the following cash
compensation for their service on our Board of Directors (the
parentheticals show amounts changed in February 2025):

• $50,000 per year for service as a member of the Board of
Directors;

• $60,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Board of
Directors;

• $75,000 per year for service as lead independent director of the
Board of Directors;

• $35,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Audit
Committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as member of the Audit Committee;

• $30,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Compensation
Committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as member of the Compensation
Committee;

• $15,000 ($25,000) per year for service as chairperson of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; and

• $5,000 ($10,000) per year for service as member of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee.

Each non-employee director who serves as the chairperson of a
committee will receive only the annual cash fee as the chairperson
of the committee, and not the additional annual cash fee as a
member of the committee. All cash payments to non-employee
directors are paid quarterly in arrears on a pro-rated basis, and,
as noted above, non-employee directors can elect to receive an
award of restricted stock units (RSUs) or non-qualified stock
options in lieu of cash compensation.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation292025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Equity Compensation                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Initial Award                                                    
                                                                   
Each person who first becomes a non-employee director will be
granted an initial award on the first trading date on or after the
date on which such individual first becomes a non-employee director
(the “Initial Award”) covering a number of shares of our Class A
common stock having a grant date fair value (determined in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”)) of $425,000 (increased to $500,000 in February 2025),
rounded to the nearest whole share. The Initial Award will vest in
twelve (12) equal quarterly installments beginning on the first
standard quarterly vesting date to occur after such individual
first becomes a non-employee director and each subsequent standard
quarterly vesting date thereafter, subject to the non-employee
director continuing to be a service provider through the applicable
vesting date. Our standard quarterly vesting dates are February 20,
May 20, August 20, and November 20. If the person was a member of
our Board of Directors and also an employee, becoming a non-
employee director due to termination of employment does not entitle
them to an Initial Award. The type of equity award to be granted to
a non-employee director will be elected in advance at the
discretion of the non-employee director and may consist entirely of
RSUs or non-qualified stock options.
                                                                   
  Annual Award                                                     
                                                                   
On the date of each annual meeting of our stockholders, each non-
employee director will automatically receive an annual equity award
(an “Annual Award”) covering a number of shares of our Class A
common stock having a grant date fair value (determined in
accordance with GAAP) of $250,000 (increased to $300,000 in
February 2025), rounded to the nearest whole share. The Annual
Award will vest on the earlier of (i) the one (1) year anniversary
of the date the Annual Award is granted or (ii) the day prior to
the date of the annual meeting next following the date the Annual
Award is granted, in each case, subject to the non-employee
director continuing to be a service provider through the applicable
vesting date. The type of equity award to be granted to a non-
employee director will be elected in advance of an annual meeting
at the discretion of the non-employee director and may consist
entirely of RSUs or non-qualified stock options.
                                                                   
  Change in Control                                                
                                                                   
In the event of a “change in control” (as defined in our 2021
Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”)), each non-employee
director’s outstanding award(s) will fully vest, provided that the
non-employee director continues to be a non-employee director
through the date of the change in control.
                                                                   
  Maximum Annual Compensation Limit                                
                                                                   
The Director Compensation Policy includes a maximum annual limit of
$750,000 in total cash and equity compensation awards that may be
paid, issued, or granted to a non-employee director in any fiscal
year (increased to $1,000,000 in the non-employee director’s
initial year of service as a non-employee director). For purposes
of this limitation, the value of equity awards is based on the
grant date fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP). Any
cash compensation paid or equity awards granted to a person for
their service as an employee, or for their service as a consultant
(other than as a non-employee director), will not count for
purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the
intended size of any potential compensation or equity awards to our
non-employee directors.
                                                                   
  2024 Compensation                                                
                                                                   
The following table provides information regarding compensation of
our non-employee directors for their service as directors, for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. During 2024, Messrs. Chen,
Foroughi and Oberwager did not receive compensation for service as
directors, although Mr. Chen continued to vest in his equity award
granted to him in 2023 for his service as an advisor to our CEO
during calendar year 2024. See “Executive Compensation” starting on
page 36, for additional information regarding the compensation of
Mr. Foroughi.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation302025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                 Fees Paid                                         
                        or        Stock    All Other        Total  
  Name           Earned in       Awards    Compensati…        ($)  
                      Cash    ($)(1)(4)    ($)                     
                       ($)                                         
  Craig            207,734      249,922    —              457,656  
  Billings                                                         
  Herald                 —            —    105,000(3)     105,000  
  Chen                                                             
  Margaret          93,750      249,922    —              343,672  
  Georgiadis                                                       
  Alyssa                                                           
  Harvey                 —      312,048    —              312,048  
  Dawson                                                           
  Barbara                —      711,766    —              711,766  
  Messing                                                          
  Todd             105,398      249,922    —              355,320  
  Morgenfeld                                                       
  Edward                 —            —    —                    —  
  Oberwager…                                                       
  Eduardo                —      302,431    250,000(3)     552,431  
  Vivas                                                            
                                                                   
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received by
the director, and there can be no assurance that these amounts will
ever be realized by the director. Instead, the amount shown is the
grant date fair value of the awards granted in fiscal 2024 computed
in accordance with ASC Topic 718 — Compensation — Stock
Compensation (“ASC Topic 718”), disregarding forfeiture
assumptions. The grant date fair value of the RSU awards was
calculated based on the closing price per share of our Class A
common stock on the grant date.

2. Mr. Oberwager was elected as a KKR designated director on the
Company’s Board of Directors and does not receive cash or equity
compensation.

3. Amounts reflect the Company’s payment of a required filing fee
incurred by each of Mr. Chen and Mr. Vivas under the Hart-Scott
Rodino Act of 1976, or HSR Act, which fees were approved by the
Board of Directors.

4. The following table lists all outstanding equity awards held by
non-employee directors as of December 31, 2024:
                                                                   
                                              Number      Number   
                                              of          of       
                       Date of                Shares      Shares   
  Name                 Grant                  Underly…    Underl…  
                                              Stock       Options  
                                              Award       (#)      
                                              (#)                  
  Craig                12/30/2…               —           3,000(…  
  Billi…                                                           
            07/06/…                —          15,537(…             
            06/05/…                2,987(…    —                    
  Herald               11/05/2…               —           1,880,…  
  Chen                                                             
  Marga…               06/05/2…               2,987(c)    —        
  Georg…                                                           
  Alyssa                                                           
  Harvey               06/05/2…               2,987(c)    —        
  Dawson                                                           
  Barba…               03/01/2…               5,119(d)    —        
  Messi…                                                           
            06/05/…                2,987(…    —                    
  Todd                 09/05/2…               5,828(e)    —        
  Morge…                                                           
            06/05/…                2,987(…    —                    
  Eduar…               07/06/2…               —           15,537…  
  Vivas                                                            
            06/05/…                2,987(…    —                    
                                                                   
a. These awards were granted pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan (the “2011 Plan”); all other awards were granted pursuant to
our 2021 Plan.

b. This option is fully vested.
c. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to each non-
employee directors’ continued role as a service provider to us, as
to 100% of the total shares on the earlier of (i) the one-year
anniversary of the date the Annual Award is granted or (ii) the day
prior to the date of the Annual Meeting next following the date the
Annual Award is granted.
d. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Messing’s
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/12th of the
total shares on May 20, 2024 with 1/12th of the total shares
vesting quarterly thereafter.

e. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr.
Morgenfeld’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to
1/12th of the total shares on November 20, 2023 with 1/12th of the
total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation312025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Audit Committee Report

The Audit Committee is a committee of the Board of Directors
comprised solely of independent directors as required by Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements and SEC rules and regulations.
The composition of the Audit Committee, the attributes of its
members and the responsibilities of the Audit Committee, as
reflected in its charter, are intended to be in accordance with
applicable requirements for corporate Audit Committees. With
respect to AppLovin’s financial reporting process, AppLovin’s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal
controls and preparing AppLovin’s financial statements. AppLovin’s
independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche
LLP (“Deloitte”), is responsible for performing an independent
audit of AppLovin’s financial statements. It is the responsibility
of the Audit Committee to oversee these activities. It is not the
responsibility of the Audit Committee to prepare AppLovin’s
financial statements. These are the fundamental responsibilities of
management. In the performance of its oversight function, the Audit
Committee has:

• reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with
management;

• discussed with Deloitte the matters required to be discussed by
the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) and the SEC; and

• received the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte
required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the
independent accountant’s communications with the Audit Committee
concerning independence, and has discussed with Deloitte its
independence.

Based on the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with
management and Deloitte, the Audit Committee recommended to the
Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be
included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2024 for filing with the SEC.

Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors for fiscal year 2024,
                                                                   
  Todd Morgenfeld (Chair)                                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Craig Billings                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Margaret Georgiadis                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                             
                                                                   
This report of the Audit Committee is required by the SEC and, in
accordance with the SEC’s rules, will not be deemed to be part of
or incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating
by reference this proxy statement into any filing under the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we
specifically incorporate this information by reference and will not
otherwise be deemed “soliciting material” or “filed” under either
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation322025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  PROPOSAL NO. 2                                                   
                                                                   
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm

Our Audit Committee has a ppointed Deloitte & Touche LLP
(“Deloitte”), an independent registered public accounting firm, to
audit our consolidated financial statements for our fiscal year
ending December 31, 2025. Deloitte has served as our independent
registered public accounting firm since 2015 when they were first
engaged to complete our fiscal year 2014 audit.

At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders are being asked to ratify
the appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public
accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. Our
Audit Committee is submitting the appointment of Deloitte to our
stockholders because we value our stockholders’ views on our
independent registered public accounting firm and as a matter of
good corporate governance. The Audit Committee believes that the
continued retention of Deloitte is in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders. In arriving at this conclusion, the
Audit Committee believes that Deloitte's global reputation, deep
technical expertise, and familiarity with complex international
operations make them well-qualified to serve the Company and our
stockholders. Notwithstanding the appointment of Deloitte, and even
if our stockholders ratify the appointment, our Audit Committee, in
its discretion, may appoint another independent registered public
accounting firm at any time during our fiscal year if our Audit
Committee believes that such a change would be in the best
interests of our Company and our stockholders. If our stockholders
do not ratify the appointment of Deloitte, our Board of Directors
may reconsider the appointment. Representatives of Deloitte will be
present at the Annual Meeting, have an opportunity to make a
statement, and be available to respond to appropriate questions
from our stockholders.

Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The following table presents fees for professional audit services
and other services rendered to our Company by Deloitte for our
fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
                                                                   
                            ($ in thousands)  2024        2023     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Audit Fees(1)          $             4,995          $  4,681     
  Audit-Related                               —                 —  
  Fees(2)                                                          
  Tax Fees(3)                          1,228             1,661     
  All Other Fees(4)                        —                15     
  Total Fees             $             6,223          $  6,357     
                                                                   
1. Audit Fees include fees related to professional services
rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial
statements, the audit of internal control over financial reporting
in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
reviews of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, and for audit services provided in connection with
other statutory and regulatory filings.

2. Audit-Related Fees include fees related to assurance and related
services that are reasonably related to the performance of the
audit or review of our financial statements and are not included in
the fees reported in the table above under “Audit Fees.” No audit-
related fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023.

3. Tax Fees include fees related to services for U.S. federal,
state, local, international, and other tax compliance, planning,
advisory, and consultation services.

4. All Other Fees include services other than the services reported
above, including permissible advisory and consulting services in
connection with mergers and acquisitions and other transactions.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation332025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Auditor Independence                                             
                                                                   
In our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 there were no other
professional services provided by Deloitte, other than those listed
above, that would have required our Audit Committee to consider
their compatibility with maintaining the independence of Deloitte.

Audit Committee Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Our Audit Committee has established a policy governing our use of
the services of our independent registered public accounting firm.
Under this policy, our Audit Committee is required to pre-approve
all audit services and permissible non-audit services performed by
our independent registered public accounting firm in order to
ensure that the provision of such services does not impair the
public accountants’ independence. All services provided by Deloitte
for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, which
includes all fees for audit services, were pre-approved by our
audit committee in accordance with the policy.
                                                                   
  Vote Required                                                    
                                                                   
The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent
registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending
December 31, 2025 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the voting power of the shares of our common stock present
virtually or by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
thereon. Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this
proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect.
                                                                   
       OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE          
  ☑    RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP    
       AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM.       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation342025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Executive Officers

The following table identifies certain information about our
executive officers as of March 31, 2025. Our executive officers are
appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our Board of
Directors. There are no family relationships among any of our
directors or executive officers.
                                                                   
  Name                   Age    Position                           
  Adam Foroughi           44    Chief Executive Officer and        
                                Chairperson                        
  Matthew Stumpf          41    Chief Financial Officer            
  Vasily Shikin           39    Chief Technology Officer           
  Victoria Valenzuela     51    Chief Legal Officer and Corporate  
                                Secretary                          
                                                                   
For Mr. Foroughi’s biography, see “Nominees for Director.”
                                                      
  Matthew Stumpf.Mr. Stumpf has served as our Chief   
  Financial Officer since January 2024 and prior to   
  that served as our Vice President of Finance and    
  FP&A from July 2022 through December 2023 and as    
  our Senior Director, FP&A from February 2020        
  through June 2022. Prior to joining us, Mr. Stumpf  
  worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers, an audit and      
  assurance, consulting and tax services firm, from   
  2006 to 2020 in roles of increasing                 
  responsibility, including most recently as          
  Transaction Services - Financial Due Diligence      
  Director. He holds a B.A. in Business Management    
  Economics from the University of California, Santa  
  Cruz.                                               
  Vasily Shikin.Mr. Shikin has served as our Chief    
  Technology Officer since January 2020 and prior to  
  that served as our Vice President of Engineering    
  since January 2012. Prior to joining us, from May   
  2008 to January 2012, he served as Senior Software  
  Engineer at DeviceAnywhere, Inc., a cloud-based     
  platform for testing and monitoring mobile          
  websites and applications acquired by Keynote       
  Systems, Inc. Mr. Shikin holds a Masters in         
  Mathematics from Saint-Petersburg State             
  University.                                         
  Victoria Valenzuela.Ms. Valenzuela has served as    
  our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary     
  since May 2020. Ms. Valenzuela joined us through    
  our acquisition of Machine Zone, Inc. where she     
  served as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate         
  Secretary from January 2015 to April 2020. From     
  May 2004 to December 2014, she served as General    
  Counsel, Vice President, Legal Affairs, and         
  Corporate Secretary of Cypress Semiconductor        
  Corporation, a public semiconductor company         
  acquired by Infineon Technologies AG. Prior to      
  Cypress Semiconductor, she was a corporate and      
  technology attorney with Brobeck, Phleger &         
  Harrison, LLP and Clifford Chance LLP. She holds a  
  B.A. in Political Science from California State     
  University, Fullerton and a J.D. from Stanford      
  University Law School.                              
                                                      
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation352025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Executive Compensation
                                                                   
   Compensation Discussion and Analysis                            
                                                                   
This compensation discussion and analysis includes a discussion of
compensation for the following individuals who served as executive
officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, who we
refer to as our named executive officers (“NEOs”):

• Adam Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and
Chairperson of our Board of Directors;

• Matthew Stumpf, our Chief Financial Officer;

• Katie Jansen, our Chief Marketing Officer*;

• Vasily Shikin, our Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”); and

• Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate
Secretary.

*Ms. Jansen ceased to be an executive officer in November 2024 and
resigned as our Chief Marketing Officer in March 2025.
                                                                   
  Executive Summary                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Business Context                                                 
                                                                   
At AppLovin, our mission is clear: we drive incremental revenue for
advertisers.

Our advertising solutions sit at the intersection of scale,
automation, and intelligence. We built these solutions to enable
businesses—across verticals—to reach and grow their audiences
globally and to deliver performance, not promises. Advertisers
spend with us when our technology meets their return-on-investment
goals. That alignment drives their success and ours.

Our advertising solutions include AppDiscovery, MAX, Adjust, and
Wurl. AppDiscovery, powered by AXON, our proprietary AI engine,
delivers speed and scale in user acquisition. MAX optimizes
monetization for publisher inventory through its in-app bidding
technology which drives competition and higher returns. Adjust
provides the attribution and analytics infrastructure advertisers
rely on to scale. Wurl provides a suite of connected TV tools
including content distribution and advertising and publishing
solutions to attract viewers and maximize revenue.

We’ve built this business on foundational advantages: a culture of
innovation, a lean operating model, and a product that sells
itself. Our engineering team, guided by a clear vision and
disciplined execution, has built an industry-leading technology
that has continued to grow through a combination of reinforcement
learning and directed model enhancements.

2024 marked a pivotal chapter for us. We expanded beyond our roots
in mobile gaming, entering new verticals like e-commerce with
strong early results and even stronger conviction to deliver the
most sophisticated AI powered advertising solutions. At the same
time, we sharpened our focus, leading to the announcement in 2025
of our intent to divest our Apps business—an asset that played a
critical role in training our earliest models.

We’ve intentionally built a small, high-impact team and, our
cultural advantage is a key driver of our performance. We don’t
scale through headcount—we scale through automation, efficiency,
and product excellence. That strategy is working. In 2024, we
achieved record revenue, profitability, and cash flow, delivering
significant growth for our stockholders, partners and employees and
we strive to continue this in the long term by building the most
effective and scalable advertising solutions in our industry.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation362025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  2024 Financial Overview                                          
                                                                   
Our 2024 financial highlights include the following (1)(2) :
                                                                   
  $4.7 billion          $1.6 billion Net      $2.7 billion         
  Revenue               Income                Adjusted EBITDA      
                        A net margin of                            
  An increase of 43%    34% compared to a     An increase of 81%,  
  from the prior        net income of $357    and Adjusted EBITDA  
  year.                 million and a net     margin of 58%.       
                        margin of 11%.                             
  $2.1 billion Cash     $3.2 billion          $1.5 billion Apps    
  Flow                  Advertising           Revenue              
                        Revenue                                    
  We generated $2.1                                                
  billion of net        An increase of 75%    An increase of 3%    
  cash                  while Segment         while Segment        
  from operating        Adjusted EBITDA       Adjusted EBITDA      
  activities and        increased 91% to      increased 22% to     
  $2.1                  $2.4 billion, a       $277 million, a 19%  
  billion of Free       76% margin.           margin.              
  Cash Flow(2).                                                    
                                                                   
1. All comparisons are against 2023.

2. Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, and Free Cash Flow are
non-GAAP measures. Please see Appendix A.
                                                                   
  Compensation Philosophy                                          
                                                                   
At AppLovin, we operate with a lean, highly efficient team. This
strategy requires us to attract and retain top-tier leaders—people
who thrive in a high-performance environment and can drive long-
term value creation for our stockholders. Our compensation approach
is aligned with this strategy and rewards exceptional long-term
outcomes, ensuring our executive team is directly aligned with
stockholder interests.

We emphasize equity : We believe this fosters an entrepreneurial
mindset—one that prioritizes long-term value creation over short-
term gains, ensuring alignment with stockholders.

We run lean : Maximizing staffing efficiency allows us to provide a
high-reward structure for those who deliver outsized impact. We
believe the strategic leadership of our CEO, CTO, and the remainder
of our executive team is critical to our future growth, and our
Compensation Committee regularly evaluates how best to incentivize
and retain these key leaders.

We focus on stockholder alignment : Our Compensation Committee
regularly evaluates aggregate compensation cost, executive pay,
equity burn rate, and dilution. We review against peers and
industry disruptors to ensure our pay programs provide substantial
long-term value to stockholders while allowing us to attract,
retain, and motivate the best talent.

Simply put—our compensation model is built to reward performance,
reinforce our lean, high-impact culture, and ensure every leader is
invested alongside our stockholders in AppLovin’s sustained
success.
                                                                   
  Executive Compensation Policies and Practices                    
                                                                   
We endeavor to maintain compensation policies and practices that
are consistent with sound governance standards. We believe it is
important to provide competitive compensation packages and a high-
quality work environment in order to hire, retain, and incentivize
critical talent. We seek to ensure that our executive compensation
program is consistent with our short-term and long-term goals given
the nature of the market in which we compete for key talent. We
believe our executive compensation plan being heavily weighted to
equity-based compensation, rather than cash compensation, provides
attractive and competitive compensation to our executives as well
as aligns them with our stockholders. The following policies and
practices were in effect during 2024:

• No Special Benefits . The members of our executive team are
eligible to participate in broad-based company-sponsored
retirement, health, and welfare benefits programs on the same basis
as our other full-time, salaried employees, and we provide no
special benefits to them.

• No “Golden Parachute” Tax Reimbursements . We do not provide any
tax reimbursement payments (including “gross-ups”) on any tax
liability that our executive officers might owe as a result of the
application of Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation372025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
• Hedging and Pledging Restrictions . Our Insider Trading Policy
prohibits our employees, including our executive officers and the
members of our Board of Directors, from hedging any company
securities and from pledging more than 10% of any company
securities as collateral for a loan.

• Peer Data Reviewed . Our Compensation Committee works with an
independent compensation consultant to complete an annual
assessment of the Company’s executive compensation programs
relative to peer companies. Our Compensation Committee considers
this information along with the Company’s long and short-term goals
to determine if any changes are needed to the Company’s executive
compensation.

• Compensation Committee Driven Executive Compensation Program .
Although the input of the management team with respect to
compensation matters is important and is considered, our
Compensation Committee, which is comprised entirely of independent
directors, drives the design of compensation programs for our
executives based on their judgment supported by the advice of their
independent compensation consultant. To ensure full visibility and
alignment, our CEO’s compensation is recommended by the
Compensation Committee, with final approval subject to a vote of
the full Board of Directors (excluding Mr. Foroughi).

• Compensation Recovery Policy . If we are required to prepare an
accounting restatement due to our material noncompliance with
financial reporting requirements, our Compensation Recovery Policy
requires us to clawback from covered officers any incentive-based
compensation received by them on or after October 2, 2023 and
during the applicable covered period that was in excess of what
they would have received had their incentive compensation been
determined based on the restated amounts.

• Equity Ownership Guidelines . Our Equity Ownership Guidelines
further align the interests of our executive officers and non-
employee directors with the interests of our stockholders by
requiring executive officers and non-employee directors to
accumulate and hold equity with an aggregate value as specified in
the Equity Ownership Guidelines.
                                                                   
  Our Compensation-Setting Process                                 
                                                                   
For 2024, our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee, in
consultation with its independent compensation consultant, reviewed
our executive compensation program and related policies and
practices. In determining the compensation of our NEOs for 2024,
our Compensation Committee considered the Company’s overall
strategic business plan and needs with respect to providing
incentives and retention to the talent critical to meeting our
strategic business plan, as well as a number of factors including,
but not limited to:

• market data and analysis conducted by the Compensation
Committee’s independent compensation consultant, Semler Brossy,
related to the Company’s existing and proposed compensation program
design as compared to compensation structures that include base
salary, cash bonuses, equity, and other compensation;

• peer group data for each NEO role at similar companies in our
industry or with whom we compete for talent and of similar market
cap, profitability, size, and compensation philosophies to ensure
our compensation programs are competitive;

• design recommendations made directly to the Compensation
Committee by our independent compensation consultant with respect
to our executive and director compensation programs;

• the retentive value, burn rate and stock-based compensation
expense impact of our executive compensation programs and awards
under such programs, as well as internal pay equity relative to the
future impact of such awards on the Company’s business, performance
and equity value;

• input from our NEOs on past individual performance and expected
future performance of our CEO and other NEOs, although our CEO
abstains from discussions with the Compensation Committee and Board
of Directors regarding his personal compensation;

• current salary levels and the vesting status of prior equity
awards of each NEO and the value of existing vested and unvested
equity holdings of each NEO, as well as, the time since the last
equity grant to each NEO and the criticality of each NEO to our
future business success;

• in-year earnings from prior equity awards, including the 2023 PSU
award that was fully earned in 2024 upon achievement which created
over $35 billion in market capitalization from PSU grant date;

• feedback from our non-employee directors both on the Compensation
Committee and our full Board of Directors, during executive
sessions and other discussions held without our NEOs; and

• the Company’s performance and current business context.

The Compensation Committee is responsible for reviewing and
approving the compensation for our NEOs. In the case of our CEO,
while the Committee evaluates the CEO’s performance and recommends
compensation decisions, final approval of CEO compensation rests
with the full Board of Directors, excluding the CEO. This process
ensures that compensation decisions for the CEO reflect the input
and oversight of all independent members of the Board.
                                                                   
  Use of Independent Compensation Consultant                       
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee has authority to appoint and retain a
compensation consultant. The fees for services rendered by the
compensation consultant are paid by the Company. For 2024
compensation decisions, our Compensation Committee engaged Semler
Brossy as its independent compensation consultant to advise on
executive compensation matters including: overall compensation
program design, peer group development and updates, and collecting
market data to inform our compensation programs for our executives
and members of our Board of Directors. We develop our compensation
programs after reviewing publicly available compensation data
relevant to our business, industry and companies with whom we
compete for talent. Semler Brossy advised the Compensation
Committee on all of the principal aspects of executive and director
compensation for 2024. Semler Brossy attends meetings of the
Compensation Committee when requested to do so and reports directly
to our Compensation Committee and not to management, although it
meets with management for purposes of gathering information for its
analyses and recommendations. In addition to attending meetings of
the Compensation Committee, they also meet informally with
Committee members upon request. Our Compensation Committee has
assessed the independence of Semler Brossy consistent with Nasdaq
corporate governance rules and has concluded that its engagement
with Semler Brossy does not raise any conflict of interest.
                                                                   
  Use of a Peer Group                                              
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee approves a peer group of companies as a
reference group to provide a broad perspective on competitive pay
levels and practices. The peers are reviewed on an annual basis in
light of the fast-moving changes at AppLovin and in our industry.
We undertake this review with the assistance and recommendations of
the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant.

In August 2023, the Compensation Committee approved a peer group
for use in making 2024 compensation decisions. The Compensation
Committee used the following criteria in determining the
appropriate peer companies:

• Industry / Sector – publicly-traded technology companies, with a
focus on digital media platforms and secondary focus on internet
and software;
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
  –                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  $500 million to $1 billion;                                      
                                                                   
• Market Capitalization – between $10 billion and $90 billion; and

• Talent Competitors – technology companies with whom we compete
for talent.

Based on these criteria and considerations, our peer group for
compensation analyses and decisions made between

August 2023 through April 2024, as approved by our Compensation
Committee, consisted of the following peer

group companies:
                                                                   
  ANSYS, Inc.           Informatica Inc.      The Trade Desk,      
                                              Inc.                 
  CrowdStrike           MongoDB, Inc.         Twilio Inc.          
  Holdings, Inc.                                                   
  DocuSign, Inc.        Okta, Inc.            UiPath, Inc.         
  Dropbox, Inc.         Roblox Corporation    Unity Software Inc.  
                                              Zoom Video           
  Elastic N.V.          Splunk, inc.          Communications,      
                                              Inc.                 
  HubSpot, Inc.                                                    
                                                                   
In April 2024, the Compensation Committee reviewed the peer
criteria and used the following in determining the appropriate peer
group companies:

• Industry / Sector – publicly-traded technology companies, with a
focus on digital media platforms and secondary focus on internet
and software;
                                                                   
  •                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Revenue                                                          
                                                                   
                                                                   
  –                                                                
                                                                   
                                                                   
  greater than $1 billion;                                         
                                                                   
• Market Capitalization – greater than $15 billion; and

• Talent Competitors – technology companies with whom we compete
for talent and have a similar headcount and compensation
philosophy.

The Compensation Committee also considered the volatility in
AppLovin’s and other technology companies’ market capitalization
and how these fluctuations should be considered moving forward.
After weighing these various factors, the Compensation Committee
approved the following peer group companies for compensation
discussions.
                                                                   
  ANSYS, Inc.           Informatica Inc.      The Trade Desk,      
                                              Inc.                 
  Atlassian             MongoDB, Inc.         Twilio Inc.          
  Corporation                                                      
  CrowdStrike           Okta, Inc.            UiPath, Inc.         
  Holdings, Inc.                                                   
  Datadog, Inc.         Palantir              Unity Software Inc.  
                        Technology Inc.                            
                                              Zoom Video           
  Elastic N.V.          Roblox Corporation    Communications,      
                                              Inc.                 
  HubSpot, Inc.         Snowflake Inc.                             
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee considers competitive compensation data
from an annual total compensation study of peer executives at the
selected peer companies, coupled with relevant survey sources,
including peer group proxy data, AON Radford surveys, and Mercer
surveys, to inform its decisions about overall compensation
opportunities and specific compensation elements. The Committee
also uses information from our compensation peer group as an
additional data point when considering executive pay packages. That
said, our compensation decisions are not benchmarked to peer
companies but are made holistically based on the consideration of
many factors, including, but not limited to, individual and company
performance, market data, internal pay equity, experience, and
strategic needs.
                                                                   
  Compensation Decisions                                           
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee made the following decisions about NEO
compensation in 2024.

• Maintain consistent base salary levels across all NEO roles with
no increase; see “Elements of Executive Pay and 2024 Compensation—
Base Salary” below.

• Provide one-year, time-vested RSU awards as set forth in the
table under “Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024” on page 45 .
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation382025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
• Continue to deliver all variable pay in the form of equity
compensation, i.e., no annual cash bonus program, to ensure
alignment of our NEOs with the interests of our stockholders.

The Compensation Committee approved RSU award amounts for non-CEO
Named Executives and recommended RSU award amounts for our CEO to
the Board of Directors.

The Compensation Committee reviewed rigorous analyses and had
multiple in-depth discussions to ensure that these compensation
actions continued to support and reward the significant impact and
growth for our stockholders we intend to deliver.

These discussions were conducted by the Compensation Committee in
executive session, with its independent advisor Semler Brossy
without management present, and (except in regard to CEO pay) with
the CEO.

The Compensation Committee considered the various factors set forth
above in “Our Compensation-Setting Process.”

The Compensation Committee and Board of Directors believe their
decisions are appropriate in light of outstanding 2024 performance
by AppLovin and the NEOs’ and the returns delivered to
stockholders.
                                                                   
  Elements of Executive Pay and 2024 Compensation                  
                                                                   
Our executive compensation program for 2024 consisted of the
following principal compensation elements:

• base salary; and

• long-term incentive compensation in the form of equity
incentives.

We are committed to providing appropriate cash and equity
incentives to compensate our NEOs in a manner that our Board of
Directors and Compensation Committee determine is reasonable and
appropriate to hire, incentivize, and retain key talent.
                                                                   
  Base Salary                                                      
                                                                   
Base salary is a customary, fixed element of compensation intended
to retain our NEOs and compensate them for their day-to-day
efforts. Base salaries are reviewed periodically, including at the
time of a promotion or other change in responsibilities. We believe
equity compensation is a more important motivator to our senior
executives and therefore the base salaries are generally consistent
and capped at $400,000.

The following table sets forth the 2024 base salary for each of our
NEOs, which were unchanged for those who were NEOs in 2023:
                                           
  Name                   2024 Base Salary  
                                      ($)  
  Adam Foroughi                   400,000  
  Matthew Stumpf                  400,000  
  Katie Jansen                    400,000  
  Vasily Shikin                   400,000  
  Victoria Valenzuela             400,000  
                                           
                                                                   
  Equity Compensation                                              
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Annual Equity Grants                                             
                                                                   
Consistent with our compensation objectives, we believe that equity
awards balance the interests of our executive team and our
stockholders, ensure our ability to attract and motivate our top
talent, and foster an entrepreneurial culture that drives
efficiency and alignment with stockholder interests. In 2024, our
Compensation Committee, together with its independent compensation
consultant, engaged in a market review of the total compensation of
our named executive officers to consider new annual equity
compensation for our NEOs taking into account existing,
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation392025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
vested and unvested equity and considering that we do not have an
executive cash bonus program. To provide retention and incentive
opportunities to our NEOs, in November 2024, the Company issued
one-year RSU grants to Messrs. Foroughi, Stumpf, and Shikin, and
Ms. Valenzuela to ensure their equity holdings and compensation
were generally aligned with levels of compensation paid to
executives in our peer group and other technology companies that
recently went public.

We intend to grant annual equity awards in November of the year
prior to the service year the grant is intended to cover. These
grants are designed to be competitive with comparable roles in the
technology sector and reflective of company and individual
performance, leadership contribution, and criticality of the role
in our Company. Our annual RSU awards vest over one-year from the
date of grant. We believe this annual grant cycle is appropriate,
especially given we do not have an annual cash bonus plan, and that
rewarding contributions and participation in the form of future
awards motivates our leaders to be self-starters and think like
owners. We further determined that RSU grants vesting over, rather
than larger grants intended to vest over multiple years, were
appropriate considering the uncertain economic environment because
this structure provides us with greater ability to deliver intended
value during the period after grant.

Earned Performance-Based Equity Grant Tranches from 2023

Our Performance-Based Equity (PSU) Program was designed as a multi-
year incentive plan, aligning key executive’s compensation with
long-term stockholder value. As a result of exceptional Company
performance, AppLovin’s stock price exceeded every hurdle outlined
in the 2023 Performance-Based Equity Grant—each sustained for 30
consecutive trading days. In total, our 2023 PSU Program was earned
completely because we delivered a total market capitalization
increase of more than $35 billion since the PSU grant date.

As a result, all tranches of PSUs under the program were fully
earned in less than 18 months, far ahead of the original five-year
performance period which reinforces the significant impact our CEO
and CTO have had on the growth of our business. Although the
performance-based equity awards were achieved in less than 18
months, they include a one-year holding period (or in the case of
our CEO, a minimum share holding requirement), ensuring that the
multi-year design remained intact and aligned with the long-term
interests of the Company and its stockholders. In light of this
significant value delivery, for 2024, our Compensation Committee
opted to grant our CEO and CTO smaller, time-based awards to
continue incentivizing performance while maintaining a focus on
long-term value creation.
                                                                   
  Benefits                                                         
                                                                   
Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in the
same benefits programs offered to all employees. We maintain a tax-
qualified 401(k) retirement plan that provides eligible U.S.
employees with an opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-
advantaged basis, subject to limitations established by the tax
laws. The Company matches 100% of the first 1% of employee
contributions and up to 50% on the next 5% of employee
contributions, up to a maximum of 3.5% of the employee’s annual
income. Our Company match is fully vested as of each contribution
date. The 401(k) plan is intended to be qualified under Code
Section 401(a) with the 401(k) plan’s related trust intended to be
tax exempt under Code Section 501(a). As a tax-qualified retirement
plan, contributions to the 401(k) plan and earnings on those
contributions are not taxable to the employees until distributed
from the 401(k) plan. Our named executive officers are permitted to
participate in the same health and welfare plans as other U.S.
employees, including medical, dental, and vision plans, as well as
our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”).
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation402025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Other Compensation Information                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Accounting Considerations                                        
                                                                   
We take financial reporting implications into consideration in
designing compensation plans and arrangements for the members of
our executive team, other employees and members of our Board of
Directors. These accounting considerations include the recognition
of stock-based compensation expense under Financial Accounting
Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (“ASC
Topic 718”), which governs the accounting treatment of stock-based
compensation awards. Part of our Compensation Committee and Board
of Director’s analysis of equity compensation awards is the
aggregate financial accounting expense and timing of when that
expense would be recognized, both on a stand-alone basis and in
connection with other stock-based compensation.
                                                                   
  Tax Considerations                                               
                                                                   
We do not provide any of our named executive officers with a gross-
up or other reimbursement for tax amounts the individual might pay
pursuant to Code Sections 280G, 4999, or 409A. Code Sections 280G
and 4999 provide that named executive officers, directors who hold
significant stockholder interests and certain other service
providers could be subject to significant additional taxes if they
receive payments or benefits in connection with a change in control
of our Company that exceeds certain limits, and that we or our
successor could lose a deduction on the amounts subject to the
additional tax. Code Section 409A also imposes significant taxes on
the individual in the event that an executive officer, director, or
other service provider receives “deferred compensation” that does
not meet the requirements of Code Section 409A.

Under Code Section 162(m), the deductibility of executive
compensation is limited to $1 million per year for the CEO and
certain of our current and former highly compensated executive
officers (collectively “covered employees”). While we cannot
predict how the deductibility limit may impact our compensation
program in future years, we intend to maintain an approach to
executive compensation that strongly links pay to performance. In
addition, although we have not adopted a formal policy regarding
tax deductibility of compensation paid to our NEOs, the Board of
Directors may consider tax deductibility under Code Section 162(m)
as a factor in its compensation decisions.
                                                                   
  Hedging and Pledging Policies                                    
                                                                   
We have established an Insider Trading Policy, which, among other
things, prohibits short sales, engaging in transactions in
publicly-traded options (such as puts and calls), and other
derivative securities relating to our common stock. This
prohibition extends to any hedging or similar transaction designed
to decrease the risks associated with holding our securities.
Transactions involving a broad-based index or a broad-based fund
that include Company securities in addition to securities of other
companies, including, for example, transactions involving exchange
funds pursuant to which an insider divests Company securities, are
not considered hedging transactions under our policy. In addition,
our named executive officers are prohibited from holding any of our
securities in a margin account and from pledging more than 10% of
the outstanding Class A common stock (or Class B common stock
convertible into Class A common stock) held by such individual as
collateral for a loan.
                                                                   
  Disclosure of Option Award Policies and Practices                
                                                                   
We have not granted stock options or other similar types of awards
as part of our equity compensation programs for our employees since
our initial public offering. Under our Director Compensation
Policy, the type of equity award to be granted to a non-employee
director for such director’s Initial Award, Annual Award, or in
lieu of cash compensation to be paid for board service will be
elected in advance at the discretion of the non-employee
directorand may consist entirely of RSUs or non-qualified stock
options. We require such elections to be made during an open
trading window under our Insider Trading Policy and at a time when
such non-employee director does not possess material nonpublic
information about us. Such awards are granted automatically on the
first trading date on or after an individual becomes a non-employee
director or on the date of our annual meeting in accordance with
our Director Compensation Policy. Because these grants are
automatic, our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee do not
take material nonpublic information into account when determining
the timingof such awards.These grants apply to non-employee
directors only and do not relate to executive compensation. RSUs,
PSUs, or other types of equity awards that we grant to directors,
officers, and employees do not include an exercise price.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation412025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Employment Arrangements                                          
                                                                   
We have entered into employment letters with each of our executive
officers. Each of these arrangements was approved by the
Compensation Committee or our Board of Directors.

In filling each of our executive positions, our Board of Directors
or the Compensation Committee, as applicable, recognized that we
would need to develop competitive compensation packages to attract
qualified nominees in a dynamic labor market. At the same time, our
Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee were sensitive to
the need to integrate new executive officers into the executive
compensation structure, balancing both competitive and internal
equity considerations.

Each of our employment arrangements provides for “at will”
employment (meaning that either we or the executive officer may
terminate the employment relationship at any time with or without
cause) and sets forth the initial compensation arrangements for the
executive officer, including an initial base salary, participation
in our employee benefit programs, an equity award recommendation,
and, in some cases, sign-on bonuses and reimbursement or payment of
relocation expenses. These employment arrangements also prohibit
the executive officer from engaging directly or indirectly in
competition with us during their employment, diverting our
customers to a competitor, or disclosing our confidential
information or business practices, and recruiting or soliciting any
of our employees for a period after their employment.

Our NEOs have also entered into change in control and severance
agreements with the Company. These post-employment compensation
terms are discussed in “Post-Employment Compensation” below.
                                                                   
  Post-Employment Compensation                                     
                                                                   
Each of our NEOs participates in our Executive Change in Control
and Severance Plan (the “Executive Severance Plan”) which provides
these individuals with certain protection in the event of their
termination of employment under specified circumstances, including
following a change in control of the Company. Our Executive
Severance Plan was developed with input from our independent
compensation consultant at the time, Radford (Aon plc), regarding
severance practices at comparable companies. The Executive
Severance Plan is designed to attract, retain, and reward senior
level employees. The Executive Severance Plan generally is in lieu
of any other severance payments and benefits to which such key
employee may have been entitled to prior to signing their
participation agreement.

The payments and benefits provided under our Executive Severance
Plan are described in the “Potential Payments on Termination or
Change of Control” section on page 48.

We believe that these protections were necessary to induce these
individuals to accept a demanding position with the Company and
help retain them. These arrangements provide reasonable
compensation to an executive officer if they leave our employ under
certain circumstances to facilitate transition to new employment.
Further, in some instances, we seek to mitigate any potential
employer liability and avoid future disputes or litigation by
requiring a departing executive officer to sign a separation and
release agreement as a condition to receiving post-employment
compensation payments or benefits. We also believe that these
arrangements help maintain our executive officers continued focus
and dedication to their assigned duties to maximize stockholder
value if there is a potential transaction that could involve a
change in control of the Company. The terms and conditions were
approved by our Board of Directors after an analysis of competitive
market data provided by our independent compensation consultant.
                                                                   
  Compensation Risk Assessment                                     
                                                                   
We have undertaken a risk review of our employee compensation plans
and arrangements in which our employees (including our executive
officers) participate, to determine whether these plans and
arrangements have any features that might create undue risks or
encourage unnecessary and excessive risk-taking that could threaten
stockholder value. In our review, we considered numerous factors
and design elements that manage and mitigate risk, and based on our
review, we concluded that any potential risks arising from our
employee compensation programs, including our executive programs,
are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
Company.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation422025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Compensation Committee Report                                    
                                                                   
The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with
management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis provided above.
Based on such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement and the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024.

Respectfully submitted by the members of the Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors for fiscal year 2024,
                                                                   
  Craig Billings (Ch                                               
                                                                   
                                                                   
  air)                                                             
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Barbara Messing                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Todd Morgenfeld                                                  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation432025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2024                  
                                                                   
The amounts below represent the compensation awarded to, earned by,
or paid to our named executive officers for the years shown.
                                                                   
  …                                  S…          A…                
  …          Y…          S…    B…    A…          O…         T…     
  …                      (…    (…    (…          C…         (…     
  …                                              (…                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …          2…          4…     —    1…          1…         1…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
       2…          4…     —    8…          1…          …           
       2…          1…     —     —          4…          …           
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …          2…          4…     —    6…          1…         7…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …          2…          4…     —     —          4…             …  
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
       2…          4…     —    8…          1…          …           
       2…          4…     —     —          9…          …           
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …          2…          4…     —    5…          1…         5…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
       2…          4…     —    6…          1…          …           
       2…          4…     —     —          1…          …           
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …          2…          4…     —    5…          1…         5…     
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
  …                                                                
       2…          4…     —    1…          1…          …           
       2…          4…     —     —          1…          …           
                                                                   
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received, and
there can be no assurance that these amounts will ever be realized.
Instead, the amount shown is the grant date fair value of the
awards granted in each year computed in accordance with ASC Topic
718 — Compensation — Stock Compensation (“ASC Topic 718”),
disregarding forfeiture assumptions. The grant date fair value of
the RSU awards was calculated based on the closing price per share
of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. The grant date
fair value of PSU awards with market conditions that were granted
in 2023 was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation pricing
model. This requires the input of assumptions, including the
expected stock volatility, the risk-free interest rate, the
expected dividend yield, and the discount for post-vesting
restrictions, as applicable. Information regarding the assumptions
used to estimate the fair value of such PSU awards is set forth in
Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31,
2023.

2. The reported amount of all other compensation for Mr. Foroughi
consists of two components: (i) an $1,800 work-from-home cash
stipend paid to all employees, including Mr. Foroughi, and (ii)
$11,844 in connection with 401(k) Company matching.

3. The reported amount of all other compensation for Mr. Stumpf
consists of two components: (i) an $1,800 work-from-home cash
stipend paid to all employees, including Mr. Stumpf, and (ii)
$13,384 in connection with 401(k) Company matching.

4. The reported amount of all other compensation for Ms. Jansen
consists of three components: (i) an $1,800 work-from-home cash
stipend paid to all employees, including Ms. Jansen, (ii) $10,872
in connection with 401(k) Company matching, and (iii) $30,000
attributable to the Company’s payment of a required filing fee
incurred by Ms. Jansen under the HSR Act which was approved by the
Board of Directors.

5. The reported amount of all other compensation for Mr. Shikin
consists of three components: (i) an $1,800 work-from-home cash
stipend paid to all employees, including Mr. Shikin, (ii) $13,875
in connection with 401(k) Company matching, and (iii) $105,000
attributable to the Company’s payment of a required filing fee
incurred by Mr. Shikin under the HSR Act which was approved by the
Board of Directors.

6. The reported amount of all other compensation for Ms. Valenzuela
consists of two components: (i) an $1,800 work-from-home cash
stipend paid to all employees, including Ms. Valenzuela, and (ii)
$13,875 in connection with 401(k) Company matching.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation442025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2024                              
                                                                   
The following table sets forth information relating to plan-based
awards that were granted to our named executive officers during the
year ended December 31, 2024.
                                                                   
                                              All           Grant  
                        Estima…               Other          Date  
                        Future                Stock          Fair  
                        Payouts               Awards:       Value  
  Name      Grant       Under                 Number           of  
            Date        Equity                of            Stock  
                        Incent…               Shares          and  
                        Plan                  of Stock     Option  
                        Awards                or          Awards…  
                                              Units(1)             
  Thres…    Target      Maximum                                    
  (#)       -#          -#              -#    -$                   
  Adam      11/04/2…    —          —    —     67,805(…    10,788…  
  Forou…                                                           
  Matth…    10/30/2…    —          —    —     40,683(…    6,983,…  
  Stumpf                                                           
  Katie                 —          —    —     —                 —  
  Jansen                                                           
  Vasily    11/04/2…    —          —    —     33,902(…    5,394,…  
  Shikin                                                           
  Victo…    10/30/2…    —          —    —     32,207(…    5,528,…  
  Valen…                                                           
                                                                   
1. The amounts shown reflect the RSUs granted to the NEOs under the
Company’s 2021 Plan in 2024. Subject to the NEO’s continued role as
a service provider to us, 1/4 th of the total RSUs shall vest on
February 20, 2025 and 1/4 th of the RSUs shall vest quarterly
thereafter.

2. Amounts reported represent the grant date fair value of RSUs
calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The grant date
fair value of RSU awards was calculated based on the closing price
per share of our Class A common stock on the date of grant.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation452025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024 Year-End                       
                                                                   
The following table sets forth information relating to outstanding
equity awards held by our named executive officers as of December
31, 2024.
                                                                   
  Na…    Gra…           Opt…                          Sto…         
         Date           Awa…                          Awa…         
                                               Ma…                 
                                       Num…    va…                 
                                         of    of                  
         Num…    Nu…                   Sha…    Sh…                 
         of      of     Opt…             or    or                  
         Sha…    Sh…    Exe…    Op…    Uni…    Un…                 
         Und…    Un…    Pri…    Ex…      of    of                  
         Une…    Un…    ($)…    Da…    Sto…    St…                 
         Opt…    Op…                   that    th…                 
         Exe…    Un…                   have    ha…                 
                                        not    not                 
                                       ves…    ve…                 
                                               ($…                 
  Ad…    11/…           —       —         —    —      67,…    21…  
  Fo…                                                              
  Ma…    05/…           —       —         —    —      12,…    4,…  
  St…                                                              
  08…            —      —       —         —    4,…    1,3…         
  10…            —      —       —         —    40…    13,…         
  Ka…    11/…           54,…    —      19.…    11…       —      —  
  Ja…                                                              
  05…            —      —       —         —    37…    12,…         
  Va…    12/…           560…    —      5.05    12…       —      —  
  Sh…                                                              
  05…            —      —       —         —    12…    40,…         
  11…            —      —       —         —    33…    10,…         
  Vi…    05/…           —       —         —    —      25,…    8,…  
  Va…                                                              
  10…            —      —       —         —    32…    10,…         
                                                                   
1. This column represents the option exercise price per share of
our Class A common stock on the grant date, as determined by our
Board of Directors.

2. The closing price of our Class A common stock on December 31,
2024 was $323.83.

3. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting
conditions are satisfied, subject to the NEOs continued role as a
service provider to us, as to 1/4 th of the total shares on
February 20, 2025 with 1/4 th of the total shares vesting quarterly
thereafter.

4. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting
conditions are satisfied, subject to the NEOs continued role as a
service provider to us, as to 2/5ths of the total shares on
November 20, 2022 with 1/20 th of the total shares vesting
quarterly thereafter.

5. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting
conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr. Stumpf’s continued role as
a service provider to us, as to 1/16 th of the total shares on
August 20, 2022 with 1/16 th of the total shares vesting quarterly
thereafter.

6. This option is fully vested.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation462025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2024                        
                                                                   
The following table shows the stock awards vested, and value
realized upon vesting, by our named executive officers during
fiscal 2024.
                                                                   
  Na…    Opt…                                 Sto…                 
         Awa…                                 Awa…                 
  Nu…                  Val…            Nu…            Va…          
  of                   Rea…            of             Re…          
  Sh…                  on              Sh…            on           
  Ac…                  Exe…            Ac…            Ve…          
  on                   ($)             on             ($)          
  Ex…                                  Ve…                         
  Ad…       —                     —           6,4…           577…  
  Fo…                                                              
  Ma…          4,6…            272…           283…           32,…  
  St…                                                              
  Ka…    20,…                  6,2…           110…           15,…  
  Ja…                                                              
  Va…       —                     —           6,4…           576…  
  Sh…                                                              
  Vi…    187…                  18,…           155…           21,…  
  Va…                                                              
                                                                   
1. Values are based on the market price of our Class A common stock
on the date of exercise less the option exercise price paid for the
shares, multiplied by the number of shares for which the option was
exercised.

2. Values are based on the market price of our Class A common stock
on the vesting date, multiplied by the number of shares vested.

3. Mr. Foroughi’s value reflects the vesting of performance stock
units (PSUs) valued at $493,672,452 on the date of vesting and the
vesting of restricted stock units (RSUs) valued at $83,840,552 on
the date of vesting, both as discussed above in the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Pay and 2024
Compensation—Equity Compensation—Equity Performance Based Equity
Grant Tranches from 2023.

4. Mr. Stumpf’s value reflects the vesting of PSUs valued at
$12,341,811 on the date of vesting and the vesting of RSUs valued
at $20,129,067 on the date of vesting, both as discussed above in
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Pay
and 2024 Compensation—Equity Compensation—Equity Performance Based
Equity Grant Tranches from 2023.

5. Mr. Shikin’s value reflects the vesting of PSUs value at
$493,672,452 on the date of vesting and the vesting of RSUs valued
at $83,142,949 on the date of vesting, both as discussed above in
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Pay
and 2024 Compensation—Equity Compensation—Equity Performance Based
Equity Grant Tranches from 2023.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation472025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Potential Payments on Termination or Change in Control
                                                                   
  Change in Control and Severance Agreements                       
                                                                   
In March 2021, our Board of Directors adopted an Executive Change
in Control and Severance Plan (the “Executive Severance Plan”)
pursuant to which our executive officers and certain other key
employees are eligible to receive severance benefits, as specified
in and subject to the employee signing a participation agreement
under our Executive Severance Plan. This Executive Severance Plan
was developed with input from our independent compensation
consultant at the time, Radford (Aon plc), regarding severance
practices at comparable companies. The Executive Severance Plan is
designed to attract, retain, and reward senior level employees. The
Executive Severance Plan generally is in lieu of any other
severance payments and benefits to which such key employee was
entitled prior to signing the participation agreement, except as
specifically provided under that employee’s participation agreement
under the Executive Severance Plan.

Our Board of Directors has designated each of our executive
officers as a participant under our Executive Severance Plan
eligible for the rights to the applicable payments and benefits
described below.

In the event of a “termination” of the employment of a named
executive officer by us for a reason other than “cause” or the
named executive officer’s death or “disability” (as such terms are
defined in our Executive Severance Plan), that occurs outside the
change in control period (as described below), the named executive
officer will be entitled to the following payments and benefits:

• a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named executive
officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months in the case of Mr.
Foroughi; and

• reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health
coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985
as amended (“COBRA”) for a period of 12 months, or 18 months in the
case of Mr. Foroughi.

In the event of a “termination” of the employment by us for a
reason other than “cause” or the named executive officer’s death or
“disability” or by the named executive officer for “good reason”
(as such terms are defined in our Executive Severance Plan), in
either case, occurring within a period beginning 3 months prior to
and ending 12 months following a “change in control” (as defined in
our Executive Severance Plan) (such period, the change in control
period), the named executive officer will be entitled to the
following payments and benefits:

• a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named executive
officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months in the case of Mr.
Foroughi;

• reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for a period of 18 months, 24 months in the
case of Mr. Foroughi; and

• 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards, and,
with respect to equity awards with performance-based vesting, all
performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved
at 100% of target levels for the relevant performance period(s).

The receipt of the payments and benefits provided for under the
Executive Severance Plan described above is conditioned on the
named executive officer signing and not revoking a separation and
release of claims agreement and such release becoming effective and
irrevocable no later than the 60th day following the named
executive officer’s involuntary termination of employment, as well
as compliance with certain non-disparagement provisions and
continued compliance with any confidentiality, proprietary
information, and inventions agreement applicable to the named
executive officer.

If any of the payments or benefits provided for under the Executive
Severance Plan or otherwise payable to a named executive officer
would constitute “parachute payments” within the meaning of Section
280G of the Code and could be subject to the related excise tax,
the named executive officer will receive either full payment of
such payments and benefits or such lesser amount that would result
in no portion of the payments and benefits being subject to the
excise tax, whichever results in the greater amount of after-tax
benefits to them. Except as discussed above, the Executive
Severance Plan does not require us to provide any tax gross-up
payments to the named executive officers.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation482025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Amount of Payments Upon Termination at 2024 Year-End

The following tables sets forth the potential payments that would
have been provided to each of our named executive officers under
each of the circumstances specified below if his or her employment
with us was terminated without “cause”, resignation for “good
reason” or due to death or disability (as each is defined in their
equity grant awards) during fiscal year 2024.
                                                                   
               Terminati…                                          
               Outside of                                          
                Change in                                          
                  Control                                          
               Period ($)                                          
                                            Accelerat…             
                   Annual          COBRA    of Vesting             
  Name               Base    Premiums(2)    of              Total  
                Salary(1)                   Equity                 
                                            Awards                 
  Adam            600,000         53,976    —             653,976  
  Foroughi                                                         
  Matthew         400,000         36,714    —             436,714  
  Stumpf                                                           
  Katie           400,000         35,984    —             435,984  
  Jansen                                                           
  Vasily          400,000         26,299    —             426,299  
  Shikin                                                           
  Victoria        400,000         35,984    —             435,984  
  Valenzue…                                                        
                                                                   
1. Based on a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named
executive officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months in the case of
Mr. Foroughi.

2. Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for a period of 12 months, or 18 months in the
case of Mr. Foroughi. Amounts in the table are based on estimated
premium cost of continued health coverage under COBRA for the 12 or
18 months beginning January 2025.
                                                                   
               Terminati…                                          
                   within                                          
                Change in                                          
                  Control                                          
               Period ($)                                          
                                          Accelerat…               
                   Annual        COBRA    of Vesting               
  Name               Base    Premiums…            of        Total  
                Salary(1)                     Equity               
                                           Awards(3)               
  Adam            800,000       71,969    21,957,293    22,829,2…  
  Foroughi                                                         
  Matthew         600,000       55,072    18,618,606    19,273,6…  
  Stumpf                                                           
  Katie           600,000       53,976    12,143,625    12,797,6…  
  Jansen                                                           
  Vasily          600,000       39,448    51,457,235    52,096,6…  
  Shikin                                                           
  Victoria        600,000       53,976    18,525,343    19,179,3…  
  Valenzue…                                                        
                                                                   
1. Based on a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named
executive officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months in the case of
Mr. Foroughi.

2. Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for a period of 18 months, 24 months in the
case of Mr. Foroughi. Amounts in the table are based on estimated
premium cost of continued health coverage under COBRA for the 18 or
24 months beginning January 2025.

3. Based on 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity
awards.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation492025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Pay Versus Performance                                           
                                                                   
Under rules adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act (“PvP Rules”),
we are required to disclose certain information about the
relationship between the compensation actually paid to our named
executive officers and certain measures of company performance. The
material that follows is provided in compliance with the PvP Rules.
Since our executive compensation is heavily tied to the value of
our stock price, large appreciation, such as the 713% increase
throughout 2024, directly increase compensation actually paid.
Specifically, the compensation actually paid in 2023 and 2024 was
influenced by the 2023 PSU grants, as their vesting is solely tied
to stock price performance over a five-year performance window. Due
to the strong stock performance in 2023 and 2024, the 2023 PSU
grants fully vested in less than 18 months of the grant. Such PSU
grants were not awarded to our named executive officers in 2024.
Additional information regarding our compensation philosophy, the
structure of our performance-based compensation programs, and
compensation decisions made this year is described above in our
“Compensation Discussion and Analysis”.

The following table provides information regarding compensation
actually paid to our principal executive officer (“PEO”), and other
named executive officers (“non-PEO NEOs”) for each year from 2021
to 2024, compared to our total shareholder return (“TSR”) and an
index of peer companies from April 15, 2021 through the end of each
such year and our net income for each such year. April 15, 2021 is
the first day our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Stock
Exchange.
                                                                   
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                         …                                         
                  …      …                                         
                  …      …                                         
                  …      …                                         
                  …      …                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
           $             …        $      $      $      $      $    
           $             …        $      $      $      $      $    
           $             …        $      $      $      $      $    
           $             …        $      $      $      $      $    
                                                                   
1. NEOs included in these columns reflect the following
individuals:
                                                                   
  Year    PEO              Non-PEO NEO’s                           
  2024    Adam Foroughi    Matthew Stumpf, Katie Jansen, Vasily    
                           Shikin, Victoria Valenzuela             
  2023    Adam Foroughi    Herald Chen, Katie Jansen, Vasily       
                           Shikin, Victoria Valenzuela             
  2022    Adam Foroughi    Herald Chen, Katie Jansen, Vasily       
                           Shikin, Victoria Valenzuela             
  2021    Adam Foroughi    Herald Chen, Katie Jansen, Vasily       
                           Shikin, Victoria Valenzuela             
                                                                   
2. This figure is the total compensation paid to our PEO in each
listed year as shown in our Summary Compensation Table for such
listed year.

3. This figure is the compensation actually paid for our PEO and
non-PEO NEOs in each listed year. Compensation actually paid does
not mean that our PEO and non-PEO NEOs were actually paid those
amounts in the listed year or will ever be paid these amounts, but
this is a dollar amount derived by starting with the Summary
Compensation Table total compensation and then applying certain
adjustments pursuant PvP Rules. To calculate compensation actually
paid for 2023 and 2024, the following amounts were deducted from
and added to the total compensation number shown in the Summary
Compensation Table:
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation502025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
                                            Average                
                                                For                
                                            Non-PEO                
                   PEO                         NEOs                
                  2024          2023           2024          2023  
                   ($)           ($)            ($)           ($)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Summa…                                                           
  Compe…    $  11,202…    $  83,361…    $  4,924,9…    $  22,760…  
  Table                                                            
  Total                                                            
  Subtr…                                                           
  Grant                                                            
  Date                                                             
  Fair                                                             
  Value                                                            
  of                                                               
  Option                                                           
  Awards    $  10,788…    $  82,949…    $  4,476,4…    $  22,348…  
  and                                                              
  Stock                                                            
  Awards                                                           
  Grant…                                                           
  in                                                               
  Fiscal                                                           
  Year(…                                                           
  Add                                                              
  Fair                                                             
  Value                                                            
  at                                                               
  Fiscal                                                           
  Year-…                                                           
  of                                                               
  Outst…                                                           
  and                                                              
  Unves…    $  21,957…    $  213,93…    $  8,645,6…    $  47,662…  
  Option                                                           
  Awards                                                           
  and                                                              
  Stock                                                            
  Awards                                                           
  Grant…                                                           
  in                                                               
  Fiscal                                                           
  Year(…                                                           
  Adjust                                                           
  for                                                              
  Change                                                           
  in                                                               
  Fair                                                             
  Value                                                            
  of                                                               
  Outst…                                                           
  and                                                              
  Unves…    $        —    $        —    $  14,505,…    $  3,460,…  
  Option                                                           
  Awards                                                           
  and                                                              
  Stock                                                            
  Awards                                                           
  Grant…                                                           
  in                                                               
  Prior                                                            
  Fiscal                                                           
  Years…                                                           
  Adjust                                                           
  for                                                              
  Fair                                                             
  Value                                                            
  at                                                               
  Vesti…                                                           
  of                                                               
  Option                                                           
  Awards                                                           
  and                                                              
  Stock     $        —    $  72,546…    $         —    $  22,295…  
  Awards                                                           
  Grant…                                                           
  in                                                               
  Fiscal                                                           
  Year                                                             
  That                                                             
  Vested                                                           
  During                                                           
  Fiscal                                                           
  Year(…                                                           
  Adjust                                                           
  for                                                              
  Change                                                           
  in                                                               
  Fair                                                             
  Value                                                            
  as of                                                            
  Vesti…                                                           
  Date                                                             
  of                                                               
  Option                                                           
  Awards                                                           
  and                                                              
  Stock                                                            
  Awards    $  363,58…    $        —    $  101,162…    $  6,089,…  
  Grant…                                                           
  in                                                               
  Prior                                                            
  Fiscal                                                           
  Years                                                            
  For                                                              
  Which                                                            
  Appli…                                                           
  Vesti…                                                           
  Condi…                                                           
  Were                                                             
  Satis…                                                           
  During                                                           
  Fiscal                                                           
  Year(…                                                           
  Subtr…                                                           
  Fair                                                             
  Value                                                            
  as of                                                            
  Prior                                                            
  Fiscal                                                           
  Year-…                                                           
  of                                                               
  Option                                                           
  Awards                                                           
  and                                                              
  Stock                                                            
  Awards                                                           
  Grant…    $        —    $        —    $         —    $        —  
  in                                                               
  Prior                                                            
  Fiscal                                                           
  Years                                                            
  That                                                             
  Failed                                                           
  to                                                               
  Meet                                                             
  Appli…                                                           
  Vesti…                                                           
  Condi…                                                           
  During                                                           
  Fiscal                                                           
  Year(…                                                           
  Add                                                              
  Value                                                            
  of                                                               
  Divid…                                                           
  or                                                               
  other                                                            
  Earni…                                                           
  Paid                                                             
  on                                                               
  Stock                                                            
  or        $        —    $        —    $         —    $        —  
  Option                                                           
  Awards                                                           
  not                                                              
  Other…                                                           
  Refle…                                                           
  in                                                               
  Fair                                                             
  Value                                                            
  or                                                               
  Total                                                            
  Compe…                                                           
  Compe…                                                           
  Actua…    $  385,95…    $  286,88…    $  124,761…    $  79,920…  
  Paid                                                             
                                                                   
a. For purposes of the above adjustments, the fair value of equity
awards on the applicable date were determined in accordance with
FASB’s ASC Topic 718, using valuation methodologies that are
generally consistent with those used to determine the grant-date
fair value for accounting purposes. The amounts reflect the
aggregate grant-date fair value reported in the “Stock Awards” and
“Option Awards” columns in the Summary Compensation Table for the
applicable year.

b. The values for 2023 have been updated from those presented in
the 2023 Proxy Statement to correct the inadvertent exclusion of
the November 2023 grants to the named executive officers in 2023.
As a result, the compensation actually paid for 2023 for our PEO
and non-PEO NEOs have been updated accordingly.

c. The table below contains ranges of assumptions used in the
valuation of outstanding equity awards for the relevant fiscal
year(s). For more information, please see the notes to our
financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and the
footnotes to the Summary Compensation Table of this proxy
statement.
                                                      
                                                2024  
  Performance Share Units                             
  Stock Price                       $68.86 - $129.08  
  Volatility                         56.42% - 61.89%  
  Risk-Free Interest Rate              3.74% - 4.91%  
  Stock Options                                       
  Expected Term              2.08 years – 2.93 years  
  Volatility                         60.48% - 68.40%  
  Dividend Yield                                  —%  
  Risk-Free Interest Rate              3.46% - 4.82%  
                                                      
4. Total shareholder return is calculated by assuming that a $100
investment was made based on the closing stock price on the IPO
date of April 15, 2021 and reinvesting all dividends until the last
day of each reported fiscal year.
5. The peer group used is the S&P 500 Index Information Technology
Index, as used in our Stock Performance Graph in Form 10-K. Total
shareholder return is calculated by assuming that a $100 investment
was made based on the closing stock price on the IPO date of April
15, 2021 and reinvesting all dividends until the last day of each
reported fiscal year.
6. The dollar amounts reported are AppLovin’s net income reflected
in AppLovin’s audited financial statements.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation512025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
7. The performance share units granted to the PEO and non-PEO NEOs
are based on the minimum closing stock price over a thirty
consecutive trading date period meeting or exceeding specified
stock price hurdles during a five-year performance period. AppLovin
does not utilize any other financial performance measures, as
defined under SEC rules, in its executive compensation programs,
and as such has determined to use the 30 trading day trailing
minimum closing stock price of our common stock as of the end of
each fiscal year (the “Stock Price”), as the most important
financial performance measure used by us to link compensation
actually paid to our PEO and non-PEO NEOs for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024 to our performance.
                                                                   
  Performance Measures                                             
                                                                   
Since stock price is the primary measure that links compensation
actually paid to performance, we list stock priceas our singular
measure for fiscal year 2024, see our “Compensation Philosophy” on
page 37.

Description of Relationships Between Compensation Actually Paid and
Performance

Below is a description, in a manner compliant with the PvP Rules,
of the relationship between Compensation Actually Paid and the
individual performance measures shown.
Compensation Actually Paid (CAP) Versus TSR
Our total shareholder return, based on a $100 investment in
AppLovin on its IPO date of April 15, 2021, was $144.57 as of the
end of 2021, $16.15 as of the end of 2022, $61.12 as of the end of
2023, and $496.67 at the end of 2024. These indexed investment
returns translate into annual total shareholder return rates of
44.57%, -83.85%, -38.88%, and 396.67% in each of 2021, 2022, 2023,
and 2024. CEO CAP amounts were $104,346, $104,355, $286,889,079,
and $385,953,293 in each of 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024,
respectively. Similarly, our other NEO CAP amounts as averaged were
$46,809,649, -$74,612,715, $79,920,602, and $124,761,691 in 2021,
2022, 2023, and 2024 respectively. As a result, the trajectory of
our CAP values and total shareholder return are directionally
aligned over the timeframe that the table covers because our total
shareholder return increased and decreased year-to-year in
accordance with increases and decreases in CAP.
Compensation Actually Paid Versus Net Income
Our GAAP net income was $35.3 million in 2021, -$192.9 million in
2022, $356.7 million in 2023, and $1,580 million in 2024. CEO CAP
amounts were $104,346, $104,355, $286,889,079, and $385,953,293 in
each of 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. Similarly, our
other NEO CAP amounts as averaged were $46,809,649, -$74,612,715,
$79,920,602, and $124,761,691 in 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024
respectively. As a result, the trajectory of our CAP values and
GAAP net income are directionally aligned over the timeframe that
the table covers.
Compensation Actually Paid Versus Stock Price
Our Company-selected measure, stock price, was $65.20 at the close
of our first trading date on April 15, 2021. Our stock price was
$83.75 as of 2021, $9.30 as of 2022, $36.26 as of 2023, and $298.00
as of 2024, determined as the 30 trading day trailing minimum
closing stock price of our common stock as of the end of each
fiscal year. These translate into price changes of 28.45%, -88.90%,
289.89%, and 721.84% in each of 2021 (from the closing price on our
first trading date through the 30 day trailing minimum closing
stock price as of year-end), 2022, 2023, and 2024. CEO CAP amounts
were $104,346, $104,355, $286,889,079, and $385,953,293 in each of
2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. Our other NEO CAP amounts
as averaged were $46,809,649, -$74,612,715, $79,920,602, and
$124,761,691 in 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024, respectively. As a
result, the trajectory of our CAP values and stock price are
directionally aligned over the timeframe that the table covers
because our stock price increased and decreased year-to-year in
accordance with increases and decreases in CAP.
AppLovin’s TSR Versus Peer Group TSR
Our total stockholder return, based on a $100 investment in
AppLovin on its IPO date of April 15, 2021, was $144.57 as of the
end of 2021, $16.15 as of the end of 2022, $61.12 as of the end of
2023, and $496.67 at the end of 2024. The total stockholder return
for the peer group, based on a $100 investment in S&P 500 Index
Information Technology Index on April 15, 2021, was $122.08 as of
the end of 2021, $87.66 as of the end of 2022, $138.37 as of the
end of 2023, and $189.02 at the end of 2024. For the total
stockholder returns, AppLovin underperforms its peer group in 2022
and 2023 by $71.51 and $77.25, respectively, and outperforms its
peer group in 2021 and 2024 by $22.49 and $307.65, respectively.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation522025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
  CEO Pay Ratio                                                    
                                                                   
Under rules adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010,
AppLovin is required to calculate and disclose the total
compensation paid to its median paid employee, as well as the ratio
of the total compensation paid to the median employee as compared
to the total compensation paid to the CEO of AppLovin. The
paragraphs that follow describe our methodology and the resulting
CEO pay ratio.
                                                                   
  Measurement Date and Population Considered                       
                                                                   
We identified the median employee using our employee population on
December 31, 2024.

AppLovin is a global company that employs over 1,500 people with
employees in 17 countries.

Consistently Applied Compensation Measure (“CACM”)

Under the applicable rules, we were required to identify the median
employee by use of a “consistently applied compensation measure,”
or CACM. We chose a CACM that closely approximates the annual total
direct compensation of our employees. Specifically, we identified
the median employee by looking at annual base pay only. We
converted earnings paid in local currency to U.S. dollars by
applying the exchange rate applicable on December 31, 2024. We have
annualized the compensation paid to partial-year employees and
employees on an unpaid leave of absence, as permitted by applicable
SEC regulations. In addition, we did not utilize any cost-of-living
adjustment as permitted by applicable SEC regulations.
                                                                   
  Methodology and Pay Ratio                                        
                                                                   
After applying our CACM methodology and excluding the employees
listed above, we identified the median employee. Once the median
employee was identified, we calculated the median employee’s total
annual compensation in accordance with the requirements of the
Summary Compensation Table on page 44.

Although our median employee’s compensation was calculated using
Summary Compensation Table requirements, this employee is located
in Germany, holds a generalist position and was not eligible for
equity, which resulted in only his total cash compensation of
$98,555 being included. Our CEO’s compensation as reported in the
Summary Compensation Table was $11,202,098. Therefore, our CEO to
median employee pay ratio is 114:1 . As a result of our
performance-based equity program, this was an exceptional year for
equity grants for our CEO for the reasons discussed above; and if
you were to assess the pay ratio based only on total cash
compensation, the pay ratio would have been 4.1:1.

This information is being provided for compliance purposes. Neither
the Compensation Committee nor management of the Company used the
pay ratio measure in making compensation decisions.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation532025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table summarizes our equity compensation plan
information as of December 31, 2024. Information is included for
equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders. We do not
have any equity compensation plans not approved by our
stockholders.
                                                                   
                                                    Number of      
                                                    Securities     
                      Number of                     Remaining      
                     Securities    Weighted-Ave…    Available for  
                   to be Issued    Exercise         Future         
                           Upon    Price of         Issuance       
  Plan              Exercise of    Outstanding      Under Equity   
  Category          Outstanding    Options,         Compensation   
                       Options,    Warrants, and    Plans          
                  Warrants, and    Rights           (Excluding     
                         Rights                     Securities     
                                                    Reflected in   
                                                    the First      
                                                    Column)        
  Equity                                                           
  compensation                                                     
  plans               6,390,000    6.30(2)          88,056,549(3)  
  approved by                                                      
  security                                                         
  holders(1)                                                       
                                                                   
1. Includes the 2011 Plan, the 2021 Plan, the ESPP and the 2021
Partner Studio Incentive Plan (“2021 Partner Plan”). The 2011 Plan
was terminated for purposes of new grants effective April 2021.

2. RSUs, which do not have an exercise price, are excluded in the
calculation of weighted-average exercise price.

3. As of December 31, 2024, an aggregate of 88,056,549 shares of
Class A common stock were available for issuance under the 2021
Plan, the 2021 Partner Plan, and the ESPP. The 2021 Plan provides
that on the first day of each year beginning on January 1, 2022,
the number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance
thereunder is automatically increased by a number equal to the
least of (i) 39,000,000 shares, (ii) 5% of the outstanding shares
of all classes of our common stock as of the last day of our
immediately preceding fiscal year or (iii) such other amount as our
Board of Directors may determine. The ESPP provides that on the
first day of each year beginning January 1, 2022, the number of
shares of Class A common stock available for issuance thereunder is
automatically increased by a number equal to the least of (i)
7,800,000 shares, (ii) 1% of the outstanding shares of all classes
of our common stock as of the last day of our immediately preceding
fiscal year or (iii) such other amount as our Board of Directors
may determine. On January 1, 2025, the number of shares of Class A
common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and the
ESPP increased by 17,002,087 shares and 3,400,417 shares,
respectively, pursuant to these provisions. These changes are not
reflected in the table above.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation542025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to
the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2025
for:

• each of our named executive officers;

• each of our directors;

• all of our current directors and executive officers as a group;
and

• each person or group known by us to be the beneficial owner of
more than 5% of our Class A or Class B common stock.

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the
rules of the SEC, and thus it represents sole or shared voting or
investment power with respect to our securities. Unless otherwise
indicated below, to our knowledge, the persons and entities named
in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with
respect to all shares that they beneficially owned, subject to
community property laws where applicable.

We have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial
ownership on 307,673,018 shares of our Class A common stock,
30,688,541 shares of our Class B common stock, and no shares of our
Class C common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2025. We have
deemed shares of our common stock subject to stock options that are
currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 31,
2025 or issuable pursuant to RSUs which are subject to vesting and
settlement conditions expected to occur within 60 days of March 31,
2025, to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person
holding the stock option or RSU for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of that person.

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner
listed in the table below is c/o AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. The information provided in
the table below is based on our records, information filed with the
SEC and information provided to us, except where otherwise noted.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation552025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
              Amount                                      Percent  
                 and                                           of  
              Nature                                        Total  
                  of                                       Voting  
             Benefi…                                        Power  
             Owners…                                          (%)  
             Class A                   Class B                     
              Shares                    Shares                     
  Name of                                                          
  Benefi…         -#             %          -#       %             
  Owner                                                            
  Named                                                            
  Execut…                                                          
  Office…                                                          
  and                                                              
  Direct…                                                          
  Adam       2,835,…             *    27,936,…      91       60.9  
  Foroug…                                                          
  Matthew    177,923             *           —       —          *  
  Stumpf…                                                          
  Katie      815,371             *           —       —          *  
  Jansen…                                                          
  Vasily     3,943,…           1.3           —       —          *  
  Shikin…                                                          
  Victor…    335,885             *           —       —          *  
  Valenz…                                                          
  Craig       18,537             *           —       —          *  
  Billin…                                                          
  Herald     811,209             *    2,397,6…     7.4        5.1  
  Chen(7)                                                          
  Margar…    186,978             *           —       —          *  
  Georgi…                                                          
  Alyssa                                                           
  Harvey              3,745      *           —       —          *  
  Dawson                                                           
  Barbara             3,252      *           —       —          *  
  Messin…                                                          
  Todd                5,917      *           —       —          *  
  Morgen…                                                          
  Edward                  —      —           —       —          —  
  Oberwa…                                                          
  Eduardo    7,420,…           2.4           —       —          *  
  Vivas(…                                                          
  Maynard    147,886             *           —       —          *  
  Webb(1…                                                          
  All                                                              
  current                                                          
  direct…                                                          
  and                                                              
  execut…    15,890…           5.2    30,334,…    93.7       65.1  
  office…                                                          
  as a                                                             
  group                                                            
  (13                                                              
  person…                                                          
  Shares                                                           
  subject                                                          
  to the     3,646,…           1.2    32,368,…     100       68.2  
  Voting                                                           
  Agreem…                                                          
  Greater                                                          
  than 5%                                                          
  stockh…                                                          
  Angel                                                            
  Pride      17,244…           5.6           —       —        1.9  
  Holdin…                                                          
  Limite…                                                          
  BlackR…    16,722…           5.4           —       —        1.8  
  Inc.(1…                                                          
  The                                                              
  Vangua…    16,617…           5.4           —       —        1.8  
  Group(…                                                          
                                                                   
* Represents beneficial ownership or voting power of less than 1%.

1. Consists of (i) 2,818,638 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Foroughi, (ii) 27,936,907 shares of Class B common stock held
by Mr. Foroughi, and (iii) 16,952 shares of Class A common stock
subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2025.
Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Chen (collectively, with certain affiliates,
the “Voting Agreement Parties"), have entered into the Voting
Agreement, pursuant to which all Class B common stock held by the
Voting Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities
and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by Mr.
Foroughi and Mr. Chen.

2. Consists of (i) 163,908 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Stumpf, and (ii) 14,015 shares of Class A common stock subject
to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2025.

3. Consists of (i) 799,910 shares of Class A common stock held by
Ms. Jansen, (ii) 6,086 shares of Class A common stock held by The
Jansen Family Trust, for which Ms. Jansen serves as trustee, and
(iii) 9,375 shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs
scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2025.

4. Consists of (i) 3,343,715 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Shikin, (ii) 560,400 shares of Class A common stock subject to
stock options held by Mr. Shikin that are exercisable within 60
days of March 31, 2025, and (iii) 39,725 shares of Class A common
stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31,
2025.

5. Consists of (i) 321,583 shares of Class A common stock held by
Ms. Valenzuela, and (ii) 14,302 shares of Class A common stock
subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2025.

6. Consists of 18,537 shares of Class A common stock subject to
stock options held by Mr. Billings that are exercisable within 60
days of March 31, 2025.

7. Consists of (i) 421,209 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Chen, (ii) 190,000 shares of Class A common stock held by The
Chen Family 2012 Irrevocable Trust, Herald Y. & Mei K. Chen as
Trustees (The Chen Family Trust), for which Mr. Chen and his spouse
serve as trustees, (iii) 200,000 shares of Class A common stock
held by The 2023 High Street CRAT, for which Mr. Chen and his
spouse serve as trustees, (iv) 717,467 shares of Class B common
stock held by Mr. Chen, and (v) 1,680,201 shares of Class B common
stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Chen that are
exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2025 (after giving effect
to the Equity Exchange Right Agreement).
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation562025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into the Voting
Agreement, pursuant to which all Class B common stock held by the
Voting Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities
and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by Mr.
Foroughi and Mr. Chen.

8. Consists of (i) 32,478 shares of Class A common stock held by
Ms. Georgiadis and (ii) 154,500 shares of Class A common stock held
by Blue Sage Partners, LLC, for which Ms. Georgiadis and her spouse
share voting and dispositive power.

9. Consists of (i) 2,683 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.
Messing, and (ii) 569 shares of Class A common stock subject to
RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2025.

10. Consists of (i) 5,084 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Morgenfeld and (ii) 833 shares of Class A common stock subject
to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2025.

11. Consists of (i) 7,404,585.249 shares of Class A common stock
held by Mr. Vivas and (ii) 15,537 shares of Class A common stock
subject to stock options held by Mr. Vivas that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2025.

12. Consists of 147,886 shares of Class A common stock held by Webb
Investment Network, for which Mr. Webb and his spouse share voting
and dispositive power.

13. Consists of (i) 15,210,014.249 shares of Class A common stock
held by our executive officers and directors, (ii) 28,654,374
shares of Class B common stock held by our executive officers and
directors (iii) 680,870 shares of Class A common stock subject to
stock options, and RSUs held by our executive officers and
directors that are exercisable or scheduled to vest within 60 days
of March 31, 2025, (iv) 1,680,201 shares of Class A common stock
subject to stock options held by Mr. Chen that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2025 (which may be exchanged for shares
of Class B common stock, and are reported in the table above as
such, pursuant to the Equity Exchange Right Agreement).

14. Consists of (i) 3,629,847 shares of Class A common stock held
by the Voting Agreement Parties, (ii) 30,688,541 shares of Class B
common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties, (iii) 16,952
shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest
within 60 days of March 31, 2025, and (iv) 1,680,201 shares of
Class A common stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Chen that
are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2025 (which may be
exchanged for shares of Class B common stock, and are reported in
the table above as such, pursuant to the Equity Exchange Right
Agreement).

15. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January
30, 2025, reporting shared voting power and shared dispositive
power with respect to 17,244,541 shares of Class A common stock by
Angel Pride Holdings Limited (“Angel Pride”) and Prominence Trust
Limited (“Prominence Trust”). These shares are held of record by
Angel Pride, of which Prominence Trust is the sole shareholder.
Prominence Trust may be deemed to share beneficial ownership over
such shares. The principal business address for Angel Pride is
Vistra Corporate Services Centre, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town,
Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands. The principal business
address for Prominence Trust is 18/F, Three Exchange Square 8
Connaught Road, Central, Hong Kong.

16. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on April
17, 2025, reporting sole voting power with respect to 15,384,876
shares of Class A common stock and sole dispositive power with
respect to 16,722,404 shares of Class A common stock. The address
for BlackRock, Inc. is 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001.

17. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January
30, 2025, reporting shared voting power with respect to 181,090
shares of Class A common stock, sole dispositive power with respect
to 16,009,016 shares of Class A common stock and shared dispositive
power with respect to 608,123 shares of Class A common stock. The
address for The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA
19355.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation572025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Certain Relationships, Related Party, and Other Transactions
                                                                   
   Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions         
                                                                   
Our Audit Committee has the primary responsibility for reviewing
and approving or disapproving “related party transactions,” which
are transactions between the Company and related persons in which
the aggregate amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed
$120,000 and in which a related person has or will have a direct or
indirect material interest. Our policy regarding transactions
between us and related persons provides that a related person is
defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for director or
greater than 5% beneficial owner of any class of our voting
securities, in each case since the beginning of the most recently
completed year, and any of their immediate family members. Our
Audit Committee charter provides that our Audit Committee shall
review and approve all related party transactions.

Under this policy, our Audit Committee will review the material
facts of all related party transactions and either approve, ratify
or disapprove of the entry into the transaction. In determining
whether to approve or ratify any such proposal, our Audit Committee
will take into account, among other factors it deems appropriate,
whether the transaction would affect the independence of any
director, any conflict of interest with any of our executive
officers, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable
than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party, and
the extent of the related person’s interest in the transaction. The
policy grants standing pre-approval of certain transactions,
including (i) executive compensation governed by our standard
compensation and benefits policies, (ii) director compensation
arrangements governed by our standard director compensation
policies, (iii) transactions with another company at which a
related person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than an
executive officer), director, or beneficial owner of less than 10%
equity interest of that company, (iv) charitable contributions,
grants, or endowments by us to a charitable organization,
foundation, or university where the related person’s only
relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer),
or director, if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the
lesser of $1,000,000 or 2% of the charitable organization’s total
annual receipts, (v) any transaction available to all U.S.
employees generally, (vi) transactions where a related person’s
interest arises solely from the ownership of our common stock and
all holders of our common stock received the same benefit on a pro
rata basis, and (vii) other transactions where disclosure of such
transaction would not be required pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K. In addition to our policy, our Audit Committee
charter provides that our Audit Committee shall review and oversee
any related person transactions.
                                                                   
  Related Person Transactions                                      
                                                                   
We describe below transactions and series of similar transactions,
since the beginning of our last fiscal year, to which we were a
participant or will be a participant, in which:

• the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000; and

• any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers
or beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our
outstanding capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or
person sharing the household with, any of these individuals or
entities, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.
                                                                   
  Investors’ Rights Agreement                                      
                                                                   
We are party to an Investor Rights Agreement, pursuant to which
Adam Foroughi,our CEO, Co-Founder and Chairperson of our Board of
Directors, and an entity affiliated with him, have the right to
demand that we file a registration statement or request that their
shares of our capital stock be covered by a registration statement
that we are otherwise filing.
                                                                   
  Director Nominations Agreement                                   
                                                                   
We previously entered into a Director Nominations Agreement with
KKR Denali. Under this agreement, KKR Denali had the right to
nominate one designee to our Board of Directors as long as KKR
Denali and its affiliates collectively
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation582025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
beneficially owned at least 25% of the shares of the Class B common
stock that KKR Denali held immediately prior to our initial public
offering (the “Nomination Threshold”). Additionally, for so long as
KKR Denali and its affiliates collectively beneficially owned at
least 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, one of the
independent director nominees nominated by the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee for nomination to our Board of
Directors was subject to the approval of KKR Denali (the
“Independent Approval Threshold”). In 2024, KKR Denali ceased to
satisfy the Nomination Threshold and the Independent Approval
Threshold, and the Director Nominations Agreement has terminated.
                                                                   
  Credit Agreement                                                 
                                                                   
In December 2024, the Company issued $3.6 billion in aggregate
principal amount of senior notes and concurrently entered into the
2024 Credit Agreement, establishing a $1.0 billion revolving credit
facility. The 2024 Credit Agreement replaced the existing credit
agreement, originally entered into in August 2018 and subsequently
amended multiple times (the “2018 Credit Agreement”). KKR Capital
Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR Denali, served as a joint lead
arranger and joint bookrunner for the 2018 Credit Agreement. In
2024 the Company paid fees of $0.1 million to KKR Capital Markets
LLC in connection with an amendment to the 2018 Credit Agreement.
Additionally, KKR Corporate Lending (CA) LLC, an affiliate of KKR
Denali, provided revolving credit commitments totaling $15.0
million under the 2018 Credit Agreement. The 2018 Credit Agreement
was terminated in December 2024.
                                                                   
  Promissory Notes                                                 
                                                                   
On March 8, 2019, we entered into a promissory note with Rafael
Vivas, the brother of Eduardo Vivas, a member of our Board of
Directors, for the purpose of advancing him funds to allow him to
early exercise his stock options (“Vivas Note”). The Vivas Note was
issue in the amount of $2,273,400 at an interest rate of 2.59%, and
later amended on August 7, 2020 to lower the interest rate on the
outstanding balance of such note to the then applicable IRS annual
mid-term rate of 0.41%. On March 8, 2024, the principal amount due
under the Vivas Note plus accrued interest, or $2,309,526, was
repaid in full to the Company and the Vivas Note was extinguished.
                                                                   
  Equity Exchange Right Agreement                                  
                                                                   
In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an
Equity Exchange Right Agreement with Herald Chen, pursuant to which
Mr. Chen has a right (but not an obligation), to require us to
exchange any shares of Class A common stock received upon the
exercise of options to purchase shares of Class A common stock for
an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. This Equity
Exchange Right Agreement applies only to equity awards granted to
Mr. Chen prior to the effectiveness of the filing of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation in connection with our
initial public offering. The Equity Exchange Right Agreement
originally covered options to purchase 2,280,201 shares of Class A
common stock, of which 1,680,201 remain unexercised as of March 31,
2025.
                                                                   
  Stock Repurchase Transactions                                    
                                                                   
On February 29, 2024, we entered into an underwriting agreement
(the “Underwriting Agreement”) with KKR Denali and BofA Securities,
Inc., acting for themselves and as representative of other
underwriters (collectively, the “Underwriters”), in connection with
a secondary public offering (the “Offering”) of 19,866,397 shares
of our Class A common stock by KKR Denali. Pursuant to the
Underwriting Agreement, on March 6, 2024, we repurchased from the
Underwriters 10,466,397 shares of Class A common stock sold to the
Underwriters by KKR Denali in the Offering at a price per share of
$54.46, the same per share price paid by the Underwriters to KKR
Denali in the Offering.

Pursuant to a repurchase agreement dated March 7, 2024, we
repurchased 3,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock from
Midterm Success, which was a greater than 5% stockholder at the
time, in a private transaction at a price per share equal to
$60.74, for a total purchase price of approximately $182 million.
                                                                   
  Other Transactions                                               
                                                                   
On February 14, 2024, we agreed to invest $50 million in the Series
C preferred stock financing of Humans, Inc., the developer of the
Flip Shop social shopping app ("Flip Shop"). The Series C preferred
stock financing was led by an existing investor in Flip Shop. On
March 27, 2024, Flip Shop and Curated, Inc., a company operated and
founded by Eduardo Vivas, a member of our Board of Directors,
merged. On a post-investment basis, we will hold approximately 4.1%
of the fully diluted shares of Flip Shop. On February 14, 2024,
Flip Shop entered into a commercial agreement with us related to
Flip Shop's use of our AXON technology. Mr. Vivas is currently the
Chief Operating Officer of Flip Shop, a member of its board of
directors, and a greater than 5% stockholder in the company.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation592025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Other than as described above, since January 1, 2024, we have not
entered into any transactions, nor are there any currently proposed
transactions, between us and a related party where the amount
involved exceeds, or would exceed, $120,000, and in which any
related person had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest.
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation602025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Other Matters
                                                                   
  Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports                                 
                                                                   
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our executive
officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of our
common stock, file reports of ownership and changes of ownership
with the SEC. Such directors, executive officers, and 10%
stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

SEC regulations require us to identify in this proxy statement
anyone who filed a required report late during the most recent
fiscal year. Based solely on our review of copies of such forms
that we have received, or written representations from reporting
persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended December 31,
2024, all executive officers, directors and greater than 10%
stockholders complied with all applicable SEC filing requirements,
except that one Form 4 report was filed late for each of Mses.
Harvey Dawson and Messing, and Mr. Vivas, in each case with respect
to one transaction, due to administrative error in connection with
restricted stock units issued in connection with their quarterly
director compensation.
                                                                   
  Fiscal Year 2024 Annual Report and SEC Filings                   
                                                                   
Our financial statements for our fiscal year ended December 31,
2024 are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we will
make available to stockholders at the same time as this proxy
statement. This proxy statement and our annual report are posted on
our website at https://investors.applovin.com and are available
from the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. You may also obtain a
copy of our annual report without charge by sending a written
request to AppLovin Corporation, Attention: Corporate Secretary,
1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.

The Board of Directors does not know of any other matters to be
presented at the Annual Meeting. If any additional matters are
properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the persons named in the
enclosed proxy card will have discretion to vote the shares of our
common stock they represent in accordance with their own judgment
on such matters.

It is important that your shares of our common stock be represented
at the Annual Meeting, regardless of the number of shares that you
hold. You are urged to vote by telephone or by using the Internet
as instructed on the enclosed proxy card or execute and return, at
your earliest convenience, the enclosed proxy card in the envelope
that has also been provided.
                                                                   
  THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  Palo Alto, California                                            
                                                                   
                                                                   
  April 22, 2025                                                   
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin Corporation612025 Proxy Statement                       
                                                                   
Appendix A
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities to Free
                             Cash Flow                             
                                                                   
                          (in thousands)                           
                                                                   
The following table provides a reconciliation of net cash provided 
             by operating activities to Free Cash Flow             
                                                                   
                    for the periods presented:                     
                                                                   
                                          Year Ended December 31,  
                                                             2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net cash provided by operating       $                2,099,011  
  activities                                                       
  Less:                                                            
  Purchase of property and                                 -4,776  
  equipment                                                        
  Principal payments on finance                           -20,875  
  leases                                                           
  Free Cash Flow                       $                2,073,360  
  Net cash used in investing           $                 -106,754  
  activities                                                       
  Net cash used in financing           $               -1,749,844  
  activities                                                       
                                                                   
                                                                   
          Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA          
                                                                   
                (in thousands, except percentages)                 
                                                                   
   The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted   
                              EBITDA                               
                                                                   
 margin and a reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA for  
                      the periods presented:                       
                                                                   
                                 Year Ended                        
                               December 31,                        
                                       2023               2024     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue             $           3,283,087       $  4,709,248     
  Net income                        356,711          1,579,776     
  Net Margin                             11  %              34  %  
  Interest expense                                                 
  and loss on         $             275,665       $    318,260     
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other income,                      -7,831            -25,440     
  net                                                              
  Provision for                                                    
  (benefit from)                     23,859             -3,771     
  income                                                           
  taxes                                                            
  Amortization,                                                    
  depreciation and                  489,008            448,680     
  write-offs                                                       
  Loss on disposal                                                 
  of long-lived                           —              1,646     
  assets                                                           
  Non-operating                                                    
  foreign exchange                   -1,224                291     
  (gain)                                                           
  loss                                                             
  Stock-based                       363,107            376,455     
  compensation                                                     
  Acquisition-rel…                                                 
  expense and                         1,047                885     
  transaction                                                      
  bonus                                                            
  Restructuring                       2,316             22,823     
  costs                                                            
  Total               $           1,145,947       $  1,139,829     
  adjustments                                                      
  Adjusted EBITDA     $           1,502,658       $  2,719,605     
  Adjusted EBITDA                        46  %              58  %  
  Margin                                                           
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin CorporationA-12025 Proxy Statement                      
                                                                   
                                                                   
                       AppLovin Corporation                        
                                                                   
 Reconciliation of Segment Adjusted EBITDA to Income Before Taxes  
                                                                   
                (in thousands, except percentages)                 
                                                                   
   The following table provides selected financial data for our    
          reportable segments for the periods indicated:           
                                                                   
                                 Year Ended                        
                               December 31,                        
                                       2023               2024     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue:                                                         
  Advertising         $           1,841,762       $  3,224,058     
  Apps                            1,441,325          1,485,190     
  Total Revenue       $           3,283,087       $  4,709,248     
  Segment Adjusted                                                 
  EBITDA:                                                          
  Advertising         $           1,275,705       $  2,442,597     
  Apps                              226,953            277,008     
  Total Segment       $           1,502,658       $  2,719,605     
  Adjusted EBITDA                                                  
  Interest expense                                                 
  and loss on         $            -275,665       $   -318,260     
  settlement                                                       
  of debt                                                          
  Other income,                       7,831             25,440     
  net                                                              
  Amortization,                                                    
  depreciation and                 -489,008           -448,680     
  write-offs                                                       
  Loss on disposal                                                 
  of long-lived                           —             -1,646     
  assets                                                           
  Non-operating                                                    
  foreign exchange                    1,224               -291     
  gain                                                             
  (loss)                                                           
  Stock-based                      -363,107           -376,455     
  compensation                                                     
  Acquisition-rel…                                                 
  expense and                        -1,047               -885     
  transaction                                                      
  bonus                                                            
  Restructuring                      -2.316            -22.823     
  costs                                                            
  Income before       $             380,570       $  1,576,005     
  income taxes                                                     
  Segment Adjusted                                                 
  EBITDA Margin:                                                   
  Advertising                            69  %              76  %  
  Apps                                   16  %              19  %  
                                                                   
                                                                   
  AppLovin CorporationA-22025 Proxy Statement                      
                                                                   
