                                                                            
                               UNITED STATES                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
                           Washington, D.C. 20549                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                SCHEDULE 14A                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
              PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE              
                                                                            
                                                                            
                      SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                       
                                                                            
Filed by the Registrant ☒

Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐

Check the appropriate box:
                                                                            
  ☐    Preliminary Proxy Statement                                          
  ☐    Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule   
       14a-6(e)(2))                                                         
  ☒    Definitive Proxy Statement                                           
  ☐    Definitive Additional Materials                                      
  ☐    Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12                                
                                                                            
                                                    
  AppLovin Corporation                              
  (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)  
                                                    
Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply):
                                                                            
  ☒    No fee required                                                      
  ☐    Fee paid previously with preliminary materials                       
  ☐    Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per          
       Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11                              
                                                                            
                                                     
  1100 Page Mill Road | Palo Alto, California 94304  
                                                     
                                                                            
  Notice                                                                    
  of                                                                        
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting                                                                   
  of                                                                        
  Stockho…                                                                  
  Dear                                                                      
  Stockho…                                                                  
  of                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
  Corpora…                                                                  
  We                                                                        
  cordial…                                                                  
  invite                                                                    
  you to                                                                    
  attend                                                                    
  the 2023                                                                  
  annual                                                                    
  meeting                                                                   
  of                                                                        
  stockho…                                                                  
  (the                                                                      
  “Annual                                                                   
  Meeting…                                                                  
  of                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
  Corpora…                                                                  
  a                                                                         
  Delaware                                                                  
  corpora…                                                                  
  to be                                                                     
  held on                                                                   
  Wednesd…                                                                  
  June 7,                                                                   
  2023 at                                                                   
  10:00                                                                     
  a.m.                                                                      
  Pacific                                                                   
  Time.                                                                     
  The                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting                                                                   
  will be                                                                   
  conduct…                                                                  
  virtual…                                                                  
  via live                                                                  
  audio                                                                     
  webcast.                                                                  
  You will                                                                  
  be able                                                                   
  to                                                                        
  attend                                                                    
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting                                                                   
  virtual…                                                                  
  by                                                                        
  visitin…                                                                  
  where                                                                     
  you will                                                                  
  be able                                                                   
  to                                                                        
  listen                                                                    
  to the                                                                    
  meeting                                                                   
  live,                                                                     
  submit                                                                    
  questio…                                                                  
  and vote                                                                  
  online.                                                                   
  Whether                                                                   
  or not                                                                    
  you                                                                       
  attend                                                                    
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting,                                                                  
  it is                                                                     
  importa…                                                                  
  that                                                                      
  your                                                                      
  shares                                                                    
  be                                                                        
  represe…                                                                  
  and                                                                       
  voted at                                                                  
  the                                                                       
  meeting.                                                                  
  Therefo…                                                                  
  we urge                                                                   
  you to                                                                    
  promptly                                                                  
  vote and                                                                  
  submit                                                                    
  your                                                                      
  proxy                                                                     
  via the                                                                   
  Interne…                                                                  
  by                                                                        
  telepho…                                                                  
  or by                                                                     
  mail.                                                                     
  We are                                                                    
  holding                                                                   
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting                                                                   
  for the                                                                   
  followi…                                                                  
  purpose…                                                                  
  as more                                                                   
  fully                                                                     
  describ…                                                       Time       
  in the                                                         10:00      
  accompa…                              Date                     a.m.       
  proxy                                 June 7,      MEETING     Pacific    
  stateme…                              2023         DETAILS     Time       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                        Location                            
                                        www.virt…                           
                                        com/APP2…                           
                           YOUR VOTE                                        
                           IS                                               
                           IMPORTANT                                        
                           Whether                                          
                           or not                                           
                           you plan                                         
                           to attend                                        
                           the                                              
                           Annual                                           
                           Meeting,                                         
                           we urge                                          
                           you to                                           
                           submit                                           
                           your vote                                        
                           via the                                          
                           Internet,                                        
                           telephon…                                        
                           or mail                                          
                           as soon                                          
                           as                                               
                           possible                                         
                           to ensure                                        
                           your                                             
                           shares                                           
                           are                                              
                           represen…                                        
                           For                                              
                           addition…                                        
                           instruct…                                        
                           on voting                                        
                           by                                               
                           telephone                                        
                           or the                                           
                           Internet,                                        
                           please                                           
                           refer to                                         
                           your                                             
                           proxy                                            
                           card.                                            
                           Returning                                        
                           the proxy                                        
                           does not                                         
                           deprive                                          
                           you of                                           
                           your                                             
                           right to                                         
                           attend                                           
                           the                                              
                           Annual                                           
                           Meeting                                          
                           and to                                           
                           vote your                                        
                           shares at                                        
                           the                                              
                           Annual                                           
                           Meeting.                                         
  Proposa…                                                                  
              To elect                                                      
              eight                                                         
              directors                                                     
              to serve                                                      
              until the                                                     
              next                                                          
              annual                                                        
              meeting                                                       
  1           of                                                            
              stockhol…                                                     
              and until                                                     
              their                                                         
              successo…                                                     
              are duly                                                      
              elected                                                       
              and                                                           
              qualifie…                                                     
              To ratify                                                     
              the                                                           
              appointm…                                                     
              of                                                            
              Deloitte                                                      
              & Touche                                                      
              LLP as                                                        
              our                                                           
              independ…                                                     
  2           register…                                                     
              public                                                        
              accounti…                                                     
              firm for                                                      
              our                                                           
              fiscal                                                        
              year                                                          
              ending                                                        
              December                                                      
              31, 2023;                                                     
              To                                                            
              approve,                                                      
              on an                                                         
              advisory                                                      
              basis,                                                        
  3           the                                                           
              compensa…                                                     
              of our                                                        
              named                                                         
              executive                                                     
              officers;                                                     
              To                                                            
              recommen…                                                     
              on an                                                         
              advisory                                                      
              basis,                                                        
              the                                                           
              frequency                                                     
              of future                                                     
  4           stockhol…                                                     
              advisory                                                      
              votes on                                                      
              the                                                           
              compensa…                                                     
              of our                                                        
              named                                                         
              executive                                                     
              officers;                                                     
              and                                                           
              To                                                            
              transact                                                      
              such                                                          
              other                                                         
              business                                                      
              as may                                                        
              properly                                                      
              come                                                          
  5           before                                                        
              the                                                           
              Annual                                                        
              Meeting                                                       
              or any                                                        
              adjournm…                                                     
              or                                                            
              postpone…                                                     
              thereof.                                                      
  Our                                                                       
  Board of                                                                  
  Directo…                                                                  
  has                                                                       
  fixed                                                                     
  the                                                                       
  close of                                                                  
  business                                                                  
  on April                                                                  
  10, 2023                                                                  
  as                                                                        
  the                                                                       
  record                                                                    
  date for                                                                  
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting.                                                                  
  Stockho…                                                                  
  of                                                                        
  record                                                                    
  on April                                                                  
  10, 2023                                                                  
  are                                                                       
  entitled                                                                  
  to                                                                        
  notice                                                                    
  of and                                                                    
  to vote                                                                   
  at                                                                        
  the                                                                       
  Annual                                                                    
  Meeting.                                                                  
  Further                                                                   
  informa…                                                                  
  regardi…                                                                  
  voting                                                                    
  rights                                                                    
  and the                                                                   
  matters                                                                   
  to be                                                                     
  voted                                                                     
  upon is                                                                   
  present…                                                                  
  in the                                                                    
  accompa…                                                                  
  proxy                                                                     
  stateme…                                                                  
                                                                            
                                         
  AppLovin    i    2023 Proxy Statement  
                                         
The accompanying proxy statement and our annual report can be accessed by
visiting: www.proxyvote.com . You will be asked to enter the 16-digit
control number located on your proxy card.

This notice and the accompanying proxy statement are being made available to
stockholders on April 25, 2023.

By order of the Board of Directors,
                                                                            
  Adam Foroughi                                                             
                                                                            
Chief Executive Officer, Co-Founder, and Chairperson of the Board

Palo Alto, California

April 25, 2023
                                          
  AppLovin    ii    2023 Proxy Statement  
                                          
Table of Contents
                                                            
  NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING                               i  
  GENERAL INFORMATION                                    1  
  BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE            9  
  Nominees for Director                                 10  
  Director Independence and Controlled Company          14  
  Exemption                                                 
  Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Lead       15  
  Independent Director                                      
  Board Committees                                      16  
  Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings          18  
  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider         18  
  Participation                                             
  Board Evaluations                                     18  
  Voting Structure and Voting Agreement                 18  
  Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees        19  
  Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the    20  
  Board of Directors                                        
  Communications with the Board of Directors            21  
  Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of           21  
  Conduct and Business Ethics                               
  Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process               21  
  Director Compensation                                 22  
  PROPOSAL NO. 1- Election of Directors                 25  
  PROPOSALNO. 2- Ratification of Appointment of         26  
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm             
  AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT                                28  
  PROPOSAL NO. 3- Advisory Vote on the Compensation     29  
  of our Named Executive Officers                           
  PROPOSAL NO. 4 - Advisory Vote on the Frequency of        
  Future Stockholder Advisory Votes on the              31  
  Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers              
  EXECUTIVE OFFICERS                                    32  
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                33  
  Compensation Discussion and Analysis                  33  
                                                            
                                           
  AppLovin    iii    2023 Proxy Statement  
                                           
                                                            
  Executive Summary                                     33  
  Compensation Philosophy                               33  
  Executive Compensation Policies and Practices         34  
  Our Compensation-Setting Process                      35  
  Elements of Executive Pay and2022Compensation         37  
  Other Compensation Information                        40  
  Employment Arrangements                               41  
  Post-Employment Compensation                          42  
  Compensation Committee Report                         42  
  Compensation Risk Assessment                          42  
  Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year2022        43  
  Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table    44  
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2022                   44  
  Outstanding Equity Awards at2022Year-End              44  
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in2022              45  
  Potential Payments on Termination or Change in        46  
  Control                                                   
  Pay Versus Performance                                49  
  CEO Pay Ratio                                         52  
  EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION                  54  
  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS       55  
  AND MANAGEMENT                                            
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED PARTY AND OTHER        58  
  TRANSACTIONS                                              
  OTHER MATTERS                                         61  
                                                            
                                          
  AppLovin    iv    2023 Proxy Statement  
                                          
AppLovin Corporation Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders

General Information

This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy are furnished in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors for
use at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders of AppLovin Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (“we”, “our”, “us”, the “company” or “AppLovin”), and
any postponements, adjournments or continuations thereof.
                                                                            
  Date            Time                       Location                       
  June 7, 2023    10:00 a.m. Pacific Time    www.virtualshareholdermeetin…  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The Annual Meeting will be conducted virtually via live audio webcast. You
will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually by visiting
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2023 , where you will be able to listen
to the meeting live, submit questions and vote online. The Notice of
Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”) containing
instructions on how to access this proxy statement and our annual report is
first being mailed on or about April 25, 2023 to all stockholders entitled
to vote at the Annual Meeting. The proxy materials and our 2022 annual
report can be accessed by following the instructions in the Notice.

The information provided in the “question and answer” format below is for
your convenience only and is merely a summary of the information contained
in this proxy statement. You should read this entire proxy statement
carefully. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our
website is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement and references to our website address in this proxy statement are
inactive textual references only. Our Class A common stock and Class B
common stock are collectively referred to in this proxy statement as our
“common stock.”
                                                                            
  What matters am I voting on?                                              
                                                                            
You are being asked to vote on:

• the election of eight directors to serve until the next annual meeting of
stockholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified;

• a proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending
December 31, 2023;

• a proposal to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named
executive officers;

• a proposal to recommend, on an advisory basis, the frequency of future
stockholder advisory votes on the compensation of our named executive
officers; and

• any other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting.
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    1    AppLovin  
                                         
How does the Board of Directors recommend I vote on these proposals?

Our Board of Directors recommends a vote:

• “FOR” the election of each director nominee named in this proxy statement;

• “FOR” the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending
December 31, 2023; and

• “FOR” the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named
executive officers; and

• To hold future stockholder advisory votes on the compensation of our named
executive officers every “THREE YEARS.”

How many votes are needed for approval of each proposal?
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 1: Each director is elected by a plurality of the votes of the
shares present virtually or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled
to vote on the election of directors at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and
broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. “Plurality”
means that the eight nominees who receive the largest number of votes cast
“For” such nominees are elected as directors. As a result, any shares not
voted “For” a particular nominee (whether as a result of a withhold vote or
a broker non-vote) will not be counted in such nominee’s favor and will have
no effect on the outcome of the election. You may vote “For” or “Withhold”
on each of the nominees for election as a director.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 2: The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP
as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year
ending December 31, 2023, requires the affirmative “For” vote of a majority
of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present virtually or
represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to
be approved. You may vote “For,” “Against,” or “Abstain” with respect to
this proposal. Abstentions are considered shares present and entitled to
vote on this proposal, and thus, will have the same effect as a vote
“Against” this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome
of this proposal.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 3: The approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of
our named executive officers requires the affirmative “For” vote of at least
a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present
virtually or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
thereon to be approved. You may vote “For,” “Against,” or “Abstain” with
respect to this proposal. Abstentions are considered shares present and
entitled to vote on this proposal, and thus, will have the same effect as a
vote “Against” this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the
outcome of this proposal. Because this proposal is an advisory vote, the
result will not be binding on our Board of Directors or our company. Our
Board of Directors and our Compensation Committee will consider the outcome
of the vote when determining named executive officer compensation.
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    2    AppLovin  
                                         
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
Proposal No. 4: To recommend, on an advisory basis, the frequency of future
stockholder advisory votes on the compensation of our named executive
officers, the frequency receiving the highest number of votes cast at the
Annual Meeting by stockholders entitled to vote thereon will be considered
the frequency preferred by the stockholders. If you “Abstain” from voting on
this proposal, it will have no effect on the outcome. Broker non-votes also
will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Because this proposal
is an advisory vote, the result will not be binding on our Board of
Directors or our company. Our Board of Directors and our Compensation
Committee will consider the outcome of the vote when determining how often
we should submit to stockholders an advisory vote to approve the
compensation of our named executive officers.
                                                                            
  Who is entitled to vote?                                                  
                                                                            
Holders of our Class A and Class B common stock as of the close of business
on April 10, 2023, the record date for the Annual Meeting, may vote at the
Annual Meeting. As of the record date, there were 300,103,616 shares of our
Class A common stock outstanding and 71,162,622 shares of our Class B common
stock outstanding. Our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will
vote as a single class on all matters described in this proxy statement for
which your vote is being solicited. Stockholders are not permitted to
cumulate votes with respect to the election of directors. Each share of
Class A common stock is entitled to one (1) vote on each proposal and each
share of Class B common stock is entitled to twenty (20) votes on each
proposal.
                                                                            
  Registered Stockholders.                                                  
                                                                            
If shares of our common stock are registered directly in your name with our
transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are considered the
stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and the Notice was
provided to you directly by us. As the stockholder of record, you have the
right to grant your voting proxy directly to the individuals listed on the
proxy card or to vote live at the Annual Meeting. Throughout this proxy
statement, we refer to these registered stockholders as “stockholders of
record.”
                                                                            
  Street Name Stockholders.                                                 
                                                                            
If shares of our common stock are held on your behalf in a brokerage account
or by a bank or other nominee, you are considered to be the beneficial owner
of shares that are held in “street name,” and the Notice was forwarded to
you by your broker or nominee, who is considered the stockholder of record
with respect to those shares. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to
direct your broker, bank, or other nominee as to how to vote your shares.
Beneficial owners are also invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However,
since a beneficial owner is not the stockholder of record, you may not vote
your shares of our common stock live at the Annual Meeting unless you follow
your broker’s procedures for obtaining a legal proxy. If you request a
printed copy of our proxy materials by mail, your broker, bank, or other
nominee will provide a voting instruction form for you to use. Throughout
this proxy statement, we refer to stockholders who hold their shares through
a broker, bank, or other nominee as “street name stockholders.”

Are a certain number of shares required to be present at the Annual Meeting?

A quorum is the minimum number of shares required to be present at the
Annual Meeting to properly hold an annual meeting of stockholders and
conduct business under our amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law. The
presence, virtually or by proxy, of a majority of the voting power of all
issued and outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the
Annual Meeting will constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions,
withhold votes, and broker non-votes are counted as shares present and
entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum.
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    3    AppLovin  
                                         
                                                                            
  How do I vote?                                                            
                                                                            
If you are a stockholder of record, there are several ways to vote:
                                                                            
  Internet                                                Virtual Meeting   
  Vote by                                                 Vote by           
  Internet prior                                          attending the     
  to the Annual     Phone                                 Annual Meeting    
  Meeting           Vote by                               by                
  atwww.proxyvo…    toll-free          Mail               visitingwww.vir…  
  24 hours a        telephone at       Vote by            shareholdermeet…  
  day, seven        1-800-690-6903,    completing and     .com/APP2023,     
  days a week,      until 11:59        mailing your       where you may     
  until 11:59       p.m. Eastern       proxy card (if     vote and submit   
  p.m. Eastern      Time on June 6,    you received       questions during  
  Time on June      2023 (have your    printed proxy      the meeting       
  6, 2023 (have     Notice or proxy    materials); or     (please have      
  your Notice or    card in hand                          your Notice or    
  proxy card in     when you call);                       proxy card in     
  hand when you                                           hand when you     
  visit the                                               visit the         
  website);                                               website).         
                                                                            
Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we recommend that you also
vote by proxy so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to
attend the Annual Meeting.

If you are a street name stockholder, you will receive voting instructions
from your broker, bank, or other nominee. You must follow the voting
instructions provided by your broker, bank, or other nominee in order to
direct your broker, bank, or other nominee on how to vote your shares.
Street name stockholders should generally be able to vote by returning a
voting instruction form, or by telephone or on the Internet. However, the
availability of telephone and Internet voting will depend on the voting
process of your broker, bank, or other nominee. As discussed above, if you
are a street name stockholder, you may not vote your shares live at the
Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank, or
other nominee.

How may my brokerage firm or other intermediary vote my shares if I fail to
provide timely directions?

Brokerage firms and other intermediaries holding shares of our common stock
in street name for their customers are generally required to vote such
shares in the manner directed by their customers. In the absence of timely
directions, your broker will have discretion to vote your shares on our sole
“routine” matter: the proposal to ratify the appointment of Deloitte &
Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our
fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. Your broker will not have discretion
to vote on any other proposals, which are “non-routine” matters, absent
direction from you (and failure to provide instructions on these matters
will result in a “broker non-vote”).
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    4    AppLovin  
                                         
                                                                            
  Can I change my vote?                                                     
                                                                            
Yes. If you are a stockholder of record, you can change your vote or revoke
your proxy any time before the Annual Meeting by:

• entering a new vote by Internet or by telephone;

• completing and returning a later-dated proxy card; or

• notifying the Corporate Secretary of AppLovin Corporation, in writing, at
AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.

You may also change your vote by attending and voting at the Annual Meeting
(although attendance at the Annual Meeting will not, by itself, revoke a
proxy).

If you are a street name stockholder, your broker, bank, or other nominee
can provide you with instructions on how to change your vote.

What do I need to do to attend the Annual Meeting?

You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting virtually, submit your
questions during the meeting and vote your shares electronically at the
meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/APP2023 . To
participate in the Annual Meeting, you will need the control number included
on your Notice or proxy card. As discussed above, if you are a street name
stockholder, you may not vote your shares live at the Annual Meeting unless
you obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank, or other nominee. The
Annual Meeting webcast will begin promptly at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time. We
encourage you to access the meeting prior to the start time. Online check-in
will begin at 9:45 a.m. Pacific Time, and you should allow ample time for
the check-in procedures.
                                                                            
  What is the effect of giving a proxy?                                     
                                                                            
Proxies are solicited by and on behalf of our Board of Directors. Adam
Foroughi, Herald Chen, and Victoria Valenzuela have been designated as proxy
holders by our Board of Directors. When proxies are properly dated,
executed, and returned, the shares represented by such proxies will be voted
at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions of the
stockholder. If the proxy is dated and signed, but no specific instructions
are given, the shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations
of our Board of Directors as described above. If any matters not described
in this proxy statement are properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the
proxy holders will use their own judgment to determine how to vote the
shares. If the Annual Meeting is adjourned, the proxy holders can vote the
shares on the new Annual Meeting date as well, unless you have properly
revoked your proxy, as described above.

Why did I receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials
instead of a full set of proxy materials?

In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”), we have elected to furnish our proxy materials, including this
proxy statement and our annual report, primarily via the Internet. The
Notice containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials is first
being mailed on or about April 25, 2023 to all stockholders entitled to vote
at the Annual Meeting.
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    5    AppLovin  
                                         
Stockholders may request to receive all future proxy materials in printed
form by mail or electronically by e-mail by following the instructions
contained in the Notice. We encourage stockholders to take advantage of the
availability of our proxy materials on the Internet to help reduce the
environmental impact and cost of our annual meetings of stockholders.
                                                                            
  How are proxies solicited for the Annual Meeting?                         
                                                                            
Our Board of Directors is soliciting proxies for use at the Annual Meeting.
All expenses associated with this solicitation will be borne by us. We will
reimburse brokers or other nominees for reasonable expenses that they incur
in sending our proxy materials to you if a broker, bank, or other nominee
holds shares of our common stock on your behalf. In addition, our directors
and employees may also solicit proxies by telephone, by electronic
communication or by other means of communication. Our directors and
employees will not be paid any additional compensation for soliciting
proxies.
                                                                            
   Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting?               
                                                                            
We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting. We will
also disclose voting results on a Current Report on Form 8-K that we will
file with the SEC within four business days after the Annual Meeting. If
final voting results are not available to us in time to file a Form 8-K
within four business days after the Annual Meeting, we will file a Form 8-K
to publish preliminary results and will provide the final results in an
amendment to the Form 8-K as soon as they become available.

I share an address with another stockholder, and we received only one paper
copy of the proxy materials. How may I obtain an additional copy of the
proxy materials?

We have adopted a procedure called “householding,” which the SEC has
approved. Under this procedure, we deliver a single copy of the Notice and,
if applicable, our proxy materials, to multiple stockholders who share the
same address, unless we have received contrary instructions from one or more
of such stockholders. This procedure reduces our printing costs, mailing
costs, and fees. Stockholders who participate in householding will continue
to be able to access and receive separate proxy cards. Upon written or oral
request, we will deliver promptly a separate copy of the Notice and, if
applicable, our proxy materials, to any stockholder at a shared address to
which we delivered a single copy of any of these materials. To receive a
separate copy, or, if a stockholder is receiving multiple copies, to request
that we only send a single copy of the Notice and, if applicable, our proxy
materials, such stockholder may contact us at:
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                       Attention: Corporate Secretary                       
                            1100 Page Mill Road                             
                        Palo Alto, California 94304                         
                               (800) 839-9646                               
Street name stockholders may contact their broker, bank, or other nominee to
request information about householding.
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    6    AppLovin  
                                         
What is the deadline to propose actions for consideration at next year’s
annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate individuals to serve as
directors?
                                                                            
  Stockholder Proposals                                                     
                                                                            
Stockholders may present proper proposals for inclusion in our proxy
statement and for consideration at next year’s annual meeting of
stockholders by submitting their proposals in writing to our Corporate
Secretary in a timely manner. For a stockholder proposal to be considered
for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2024 annual meeting of
stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must receive the written proposal at
our principal executive offices not later than December 27, 2023. In
addition, stockholder proposals must comply with the requirements of Rule
14a-8 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”) regarding the inclusion of stockholder proposals in company-sponsored
proxy materials. Stockholder proposals should be addressed to:
                            AppLovin Corporation                            
                       Attention: Corporate Secretary                       
                            1100 Page Mill Road,                            
                        Palo Alto, California 94304                         
                               (800) 839-9646                               
Our amended and restated bylaws also establish an advance notice procedure
for stockholders who wish to present a proposal before an annual meeting of
stockholders but do not intend for the proposal to be included in our proxy
statement. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the only business
that may be conducted at an annual meeting of stockholders is business that
is (i) specified in our proxy materials with respect to such annual meeting,
(ii) otherwise properly brought before such annual meeting by or at the
direction of our Board of Directors, (iii) properly brought before such
annual meeting as may be provided in the certificate of designations for any
class or series of preferred stock, or (iv) properly brought before such
meeting by a stockholder who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of
giving of the notice contemplated by our amended and restated bylaws; (B) is
a stockholder of record on the record date for the determination of
stockholders entitled to notice of the annual meeting; (C) is a stockholder
of record on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled
to vote at the annual meeting; (D) is a stockholder of record at the time of
the annual meeting; and (E) complies with the procedures set forth in our
amended and restated bylaws, including delivering timely written notice to
our Corporate Secretary, which notice must contain the information specified
in our amended and restated bylaws. To be timely for the 2024 annual meeting
of stockholders, our Corporate Secretary must receive the written notice at
our principal executive offices:

• no earlier than 8:00 a.m., Pacific time, on February 8, 2024; and

• no later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on March 9, 2024.

In the event that we hold the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders more than
25 days from the one-year anniversary of the Annual Meeting, a notice of a
stockholder proposal that is not intended to be included in our proxy
statement must be received no earlier than 8:00 a.m., Pacific time, on the
120th day prior to the day of the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders and no
later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on the later of (i) the 90th day prior
to the day of the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders and (ii) if the first
public announcement of the date of the 2024 annual meeting is less than 100
days prior to the date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the
day on which public announcement of the date of the 2024 annual meeting of
stockholders is first made by us.

Unless otherwise required by law, if a stockholder who has notified us of
his, her, or its intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting of
stockholders does not appear to present his, her, or its proposal at such
annual meeting, we are not required to present the proposal for a vote at
such annual meeting.
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    7    AppLovin  
                                         
Recommendation or Nomination of Director Candidates

Stockholders who have continuously held 1% of our fully diluted
capitalization for at least 12 months prior to the submission of their
recommendation may recommend director candidates for consideration by our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Any such recommendations
should include the candidate’s name, home and business contact information,
detailed biographical data, relevant qualifications, a signed letter from
the candidate confirming willingness to serve, information regarding any
relationships between the candidate and the company and evidence of the
recommending stockholder’s ownership of the company’s capital stock and
should be directed to our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at the
address set forth above. For additional information regarding stockholder
recommendations for director candidates, see the section titled “Board of
Directors and Corporate Governance—Stockholder Recommendations and
Nominations to the Board of Directors.”

In addition, our amended and restated bylaws permit stockholders to nominate
directors for election at an annual meeting of stockholders. To nominate a
director, the stockholder must provide the information required by our
amended and restated bylaws. Any notice of director nomination submitted
must include the additional information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the
Exchange Act. In addition, the stockholder must give timely notice to our
Corporate Secretary in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws,
which, in general, require that the notice be received by our Corporate
Secretary within the time periods described above under the section titled
“Stockholder Proposals” for stockholder proposals that are not intended to
be included in a proxy statement.
                                                                            
  Availability of Bylaws                                                    
                                                                            
A copy of our amended and restated bylaws is available via our website at
www.investors.applovin.com and the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . You may
also contact our Corporate Secretary at the address set forth above for a
copy of the relevant bylaw provisions regarding the requirements for making
stockholder proposals and nominating director candidates.
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    8    AppLovin  
                                         
Board of Directors and Corporate Governance

Our business affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of
Directors. Our Board of Directors currently consists of eight (8) directors,
five (5) of whom qualify as “independent” under the corporate governance
requirements of the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”). At each annual
meeting of stockholders, directors will be elected for a one-year term and
until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

The following charts provide summary information about our director nominees
with respect to independence, diversity, and tenure.
                                                             
  Board Diversity Matrix (As of April 25,                    
  2023)                                                      
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Board Size:                                                
  Total Number of Directors                       8          
  Part I: Gender Identity                    Female    Male  
  Directors                                       3       5  
  Part II: Demographic Background                            
  African American or Black                       1       0  
  Asian                                           1       1  
  Hispanic or Latinx                              0       1  
  White                                           1       3  
                                                             
                                                 
  Gender    Ethnicity    Tenure    Independence  
                                                 
                                         
  2023 Proxy Statement    9    AppLovin  
                                         
                                                                            
  Nominees for Director                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
                              Mr. Foroughi is one of our co-founders and    
                              has served as our Chief Executive Officer     
                              and a member of our Board of Directors since  
                              December 2011.                                
                              He was designated as Chairperson of our       
                              Board of Directors in March 2021. He          
                              previously co-founded two advertising         
                              technology companies, Lifestreet Media Inc.   
                              and Social Hour Inc. Mr. Foroughi holds a     
                              B.A. in Business Administration from the      
                              University of California, Berkeley.           
                              Mr. Foroughi was selected to serve on our     
                              Board of Directors because of his deep        
                              industry knowledge and the vision and         
                              experience he brings as our Chief Executive   
                              Officer and co-founder.                       
  Adam Foroughi                                                             
  Chairperson of the Board                                                  
  Age: 42                                                                   
  Director Since: 2011                                                      
  Committees: None                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
                          Mr. Chen has served as our President and Chief    
                          Financial Officer since November 2019 and as a    
                          member of our Board of Directors since August     
                          2018.                                             
                          Prior to joining us, he served as the head of     
                          Technology, Media and Telecom at Kohlberg Kravis  
                          Roberts & Co. L.P. (together with its             
                          affiliates, KKR), an investment firm that         
                          manages multiple alternative asset classes, from  
                          2007 to 2019, having previously worked for the    
                          firm from 1995 to 1997. He also currently serves  
                          on the board of directors of GoDaddy, Inc., an    
                          online solutions provider, and Internet Brands    
                          Inc., an integrated digital media and software    
                          services company. Mr. Chen holds a B.S. in        
                          Economics (Finance) and a B.S.E. in Mechanical    
                          Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania   
                          and an M.B.A. from the Stanford University        
                          Graduate School of Business.                      
                          Mr. Chen was selected to serve on our Board of    
                          Directors because of his extensive operating and  
                          management experience, his financial acumen and   
                          his knowledge of technology companies and his     
                          experience serving on the boards of directors of  
                          other public and private technology companies.    
  Herald Chen                                                               
  Director                                                                  
  Age: 53                                                                   
  Director Since: 2018                                                      
  Committees: None                                                          
                                                                            
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    10    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
                                       Mr. Billings has served as a member  
                                       of our Board of Directors since      
                                       December 2020 and as our Lead        
                                       Independent Director since February  
                                       2021.                                
                                       Mr. Billings has served as Chief     
                                       Executive Officer and a member of    
                                       the board of directors of Wynn       
                                       Resorts, Limited, a developer and    
                                       operator of hotels and casinos,      
                                       since February 2022. Prior to        
                                       February 2022, Mr. Billings served   
                                       as the Chief Financial Officer and   
                                       Treasurer of Wynn Resorts from       
                                       March 2017 to January 2022 and as    
                                       President from May 2019 to May       
                                       2021. He has also served as a        
                                       Non-Executive Director of Wynn       
                                       Macau, Limited, a majority owned     
                                       subsidiary of Wynn Resorts since     
                                       August 2018. From December 2015 to   
                                       January 2018, Mr. Billings served    
                                       as Non-Executive Chairman of NYX     
                                       Gaming Group Ltd., a developer of    
                                       digital gaming systems which was     
                                       acquired by Scientific Games         
                                       Corporation in January 2018. Mr.     
                                       Billings has been a Certified        
                                       Public Accountant since 1999. He     
                                       holds a B.S. in Business             
                                       Administration from the University   
                                       of Nevada, Las Vegas and an M.B.A.   
                                       from Columbia Business School.       
                                       Mr. Billings was selected to serve   
                                       on our Board of Directors because    
                                       of his significant operational       
                                       experience as an executive and his   
                                       financial expertise.                 
  Craig Billings                                                            
  Lead Independent Director                                                 
  Age: 50                                                                   
  Director Since: 2020                                                      
  Committees: Audit (Chair);                                                
  Compensation                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                        Ms. Georgiadis has served as a      
                                        member of our Board of Directors    
                                        since January 2021.                 
                                        Ms. Georgiadis currently serves     
                                        as Co-Founder and CEO of Montai     
                                        Health, and as CEO-Partner of       
                                        Flagship Pioneering Inc., a         
                                        bioplatform innovation company,     
                                        since April 2022. She previously    
                                        served as an Endurance              
                                        Partner-in-Residence at General     
                                        Catalyst, a venture capital firm,   
                                        from January 2021 to April 2022.    
                                        From May 2018 to December 2020,     
                                        she served as President and Chief   
                                        Executive Officer of Ancestry.com   
                                        LLC, a global family history and    
                                        consumer genomics company. Prior    
                                        to Ancestry, from February 2017 to  
                                        May 2018, Ms. Georgiadis served as  
                                        Chief Executive Officer of Mattel,  
                                        Inc., a global children’s           
                                        entertainment company specializing  
                                        in toys and consumer products.      
                                        From 2009-2017 she served as        
                                        President of Google Americas and    
                                        the Vice President of Global        
                                        Operations. She is an experienced   
                                        public and private company board    
                                        director and currently serves on    
                                        the board of directors of           
                                        McDonald’s Corporation and several  
                                        private companies in technology     
                                        and health technology. She holds    
                                        an A.B. from Harvard College and    
                                        an M.B.A. from Harvard Business     
                                        School.                             
                                        Ms. Georgiadis was selected to      
                                        serve on our Board of Directors     
                                        because of her significant global   
                                        operational experience, her public  
                                        company board experience,and her    
                                        financial expertise.                
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
  Independent Director                                                      
  Age: 59                                                                   
  Director Since: 2021                                                      
  Committees: Audit; Nominating and                                         
  Corporate Governance (Chair)                                              
                                                                            
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    11    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
                          Ms. Harvey Dawson has served as a member of our   
                          Board of Directors since November 2021.           
                          Ms. Harvey Dawson has served as the Chief Legal   
                          Officer and Corporate Secretary of HubSpot, a     
                          leading CRM platform, since November 2022. Prior  
                          to joining HubSpot, Ms. Harvey Dawson was Chief   
                          Legal Officer of Gusto, Inc., a modern HR         
                          platform, from August 2020 to November 2022.      
                          Previously, from June 2017 to July 2020, she was  
                          General Counsel at Sidewalk Labs, an urban        
                          innovation subsidiary of Alphabet, Inc. Prior to  
                          Sidewalk Labs, Ms. Harvey Dawson held senior      
                          legal positions with Harman International,        
                          Netflix, and Autodesk. She received her B.A in    
                          Journalism from Michigan State University and     
                          her J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center.   
                          Ms. Harvey Dawson was selected to serve on our    
                          Board of Directors because she has over 25 years  
                          of broad-based legal experience and has overseen  
                          corporate governance, corporate, M&A and          
                          commercial transactions, enterprise risk          
                          management, compliance, data privacy,             
                          intellectual property, regulatory and             
                          governmental/public affairs.                      
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                                      
  Independent Director                                                      
  Age: 53                                                                   
  Director Since: 2021                                                      
  Committees: Audit                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                      Mr. Oberwager has served as a member  
                                      of our Board of Directors since       
                                      November 2019.                        
                                      He joined KKR in 2008 where he is a   
                                      Partner, Private Equity. Mr.          
                                      Oberwager currently serves on the     
                                      board of directors of several         
                                      privately-held companies. Mr.         
                                      Oberwager holds a B.A. in Classics    
                                      from Georgetown University and an     
                                      M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.  
                                      Mr. Oberwager was selected to serve   
                                      on our Board of Directors because of  
                                      his extensive experience as an        
                                      investment professional and his       
                                      experience serving on the boards of   
                                      directors of other technology         
                                      companies.                            
  Edward Oberwager                                                          
  Director                                                                  
  Age: 38                                                                   
  Director Since: 2019                                                      
  Committees: Compensation (Chair)                                          
                                                                            
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    12    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
                              Ms. Sharma has served as a member of our      
                              Board of Directors since August 2021.         
                              Since February 2021, Ms. Sharma has served    
                              as Chief Operating Officer of Maplebear Inc.  
                              (d/b/a Instacart), a leading provider of      
                              online grocery services. Previously, she      
                              served in several roles at Facebook (Meta     
                              Platforms, Inc.), a global technology         
                              company, including VP of Product for          
                              Messenger and Head of Product for Social      
                              Impact. She also served as Chief Operating    
                              Officer from 2013 to 2017 at Porch Group,     
                              Inc., a home services software provider, and  
                              served in marketing and operations roles      
                              from 2011 to 2013 at Microsoft Corporation,   
                              a computer software provider. She has served  
                              on the board of directors of Porch Group      
                              since December 2020 and previously served on  
                              the board of directors of Help Scout PBC, a   
                              private company, and Virginia Mason Medical   
                              Center. She holds a Bachelor of Science in    
                              Business from the University of Minnesota,    
                              Carlson School of Management.                 
                              Ms. Sharma was selected to serve on our       
                              Board of Directors because of her             
                              significant operational experience as an      
                              executive in the technology industry and her  
                              experience serving on the board of directors  
                              of another public company.                    
  Asha Sharma                                                               
  Independent Director                                                      
  Age: 34                                                                   
  Director Since: 2021                                                      
  Committees: Compensation                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                       Mr. Vivas has served as a member of  
                                       our Board of Directors since August  
                                       2018.                                
                                       He has served as Chief Executive     
                                       Officer at Curated, Inc.             
                                       (Curated.com), an online outdoor     
                                       sports retailer he co-founded,       
                                       since August 2017. From March 2014   
                                       to April 2017, Mr. Vivas served as   
                                       Head of Product, Talent Solutions    
                                       at LinkedIn Corporation, a business  
                                       and employment-oriented online       
                                       service. He joined LinkedIn through  
                                       its acquisition of Bright.com, an    
                                       employment website company he        
                                       co-founded and served as Chief       
                                       Product Officer from October 2011    
                                       to February 2014.                    
                                       Mr. Vivas was selected to serve on   
                                       our Board of Directors because of    
                                       his deep industry knowledge and      
                                       significant operational experience   
                                       as an executive with technology      
                                       companies.                           
  Eduardo Vivas                                                             
  Independent Director                                                      
  Age: 37                                                                   
  Director Since: 2018                                                      
  Committees: Nominating and                                                
  Corporate Governance                                                      
                                                                            
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    13    AppLovin  
                                          
Director Independence and Controlled Company Exemption

Under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, independent directors
must comprise a majority of a listed company’s board of directors. In
addition, Nasdaq rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each
member of a listed company’s audit, compensation, and nominating and
corporate governance committees be independent. Under Nasdaq rules, a
director will only qualify as an “independent director” if, in the opinion
of the company’s board of directors, the director does not have a
relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director.

Our Board of Directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each
director. Based on information provided by each director concerning their
background, employment and affiliations, our Board of Directors has
determined that each of Messrs. Billings and Vivas and Mses. Georgiadis,
Harvey Dawson, and Sharma do not have a relationship that would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is
“independent” as that term is defined under the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. In making these determinations, our Board of Directors
considered the current and prior relationships that each non-employee
director has with our company and all other facts and circumstances our
Board of Directors deemed relevant in determining their independence,
including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-employee
director, and the transactions involving them described in the section
titled “Certain Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions” below.

All shares of our Class B common stock are held by Messrs. Foroughi and Chen
and KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”), collectively with certain
affiliated trusts and entities (the “Voting Agreement Parties”). The Voting
Agreement Parties control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding
common stock. As a result, we are considered a “controlled company” within
the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Under these
rules, a “controlled company” may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements, including the requirements that:

• a majority of our Board of Directors consist of independent directors;

• our Board of Directors have a Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written
charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities;

• our Board of Directors have a Compensation Committee that is composed
entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the
committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and

• we conduct an annual performance evaluation of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee.

We are currently utilizing certain of these exemptions. As a result, we do
not have a compensation committee that consists entirely of independent
directors. In the event that we cease to be a “controlled company” and our
Class A common stock continues to be listed on Nasdaq, we will be required
to comply with these provisions within the applicable transaction periods.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    14    AppLovin  
                                          
Board Leadership Structure and Role of the Lead Independent Director

Mr. Foroughi currently serves as both the chairperson of our Board of
Directors and as our chief executive officer. As our co-founder, Mr.
Foroughi is best positioned to identify strategic priorities, lead critical
discussion, and execute our business plans.

Our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that
provide that one of our independent directors should serve as our lead
independent director at any time when the chairperson of our Board of
Directors is not independent. Because Mr. Foroughi is our chairperson and is
not an “independent” director as defined in Nasdaq’s corporate governance
requirements, our Board of Directors has determined that it is advisable and
in the best interests of stockholders to have a lead independent director
to, among other things, preside over meetings of the independent directors
and reporting to our chief executive officer and our president regarding
feedback from executive sessions. As such, Mr. Billings has been appointed
our lead independent director and presides over periodic meetings of our
independent directors, serves as a liaison between Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen
and our independent directors, and performs such additional duties as our
Board of Directors may otherwise determine and delegate. Our Board of
Directors believes that Mr. Billings’ significant experience as a public
company executive, including as a chief executive officer and formerly a
chief financial officer, positions him to provide valuable financial and
operational expertise that helps ensure strong and independent oversight and
effective collaboration among our directors.

Our independent directors meet regularly, but no less than twice a year, in
executive sessions following our regularly scheduled meetings and often as
part of our special meetings. These executive sessions are chaired by the
lead independent director, and include discussions and recommendations
regarding guidance to be provided to our chief executive officer and our
president and such topics as the independent directors may determine.

As a result of the Board of Directors’ committee structure and the existence
of a majority of independent directors, the Board of Directors believes it
maintains effective oversight of our business operations, including
independent oversight of our management, management’s performance, financial
statements, executive compensation, selection of director candidates, and
corporate governance programs. We believe that the leadership structure of
our Board of Directors, including Mr. Billings’ role as lead independent
director, is appropriate and enhances our Board of Directors’ ability to
effectively carry out its roles and responsibilities on behalf of our
stockholders as well as the accountability of management, while Mr.
Foroughi’s combined role enables strong leadership, creates clear
accountability, and enhances our ability to communicate our message and
strategy clearly and consistently to stockholders.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    15    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Board Committees                                                          
                                                                            
Our Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation
Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The current
composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our Board of
Directors is described below. Members will serve on these committees until
their resignation or until as otherwise determined by our Board of
Directors.
                                                                            
                                                    Nominating and          
  Director                 Audit    Compensation    Corporate               
                                                    Governance              
  Adam Foroughi                                                             
  Herald Chen                                                               
  Craig Billings           ■▲       ●                                       
  Margaret Georgiadis      ●▲                       ■                       
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson     ●                                                
  Edward Oberwager                  ■                                       
  Asha Sharma                       ●                                       
  Eduardo Vivas                                     ●                       
  ●Committee                                                                
  member■Committee                                                          
  chair▲Financial                                                           
  expert                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Audit Committee                                                           
                                                                            
Our Audit Committee consists of Mr. Billings and Mses. Georgiadis and Harvey
Dawson, with Mr. Billings serving as chairperson. Each member of our Audit
Committee meets the requirements for independence under the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of our
Audit Committee also meets the financial literacy and sophistication
requirements of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. In addition,
our Board of Directors has determined that each of Mr. Billings and Ms.
Georgiadis is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item
407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”). Our Audit Committee, among other things:

• selects a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public
accounting firm to audit our financial statements;

• helps to ensure the independence and performance of the independent
registered public accounting firm;

• discusses the scope and results of the audit with the independent
registered public accounting firm, and reviews, with management and the
independent registered public accounting firm, our interim and year-end
results of operations;

• develops procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about
questionable accounting or audit matters;

• reviews our policies on risk assessment and risk management;
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    16    AppLovin  
                                          
• reviews related party transactions; and

• approves or, as required, pre-approves, all audit and all permissible non-
audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be performed by
the independent registered public accounting firm.

Our Audit Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements. A copy of the charter for our Audit Committee is
available on our website at www.investors.applovin.com . During 2022, our
Audit Committee held 6 meetings.
                                                                            
  Compensation Committee                                                    
                                                                            
Our Compensation Committee consists of Messrs. Oberwager and Billings and
Ms. Sharma, with Mr. Oberwager serving as chairperson. Ms. Sharma was
appointed to the Compensation Committee in September 2022. Each of Mr.
Billings and Ms. Sharma meets the requirements for independence under the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. We utilize the “controlled
company” exemption from having a compensation committee composed entirely of
independent directors. Each member of our Compensation Committee is a non-
employee director, as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act.
Our Compensation Committee, among other things:

• reviews, approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our Board of
Directors regarding, the compensation of our executive officers;

• administers our equity compensation plans;

• reviews and approves and makes recommendations to our Board of Directors
regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans; and

• establishes and reviews general policies relating to compensation and
benefits of our employees.

Our Compensation Committee operates under a written charter that satisfies
the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements. A copy of the charter for our Compensation
Committee is available on our website at www.investors.applovin.com . During
2022, our Compensation Committee held 7 meetings.
                                                                            
  Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee                             
                                                                            
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Ms. Georgiadis
and Mr. Vivas, with Ms. Georgiadis serving as chairperson. Ms. Sharma
previously served on our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee until
November 2022. Each of Ms. Georgiadis and Mr. Vivas meets the requirements
for independence under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, among other things:

• identifies, evaluates and selects, or makes recommendations to our Board
of Directors regarding, nominees for election to our Board of Directors and
its committees;

• evaluates the performance of our Board of Directors and of individual
directors;

• considers and makes recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding
the composition of our Board of Directors and its committees;

• reviews developments in corporate governance practices;

• evaluates the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and
reporting;
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    17    AppLovin  
                                          
• oversees our practices with respect to environmental, social and
governance matters;

• oversees succession planning for our named executive officers; and

• develops and makes recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding
corporate governance guidelines and matters.

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee operates under a written
charter that satisfies the applicable Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. A copy of the charter for our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee is available on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com . During 2022, our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee held 5 meetings.
                                                                            
  Attendance at Board and Stockholder Meetings                              
                                                                            
During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors held
seventeen meetings (including regularly scheduled and special meetings).
Four of our directors attended 100% of meetings of the Board of Directors
and the committees on which they then served, and all of our directors
attended at least 75% of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings
of our Board of Directors held during the period for which he or she has
been a director and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees
of our Board of Directors on which he or she served during the periods that
he or she served.

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members of
our Board of Directors at annual meetings of stockholders, our Corporate
Governance Guidelines strongly encourage, but do not require, our directors
to attend. All of our directors attended our 2022 annual meeting of our
stockholders.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of the members of our Compensation Committee is or has been an officer
or employee of AppLovin. None of our executive officers currently serves, or
in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or
compensation committee (or other committee of the board of directors
performing equivalent functions) of any other entity that has one of its
executive officers serving on our Board of Directors or Compensation
Committee. See the section titled “Certain Relationships, Related Party and
Other Transactions” below for information about related party transactions
involving members of our Compensation Committee or their affiliates.
                                                                            
  Board of Directors Evaluations                                            
                                                                            
Our Board of Directors, in conjunction with our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, conducts an annual evaluation of the performance of
the Board of Directors as a whole and each of its standing committees,
including an evaluation of the qualifications of individual members of the
Board of Directors and its committees. The results of the evaluation are
reviewed by our lead independent director and the chair of our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee, in partnership with our in-house legal
team. Thereafter, the evaluation results and any recommendations for
improvement are provided to our Board of Directors and its standing
committees by a member of our legal team. Our Board of Directors and our
management work closely to address any action items that result from this
evaluation process.
                                                                            
  Voting Structure and Voting Agreement                                     
                                                                            
In connection with our initial public offering, we amended and restated our
certificate of incorporation to create three classes of authorized common
stock. Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one (1) vote for
each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders
of our Class B common stock are entitled to twenty
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    18    AppLovin  
                                          
(20) votes for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of
stockholders, and holders of our Class C common stock are not entitled to
vote on any matter that is submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as
otherwise required by law. There are no shares of our Class C common stock
outstanding. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common
stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by law.

All shares of Class B common stock are held by the Voting Agreement Parties.
The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into a voting agreement (the
“Voting Agreement”) whereby all Class B common stock held by the Voting
Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities and permitted
transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen,
and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Voting
Agreement Parties will collectively be able to determine or significantly
influence any action requiring the approval of our stockholders, including
the election of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other
major corporate transaction. Further, Mr. Chen is party to an Equity Award
Exchange Agreement covering options to purchase 2,280,201 shares of Class A
common stock and 80,199 shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to
the exercise of stock options. The Equity Award Exchange Agreement provides
that Mr. Chen may exchange such shares, or the shares received upon exercise
of such options, as may be the case, for an equivalent number of shares of
our Class B common stock. For additional information on the voting power of
the Voting Agreement Parties, see the section titled “Security Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.”
                                                                            
  Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees                            
                                                                            
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee uses a variety of methods,
including engaging the services of outside consultants and search firms, to
identify and evaluate director nominees. Our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee works with our Board of Directors to determine the
desired qualifications, expertise, and characteristics of our Board of
Directors, including such factors as business experience and diversity, and
with respect to diversity, such factors as differences in professional
background, education, skill and other individual qualities and attributes
that contribute to the total mix of viewpoints and experience represented on
the Board of Directors.

In its evaluation of director candidates, our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee and our Board of Directors evaluate each director in
the context of the membership of the Board of Directors as a group, with the
objective of having a group that can best perpetuate the success of the
business and represent stockholder interests through the exercise of sound
judgment using its diversity of background and experience in the various
areas. Each director should be an individual of high character and
integrity. In determining whether to recommend a director for re-election,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also considers the
director’s past attendance at meetings, participation in and contributions
to the activities of the Board of Directors and the company, and other
qualifications and characteristics set forth in the charter of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter. Some of the
qualifications that our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
considers include, without limitation, issues of character, integrity,
judgment, corporate experience, diversity of experience, background,
independence, area of expertise, length of service, potential conflicts of
interest and other commitments. Nominees must also have the highest personal
and professional ethics and integrity, proven achievement and competence in
the nominee’s field and the ability to exercise sound business judgment,
skills that are complementary to those of the existing members of the Board
of Directors, and the ability to assist and support management and make
significant contributions to our success. Director candidates must
understand the fiduciary responsibilities that are required of a member of
our Board of Directors and have sufficient time and energy available, in the
judgment of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, to perform
all board of director and applicable committee responsibilities. Members of
our Board of Directors are expected to prepare for, attend, and participate
in all Board of Directors and
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    19    AppLovin  
                                          
applicable committee meetings. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee may also consider such other factors as it may deem, from time to
time, are in our and our stockholders’ best interests.

After completing its review and evaluation of director candidates, including
incumbent directors, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
recommends to our full Board of Directors the director nominees for
selection.

Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations to the Board of Directors

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider director
candidates recommended by stockholders who have continuously held at least
one percent (1%) of our fully diluted capitalization for at least 12 months
prior to the date of the submission of the recommendation, so long as such
recommendations comply with our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, amended and restated bylaws, and applicable laws, rules and
regulations, including those promulgated by the SEC. Our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate such recommendations in
accordance with its charter, our amended and restated bylaws and our
policies and procedures for director candidates, as well as the regular
director nominee criteria described above. This process is designed to
ensure that our Board of Directors includes members with diverse
backgrounds, skills, and experience, including appropriate financial and
other expertise relevant to our business. Eligible stockholders wishing to
recommend a candidate for nomination should contact our Chief Legal Officer
and Corporate Secretary in writing at the address below. Such
recommendations must include the candidate’s name, home and business contact
information, detailed biographical data, relevant qualifications, a signed
letter from the candidate confirming willingness to serve, information
regarding any relationships between the candidate and the company and
evidence of the recommending stockholder’s ownership of the company’s
capital stock. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has
discretion to decide which individuals to recommend for nomination as
directors.

Under our amended and restated bylaws, stockholders may also directly
nominate persons for our Board of Directors. Any nomination must comply with
the requirements set forth in our amended and restated bylaws and should be
sent in writing to our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at
AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304. Any
notice of director nomination submitted must include the additional
information required by Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. To be timely
for the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, nominations must be received by
our Corporate Secretary observing the same deadlines for stockholder
proposals discussed above under “What is the deadline to propose actions for
consideration at next year’s annual meeting of stockholders or to nominate
individuals to serve as directors? – Stockholder Proposals.”

We have entered into a Director Nominations Agreement with KKR Denali. The
Director Nominations Agreement grants KKR Denali the right to nominate to
our Board of Directors one designee (the “KKR Director”) as long as KKR
Denali and its affiliates collectively beneficially own at least 25% of the
shares of the Class B common stock that KKR Denali held immediately prior to
our initial public offering. In addition, in the event a vacancy on the
Board of Directors is created by the death, disability, retirement or
resignation of a KKR Denali director designee, KKR Denali shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by law, have the right to have the vacancy filled
by a new KKR Director. Edward Oberwager currently serves as the KKR
Director.

Further, for so long as KKR Denali and its affiliates hold at least 5% of
the outstanding shares of our common stock, one of the independent
candidates selected by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for
nomination to our Board of Directors shall be subject to the approval of KKR
Denali prior to the nomination of such candidate for election by our
stockholders. Margo Georgiadis is the independent director currently serving
that was approved by KKR Denali.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    20    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Communications with the Board of Directors                                
                                                                            
Interested parties wishing to communicate with non-management members of our
Board of Directors may do so by writing and mailing the correspondence to
our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary at AppLovin Corporation,
Attn: Chief Legal Officer, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.
Each communication should set forth (i) the name and address of the
stockholder, as it appears on our books, and if the shares of our common
stock are held by a nominee, the name and address of the beneficial owner of
such shares, and (ii) the class and number of shares of our common stock
that are owned of record by the record holder and beneficially by the
beneficial owner.

Our Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with appropriate members of our
Board of Directors as necessary, will review all incoming communications
(except for mass mailings, product complaints or inquiries, job inquiries,
business solicitations and patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate
material) and, if appropriate, will route such communications to the
appropriate director(s) or, if none is specified, to the Chairperson of the
Board or the Lead Independent Director.

This procedure does not apply to (i) communications to non-management
directors from our officers or directors who are stockholders or (ii)
stockholder proposals submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange
Act, which are discussed further in the section titled “What is the deadline
to propose actions for consideration at next year’s annual meeting of
stockholders or to nominate individuals to serve as directors?—Stockholder
Proposals” described above in this proxy statement.

Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Conduct and Business Ethics

Our Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that
address items such as the qualifications and responsibilities of our
directors and director candidates, including independence standards, and
corporate governance policies and standards applicable to us in general. In
addition, our Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Conduct and Business
Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors,
including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and other
executive and senior financial officers. The full text of each of our
Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics
is posted on our website at www.investors.applovin.com . We will post
amendments to our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics or any waivers of our
Code of Conduct and Business Ethics for directors and executive officers on
the same website or in filings under the Exchange Act.
                                                                            
  Role of Board in Risk Oversight Process                                   
                                                                            
Risk is inherent with every business, and we face a number of risks,
including strategic, financial, business and operational, legal and
compliance, and reputational, in the pursuit and achievement of our
strategic objectives. We have designed and implemented processes to manage
risk in our operations. Management is responsible for the day-to-day
oversight and management of strategic, operational, legal and compliance,
cybersecurity, and financial risks, while our Board of Directors, as a whole
and assisted by its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of our
risk management framework, which is designed to identify, assess, and manage
risks to which our company is exposed, as well as to foster a corporate
culture of integrity. Consistent with this approach, our Board of Directors,
directly and through its committees, regularly reviews our strategic and
operational risks in the context of discussions with management, question
and answer sessions, and reports from the management team and/or its
advisors at each of its regular Board and committee meetings. Our Board of
Directors also receives regular reports on all significant committee
activities at each regular Board meeting, and evaluates the risks inherent
in significant transactions. As part of this approach, our Board considers
both the materiality of a risk and its immediacy in making strategic
decisions and helping management prioritize resources.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    21    AppLovin  
                                          
In addition, our Board of Directors has tasked designated standing
committees with oversight of certain categories of risk management. Our
Audit Committee assists our Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight
responsibilities with respect to risk management in the areas of internal
control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, as
well as legal and regulatory compliance and potential conflicts of interest.
Our Audit Committee also, among other things, discusses with management and
the independent auditor guidelines and policies with respect to risk
assessment and risk management pertaining to financial, accounting, and tax
matters. Our Compensation Committee assesses risks relating to our executive
compensation plans and arrangements, and whether our compensation policies
and programs have the potential to encourage excessive risk-taking. Our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assesses risks relating to our
corporate governance practices, the independence of the Board of Directors,
and corporate succession plans for our executive officers. These committees
receive regular updates from the management team as well as its advisors on
various risk topics and regulatory developments applicable to the Company’s
operations and business, and provide regular reports on our risk management
efforts to the full Board of Directors.

Our Board of Directors and its committees engage outside advisors and
experts from time to time to assist in understanding threats, trends, and
our risk environment in general. Our Board of Directors believes its current
leadership structure supports the risk oversight function of the board.
                                                                            
  Director Compensation                                                     
                                                                            
We have adopted a compensation policy for our non-employee directors (the
“Director Compensation Policy”). The Director Compensation Policy was
developed with input from our former independent compensation consultant at
the time, Radford (Aon plc), regarding practices and compensation levels at
comparable companies. The Director Compensation Policy is designed to
attract, retain, and reward experienced non-employee directors.

Under the Director Compensation Policy, each non-employee director receives
the cash and equity compensation for board services described below. We also
reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable, customary, and
documented travel expenses to meetings of our Board of Directors or its
committee and other expenses.
                                                                            
  Cash Compensation                                                         
                                                                            
Under our Director Compensation Policy, non-employee directors are entitled
to receive the following cash compensation for their service on our Board of
Directors:

• $50,000 per year for service as a member of the Board of Directors;

• $60,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Board of Directors;

• $20,000 per year for service as lead independent director of the Board of
Directors;

• $25,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Audit Committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as member of the Audit Committee;

• $20,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Compensation Committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as member of the Compensation Committee;

• $10,000 per year for service as chairperson of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee; and

• $5,000 per year for service as member of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    22    AppLovin  
                                          
Each non-employee director who serves as the chairperson of a committee will
receive only the annual cash fee as the chairperson of the committee, and
not the additional annual cash fee as a member of the committee. All cash
payments to non-employee directors are paid quarterly in arrears on a pro-
rated basis.
                                                                            
  Equity Compensation                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Initial Award                                                             
                                                                            
Each person who first becomes a non-employee director will be granted an
initial award of restricted stock units, (“RSUs”) on the first trading date
on or after the date on which such individual first becomes a non-employee
director (the “Initial Award”). The Initial Award will cover a number of
shares of our Class A common stock having a grant date fair value
(determined in accordance with GAAP) of $337,500, rounded to the nearest
whole share (the “New Hire Award”). The New Hire Award will vest in 12 equal
quarterly installments beginning on the first Quarterly Vesting Date to
occur after such individual first becomes a non-employee director and each
subsequent Quarterly Vesting Date thereafter, subject to the non-employee
director continuing to be a service provider through the applicable vesting
date. Our Quarterly Vesting Dates are February 20, May 20, August 20, and
November 20. If the person was a member of our Board of Directors and also
an employee, becoming a non-employee director due to termination of
employment does not entitle them to an Initial Award.
                                                                            
  Annual Award                                                              
                                                                            
On the date of each annual meeting of our stockholders, each non-employee
director will automatically receive an annual award of RSUs (an “Annual
Award”) covering a number of shares of our Class A common stock having a
grant date fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP) of $225,000,
rounded to the nearest whole share. The Annual Award will vest on the
earlier of (i) the one-year anniversary of the date the Annual Award is
granted or (ii) the day prior to the date of the annual meeting next
following the date the Annual Award is granted, in each case, subject to the
non-employee director continuing to be a service provider through the
applicable vesting date.

In the event of a “change in control” (as defined in our 2021 Equity
Incentive Plan), each non-employee director’s outstanding awards will fully
vest, provided that the non-employee director continues to be a non-employee
director through the date of the change in control.
                                                                            
  Maximum Annual Compensation Limit                                         
                                                                            
The Director Compensation Policy includes a maximum annual limit of $750,000
in total cash and equity compensation awards that may be paid, issued, or
granted to a non-employee director in any fiscal year (increased to
$1,000,000 in the non-employee director’s initial year of service as a non-
employee director). For purposes of this limitation, the value of equity
awards is based on the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”)). Any cash compensation
paid or equity compensation awards granted to a person for their service as
an employee, or for their service as a consultant (other than as a non-
employee director), will not count for purposes of the limitation. The
maximum limit does not reflect the intended size of any potential
compensation or equity awards to our non-employee directors.
                                                                            
  2022 Compensation                                                         
                                                                            
The following table provides information regarding compensation of our non-
employee directors for their service as directors, for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. Our KKR Director and directors who are also our employees
receive no additional compensation for their service as directors. Mr. Vivas
has declined to receive cash consideration for his service on our Board of
Directors. During 2022, Mr. Oberwager served as the KKR Director and Messrs.
Foroughi and Chen were employees and executive officers of the company and
therefore, each of them did not receive compensation as directors. See
“Executive Compensation” for additional information regarding the
compensation of Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Chen.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    23    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
                             Fees Paid or          Stock             Total  
  Name                       Earned in Cash       Awards             ($)    
                             ($)               ($)(1)(2)                    
  Craig Billings    105,000                      224,963    329,963         
  Margaret           70,000                      224,963    294,963         
  Georgiadis                                                                
  Alyssa Harvey      58,750                      224,963    283,713         
  Dawson                                                                    
  Edward                     —                         —          —         
  Oberwager                                                                 
  Asha Sharma        55,000                      224,963    279,963         
  Eduardo Vivas              —                   224,963    224,963         
                                                                            
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received by the
director, and there can be no assurance that these amounts will ever be
realized by the non-employee directors. Instead, the amount shown is the
grant date fair value of the awards granted in fiscal 2022 computed in
accordance with ASC Topic 718 — Compensation — Stock Compensation (“ASC
Topic 718”), disregarding forfeiture assumptions. The grant date fair value
of the RSU awards was calculated based on the closing price per share of our
Class A common stock on the grant date.

2. The following table lists all outstanding equity awards held by non-
employee directors as of December 31, 2022:
                                                                            
                                      Number of Shares    Number of         
                     Date of          Underlying Stock    Securities        
  Name               Grant            Award               Underlying        
                                      (#)                 Options           
                                                          (#)               
  Craig Billings     12/30/2020(1)    —                   21,000(2)         
  6/8/2022(3)        5,142(4)         —                                     
  Margaret           6/8/2022(3)      5,142(4)            —                 
  Georgiadis                                                                
  Alyssa Harvey      11/8/2021(3)     1,976(5)            —                 
  Dawson                                                                    
  6/8/2022(3)        5,142(4)         —                                     
  Asha Sharma        8/10/2021(3)     2,951(6)            —                 
  6/8/2022(3)        5,142(4)         —                                     
  Eduardo Vivas      6/8/2022(3)      5,142(4)            —                 
                                                                            
a. These awards were granted pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan.

b. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately
exercisable. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr. Billings
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/12th of the total shares
on March 1, 2021 with 1/12th of the total shares vesting each quarter
thereafter, provided that 100% of any unvested shares covered by the option
will vest immediately prior to the closing of an Acquisition or Other
Combination (each as defined in our 2011 Plan).

c. These awards were granted pursuant to our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan.

d. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to each non-employee
directors’ continued role as a service provider to us, as to 100% of the
total shares on the earlier of (i) the one-year anniversary of the date the
Annual Award is granted or (ii) the day prior to the date of the Annual
Meeting next following the date the Annual Award is granted.

e. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Harvey Dawson’s
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/12th of the total shares
on November 20, 2021 with 1/12th of the total shares vesting quarterly
thereafter.

f. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Sharma’s continued
role as a service provider to us, as to 1/12th of the total shares on August
20, 2021 with 1/12th of the total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    24    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 1                                                            
                                                                            
Election of Directors

Our Board of Directors is currently composed of eight members. Each of the
currently serving eight directors have been nominated by our Board of
Directors for election at the Annual Meeting, each to serve a one-year term
until the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are
elected and qualified.
                                                                            
  Nominees                                                                  
                                                                            
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has recommended, and our
Board of Directors has approved, Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen, Craig Billings,
Margaret Georgiadis, Alyssa Harvey Dawson, Edward Oberwager, Asha Sharma,
and Eduardo Vivas as nominees for election as directors at the Annual
Meeting. If elected, each of the nominees will serve as directors until the
2024 annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. For information concerning the nominees, please see
“Board of Directors and Corporate Governance.”

If you are a stockholder of record and you sign your proxy card or vote by
telephone or over the Internet but do not give instructions with respect to
the voting of directors, your shares will be voted “FOR” the election of
Messrs. Foroughi, Chen, Billings, Oberwager, and Vivas, and Mses.
Georgiadis, Harvey Dawson, and Sharma. If you are a street name stockholder
and you do not give voting instructions to your broker or nominee, your
broker will leave your shares unvoted on this matter.
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
Each director is elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present
virtually or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the
election of directors at the Annual Meeting. “Plurality” means that the
eight nominees who receive the largest number of votes cast “For” such
nominees are elected as directors. As a result, any shares not voted “For” a
particular nominee (whether as a result of a withhold vote or a broker non-
vote) will not be counted in such nominee’s favor and will have no effect on
the outcome of the election.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” EACH OF THE NOMINEES NAMED
ABOVE.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    25    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 2                                                            
                                                                            
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Our Audit Committee has appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte”), an
independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our consolidated
financial statements for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. Deloitte
has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since 2014.

At the Annual Meeting, our stockholders are being asked to ratify the
appointment of Deloitte as our independent registered public accounting firm
for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. Our Audit Committee is
submitting the appointment of Deloitte to our stockholders because we value
our stockholders’ views on our independent registered public accounting firm
and as a matter of good corporate governance. Notwithstanding the
appointment of Deloitte, and even if our stockholders ratify the
appointment, our Audit Committee, in its discretion, may appoint another
independent registered public accounting firm at any time during our fiscal
year if our Audit Committee believes that such a change would be in the best
interests of our company and our stockholders. If our stockholders do not
ratify the appointment of Deloitte, our Board of Directors may reconsider
the appointment. Representatives of Deloitte will be present at the Annual
Meeting, have an opportunity to make a statement, and be available to
respond to appropriate questions from our stockholders.

Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The following table presents fees for professional audit services and other
services rendered to our company by Deloitte for our fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021.
                                           
  $ in thousands            2022     2021  
  Audit Fees(1)            5,130    3,516  
  Audit-Related Fees(2)        —      200  
  Tax Fees(3)              1,895    1,856  
  All Other Fees(4)          505      467  
  Total Fees               7,530    6,039  
                                           
1. Audit fees include fees related to the audits of our annual consolidated
financial statements and the reviews of our interim financial statements,
services rendered in connection with the filing of our registration
statements, and also includes fees related to statutory audit services for
certain of our foreign subsidiaries.

2. Audit-related fees include fees related to assurance and related services
that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and are not included in the fees reported in the table
above under “Audit Fees.” For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, this
primarily consists of fees for services provided in connection with
preparation for compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. No audit-related fees were incurred during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022.

3. Tax fees include fees related to services for U.S. federal, state, local,
international, and other tax compliance, planning, advisory, and
consultation services.

4. All Other Fees include services other than the services reported above,
including permissible advisory and consulting services in connection with
merger and acquisitions and other.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    26    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Auditor Independence                                                      
                                                                            
In our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were no other professional
services provided by Deloitte, other than those listed above, that would
have required our Audit Committee to consider their compatibility with
maintaining the independence of Deloitte.

Audit Committee Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit
Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Our Audit Committee has established a policy governing our use of the
services of our independent registered public accounting firm. Under this
policy, our Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all audit services
and permissible non-audit services performed by our independent registered
public accounting firm in order to ensure that the provision of such
services does not impair the public accountants’ independence. All services
provided by Deloitte for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which
includes all fees for audit services, were pre-approved by our audit
committee in accordance with the policy. Following the adoption of our pre-
approval policy in April 2021, all services provided by Deloitte for our
fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which includes all fees for audit
services, were pre-approved by our Audit Committee in accordance with the
policy.
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
The ratification of the appointment of Deloitte as our independent
registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31,
2023 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the
shares of our common stock present virtually or by proxy at the Annual
Meeting and entitled to vote thereon. Abstentions will have the effect of a
vote against this proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE RATIFICATION OF THE
APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    27    AppLovin  
                                          
Audit Committee Report

The Audit Committee is a committee of the Board of Directors comprised
solely of independent directors as required by Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements and SEC rules and regulations. The composition of the Audit
Committee, the attributes of its members and the responsibilities of the
Audit Committee, as reflected in its charter, are intended to be in
accordance with applicable requirements for corporate Audit Committees. With
respect to AppLovin’s financial reporting process, AppLovin’s management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls and preparing
AppLovin’s financial statements. AppLovin’s independent registered public
accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP (“Deloitte”), is responsible for
performing an independent audit of AppLovin’s financial statements. It is
the responsibility of the Audit Committee to oversee these activities. It is
not the responsibility of the Audit Committee to prepare AppLovin’s
financial statements. These are the fundamental responsibilities of
management. In the performance of its oversight function, the Audit
Committee has:

• reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with management;

• discussed with Deloitte the matters required to be discussed by the
applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(“PCAOB”) and the SEC; and

• received the written disclosures and the letter from Deloitte required by
applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant’s
communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has
discussed with Deloitte its independence.

Based on the Audit Committee’s review and discussions with management and
Deloitte, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the
audited financial statements be included in the company’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 for filing with the
SEC.

Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors:
                                                                            
  Craig Billings (Chair)                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                                      
                                                                            
This report of the Audit Committee is required by the SEC and, in accordance
with the SEC’s rules, will not be deemed to be part of or incorporated by
reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this proxy
statement into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act,
except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by
reference, and will not otherwise be deemed “soliciting material” or “filed”
under either the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    28    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 3                                                            
                                                                            
Advisory Vote on the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers

In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) and SEC rules, we are providing our
stockholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on an advisory or non-
binding basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed
pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act. This proposal, commonly known
as a “Say-on-Pay” proposal, gives our stockholders the opportunity to
express their views on our named executive officers’ compensation as a
whole. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of
compensation or any specific named executive officer, but rather the overall
compensation of all of our named executive officers and the philosophy,
policies and practices described in this proxy statement. In 2022, we held
our first Say-on-Pay vote and, after we reviewed the results of the vote
with respect to Proposal 4, we intend to hold a Say-on-Pay vote every three
years, so that our next Say-on-Pay vote would occur at our 2026 annual
meeting of stockholders.

The Say-on-Pay vote is advisory, and therefore is not binding on us, our
Compensation Committee, or our Board of Directors. The Say-on-Pay vote will,
however, provide information to us regarding investor sentiment about our
executive compensation philosophy, policies and practices, which our
Compensation Committee will be able to consider when determining executive
compensation for the remainder of the current fiscal year and beyond. Our
Board of Directors and our Compensation Committee value the opinions of our
stockholders. We encourage our stockholders to read the disclosures set
forth below in the Executive Compensation section of this proxy statement to
review the correlation between compensation and performance, as well as the
compensation actions taken in fiscal 2022.

We believe that the information provided in the section titled “Executive
Compensation,” and in particular the information discussed in the section
titled “Executive Compensation—Compensation Philosophy,” demonstrates that
our executive compensation program was designed appropriately and is working
to ensure management’s interests are aligned with our stockholders’
interests to support long-term value creation. Accordingly, we ask our
stockholders to vote “For” the following resolution at the Annual Meeting:

“RESOLVED, that the stockholders approve, on an advisory basis, the
compensation paid to our named executive officers, as disclosed in the proxy
statement for the Annual Meeting pursuant to the compensation disclosure
rules of the SEC, including the compensation discussion and analysis,
compensation tables and narrative discussion and other related disclosure.”
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    29    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
The approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named
executive officers, requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
voting power of the shares of our common stock present virtually or by proxy
at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to be approved.
Abstentions will have the effect of a vote against this proposal, and broker
non-votes will have no effect.

As an advisory vote, the result of this proposal is non-binding. Although
the vote is non-binding, our Board of Directors and our Compensation
Committee value the opinions of our stockholders and will consider the
outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for our named
executive officers.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” THE APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY
BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    30    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  PROPOSAL NO. 4                                                            
                                                                            
Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future Stockholder Advisory Votes on the
Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers

The Dodd-Frank Act and Section 14A of the Exchange Act enable our
stockholders to indicate their preference at least once every six years
regarding how frequently we should solicit a non-binding advisory vote on
the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in our proxy
statement. Accordingly, we are asking our stockholders to indicate whether
they would prefer an advisory vote every year, two years or three years.
Alternatively, stockholders may abstain from casting a vote.

After considering the benefits and consequences of each alternative, our
Board of Directors recommends that the advisory vote on the compensation of
our named executive officers be submitted to the stockholders every three
years. In formulating its recommendation, our Board of Directors considered
that, while our compensation program contains components that reward near-
term achievement, the primary component of our compensation to our named
executive officers is equity compensation, which reward long-term stock
price appreciation and align the incentives of our named executive officers
with the goal of long-term stockholder value creation. As such, our Board of
Directors believes it is most appropriate to hold an advisory vote on the
compensation of our named executive officers every three years so that
stockholders will be able to more effectively assess the long-term
effectiveness of our compensation program for named executive officers.
                                                                            
  Vote Required                                                             
                                                                            
The alternative among one year, two years or three years that receives the
highest number of votes cast at the Annual Meeting by stockholders entitled
to vote thereon will be deemed to be the frequency preferred by our
stockholders. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on this
proposal.

While our Board of Directors believes that its recommendation is appropriate
at this time, the stockholders are not voting to approve or disapprove that
recommendation, but are instead asked to indicate their preference, on an
advisory basis, as to whether non-binding future stockholder advisory votes
on the compensation of our named executive officers should be held every
year, two years, or three years.

As an advisory vote, the result of this proposal is non-binding. Although
the vote is non-binding, our Board of Directors and our Compensation
Committee value the opinions of our stockholders in this matter and, to the
extent there is any significant vote in favor of one time period over
another, will consider the outcome of this vote when making future decisions
regarding the frequency of holding future stockholder advisory votes on the
compensation of our named executive officers.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE TO HOLD FUTURE STOCKHOLDER ADVISORY
VOTES ON THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS EVERY “THREE
YEARS.”
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    31    AppLovin  
                                          
Executive Officers

The following table identifies certain information about our executive
officers as of March 31, 2023. Our executive officers are appointed by, and
serve at the discretion of, our Board of Directors. There are no family
relationships among any of our directors or executive officers.
                                                                            
  Name                   Age    Position                                    
  Adam Foroughi           42    Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson     
  Herald Chen             53    President, Chief Financial Officer, and     
                                Director                                    
  Katie Jansen            44    Chief Marketing Officer                     
  Vasily Shikin           38    Chief Technology Officer                    
  Victoria Valenzuela     49    Chief Legal Officer and Corporate           
                                Secretary                                   
                                                                            
For Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Chen’s biographies, see “Nominees for Director.”
                                                                            
  Katie Jansen.                                                             
                                                                            
Ms. Jansen has served as our Chief Marketing Officer since October 2012.
Prior to joining us, she served as Vice President of Marketing, Marketing
Director at PlayFirst, Inc., a publisher of casual games, from October 2009
to March 2012. She holds a B.S. in Psychology from California Polytechnic
State University, San Luis Obispo and an M.B.A. from San Francisco State
University.
                                                                            
  Vasily Shikin.                                                            
                                                                            
Mr. Shikin has served as our Chief Technology Officer since January 2020 and
prior to that served as our Vice President of Engineering since January
2012. Prior to joining us, from May 2008 to January 2012, he served as
Senior Software Engineer at DeviceAnywhere, Inc., a cloud-based platform for
testing and monitoring mobile websites and applications acquired by Keynote
Systems, Inc. Mr. Shikin holds a Masters in Mathematics from Saint-
Petersburg State University.
                                                                            
  Victoria Valenzuela.                                                      
                                                                            
Ms. Valenzuela has served as our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
since May 2020. Ms. Valenzuela joined us through our acquisition of Machine
Zone, Inc. where she served as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
from January 2015 to April 2020. From May 2004 to December 2014, she served
as General Counsel, Vice President, Legal Affairs, and Corporate Secretary
of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, a semiconductor company acquired by
Infineon Technologies AG. Prior to Cypress Semiconductor, she was a
corporate and technology attorney with Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison, LLP and
Clifford Chance LLP. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from California
State University, Fullerton and a J.D. from Stanford University Law School.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    32    AppLovin  
                                          
Executive Compensation
                                                                            
   Compensation Discussion and Analysis                                     
                                                                            
This Compensation Discussion and Analysis includes a discussion of
compensation for the following current executive officers during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, which we refer to as our named executive
officers (“NEOs”):

• Adam Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of our Board of
Directors;

• Herald Chen, our President, Chief Financial Officer and Director;

• Katie Jansen, our Chief Marketing Officer;

• Vasily Shikin, our Chief Technology Officer; and

• Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary.
                                                                            
  Executive Summary                                                         
                                                                            
Our mission is to help companies grow their apps and accelerate their
business. Our full stack software solution provides advanced tools for
mobile app developers to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing
the marketing and monetization of their apps. We also operate a portfolio of
owned mobile apps and accelerated our market penetration through an active
acquisition and partnership strategy. Our scaled business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong growth.

Our executive compensation program is heavily weighted in the form of equity
compensation that vests over time. The program is designed to attract,
retain and incentivize our leadership team who are critical to continuing to
execute on our mission, as well as driving stockholder value. As such, we
believe that our approach to executive compensation is aligned with that of
our stockholders.
                                                                            
  Compensation Philosophy                                                   
                                                                            
The overall objective of our executive compensation program is to attract,
retain and incentivize highly talented individuals that embody our mission.
We do this by designing programs that tie executive compensation to
individual performance, overall company performance and the interests of our
stockholders, with a particular focus on the longer-term elements of target
total compensation.

Since our initial public offering in April 2021, our compensation reflects a
continuing transition from private company compensation practices to those
we believe are best aligned with our public stockholders. Our executive
compensation is designed with a mix of short-term and long-term components,
with cash and equity elements in proportions that we believe provide
appropriate incentives to retain our executive officers and management team
and help to achieve success in our business. To that end, we believe that
heavily weighting executive compensation to equity compensation rather than
cash compensation ensures our management team’s strong alignment with our
stockholders. As such, we have not historically provided short-term cash
incentives based on our philosophy of aligning incentive compensation with
the creation of long-term stockholder value. We also believe that our
equity-heavy pay mix maintains an entrepreneurial spirit among our
employees, which we believe helps make us a more agile, responsive, and
efficient enterprise.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    33    AppLovin  
                                          
As a newly public company, our Compensation Committee also considers the
fact that our equity compensation granting practices while a private company
did not have a cadence of annual equity grants to our key executives,
including our NEOs. The result of this is that during 2022 we had many
executives with significant vested equity holdings and a disproportionately
smaller amount of unvested equity compensation--in fact, our CEO had not
received any equity compensation grants since 2011 and, until he received
grants in 2023 did not have any unvested equity.

An overarching objective of the Company and the Compensation Committee is to
ensure that our pay programs have a benefit to stockholders that outweigh
the cost of our pay programs. To that end, the Compensation Committee and
the Company’s NEOs frequently assess the compensation-related equity burn
rate and actual dilution relative to our compensation peers and other
technology or industry “disruptor” companies that recently went public.
These burn rate and actual dilution assessments are an integral part of our
compensation decision-making process.

So that we can attract and retain the right talent, our executive
compensation program seeks to:

• Attract top talent that will allow us to execute on our current plans and
scale our growing business;

• Retain and reward talented executives, who possess proven experience,
knowledge, expertise, and leadership skills;

• Incentivize our executive officers by giving them a stake in our growth
and prosperity, which encourages our executive officers to behave like
owners and focus on long-term value creation for the Company; and

• Align the interests of stockholders and NEOs without creating an incentive
for inappropriate risk-taking.

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to attract
and retain highly skilled executives. In particular, we believe the
leadership provided by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology
Officer are critical for such future success and our Compensation Committee
assessed their retention as part of its compensation review in 2022 and
2023.
                                                                            
  Executive Compensation Policies and Practices                             
                                                                            
We endeavor to maintain compensation policies and practices that are
consistent with sound governance standards. We believe it is important to
provide competitive compensation packages and a high-quality work
environment in order to hire, retain and incentivize critical talent. We
seek to ensure that our executive compensation program is consistent with
our short-term and long-term goals given the nature of the market in which
we compete for key talent. We believe our executive compensation plan being
heavily weighted to equity-based compensation, rather than cash salaries and
cash bonuses, provides attractive and competitive compensation to our
executives as well as aligns them with our stockholders. The following
policies and practices were in effect during 2022:
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  No Special Benefits.                                                      
                                                                            
The members of our executive team are eligible to participate in broad-based
company-sponsored retirement, health and welfare benefits programs on the
same basis as our other full-time, salaried employees, and we provide no
special benefits to them.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  No “Golden Parachute” Tax Reimbursements.                                 
                                                                            
We do not provide any tax reimbursement payments (including “gross-ups”) on
any tax liability that our executive officers might owe as a result of the
application of Sections 280G or 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the “Code”).
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    34    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Hedging and Pledging Restrictions.                                        
                                                                            
Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our employees, including our executive
officers and the members of our Board of Directors, from hedging any company
securities and from pledging more than 10% of any company securities as
collateral for a loan.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Peer Data Reviewed.                                                       
                                                                            
Our Compensation Committee works with an independent compensation consultant
to complete an annual assessment of the Company’s executive compensation
programs relative to peer companies. Our Compensation Committee considers
this information along with the Company’s long and short term goals to
determine if any changes are needed to the Company’s executive compensation.
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Non-Management Compensation Committee.                                    
                                                                            
Our Compensation Committee, who is responsible for the design and review our
Company’s executive compensation program, is comprised entirely of non-
management directors. Further, our Compensation Committee has access to and
regularly works with independent compensation consultants that it selects.
                                                                            
  Our Compensation-Setting Process                                          
                                                                            
For 2022, our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee reviewed our
executive compensation program and related policies and practices. In
determining the compensation of the members of our executive team for 2022,
including our NEOs, our Compensation Committee considered the prior and
existing compensation arrangements, including base salary and equity
incentives. The Compensation Committee also considered the overall strategic
business plan and our retention needs, particularly in light of the
instability caused by macroeconomic factors impacting our equity value and
that of many peer technology companies. In 2022, factors we considered in
making our executive compensation decisions included, but were not limited
to, input from Mr. Foroughi, past individual performance and expected future
performance, vesting status and value of existing equity incentives, the
criticality of individuals to our future business success, the burn rate and
accounting impact of the compensation awards, and internal pay equity
relative to the impact on business and performance. To further assess the
competitiveness of our executive compensation program, our Compensation
Committee engaged an independent compensation consultant and reviewed the
compensation of each of our executives against market data as well as the
compensation programs at similar companies.
                                                                            
  Use of Independent Compensation Consultant                                
                                                                            
The Compensation Committee has authority to appoint and retain a
compensation consultant. The fees for services rendered by the compensation
consultant are paid by the Company. For 2022, our Compensation Committee
initially engaged Radford and then Semler Brossy as its independent
compensation consultants (collectively, “Compensation Consultant”) to advise
on executive compensation matters including: overall compensation program
design, peer group development and updates, and collecting market data to
inform our compensation programs for our executives and members of our Board
of Directors. We develop our compensation programs after reviewing publicly
available compensation data. The Compensation Consultant advised the
Compensation Committee on all of the principal aspects of executive
compensation. The Compensation Consultant attends meetings of the
Compensation Committee when requested to do so and reports directly to our
Compensation Committee and not to management, although it meets with
management for purposes of gathering information for its analyses and
recommendations. Our Compensation Committee has assessed the independence of
each of Radford and Semler Brossy consistent with Nasdaq listing standards
and has concluded that the engagement of each of Radford and Semler Brossy
does not raise any conflict of interest.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    35    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Use of a Peer Group                                                       
                                                                            
The Compensation Committee approves a peer group of companies as a reference
group to provide a broad perspective on competitive pay levels and
practices. The peers are reviewed on an annual basis in light of the fast-
moving changes at AppLovin and in our industry. We undertake this review
with the assistance and recommendations of the Compensation Consultant.

In August 2021, the Compensation Committee approved a peer group for use in
making 2022 compensation decisions. The Compensation Committee used the
following criteria in determining the appropriate peers:
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Industry / Sector –                                                       
                                                                            
Publicly-traded technology companies, with a focus on digital media
platforms and secondary focus on internet and software;
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Revenue –                                                                 
                                                                            
between $1 billion to $5 billion; and
                                                                            
  •                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Market Capitalization –                                                   
                                                                            
between $10 billion and $90 billion.
                                                                            
  2022 Peer Group                                                           
                                                                            
Based on these criteria and considerations, our peer group for compensation
analyses and decisions made between August 10, 2021 and November 6, 2022, as
approved by our Compensation Committee, consisted of the following
companies:
                                                                   
  Akamai Technologies    Fortinet              Synopsys            
  ANSYS                  GoodRx                VeriSign            
  CrowdStrike            Okta                  Warner Music Group  
  DocuSign               Palo Alto Networks    Workday             
  Dolby Laboratories     Proofpoint            Zillow Group        
  Dropbox                RingCentral                               
  Fair Isaac             Splunk                                    
                                                                   
In November 2022, the Compensation Committee reviewed the peer criteria and
further considered other publicly-traded companies based on revenue, market
capitalization and reflecting AppLovin’s technology business. The
Compensation Committee approved the following amended peer group companies
for compensation discussions and decisions made on and after November 7,
2022:
                                                               
  Akamai Technologies    GoodRx                Splunk          
  ANSYS                  HubSpot               Synopsys        
  CrowdStrike            MongoDB               The Trade Desk  
  Docusign               Okta                  VeriSign        
  Dropbox                Palo Alto Networks    Workday         
  Fortinet               RingCentral           Zillow Group    
                                                               
The Compensation Committee considers competitive compensation data from an
annual total compensation study of selected peer companies and relevant
survey sources to inform its decisions about overall compensation
opportunities and specific compensation elements. However, the Committee
uses our compensation peer group as
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    36    AppLovin  
                                          
one data point when considering executive pay packages. In addition, our
compensation decisions are based on the consideration of many factors,
including, but not limited to, individual and company performance, market
data, internal equity, experience, and strategic needs.
                                                                            
  Elements of Executive Pay and 2022 Compensation                           
                                                                            
Our executive compensation program for 2022 consisted of the following
principal compensation elements:

• base salary; and

• short-term and long-term incentive compensation in the form of equity
incentives.

We are committed to providing appropriate cash and equity incentives to
compensate our NEOs in a manner that our Board of Directors and Compensation
Committee determine is reasonable and appropriate to hire, incentivize, and
retain key talent.
                                                                            
  Base Salary                                                               
                                                                            
Base salary is a customary, fixed element of compensation intended to
attract and retain our NEOs and compensate them for their day-to-day
efforts. Base salaries are reviewed periodically, including at the time of a
promotion or other change in responsibilities. We believe equity
compensation is a more important motivator to our senior executives and
therefore the base salaries are generally consistent and capped at $400,000.

The following table sets forth the 2022 base salary for each of our named
executive officers:
                                           
  Name                   2022 Base Salary  
                                      ($)  
  Adam Foroughi                100,000(1)  
  Herald Chen                     400,000  
  Katie Jansen                    400,000  
  Vasily Shikin                   400,000  
  Victoria Valenzuela             400,000  
                                           
1. At the time of our initial public offering (“IPO”) and at Mr. Foroughi’s
request, the Company reduced his base salary to $100,000. Effective as of
January 1, 2023, Mr. Foroughi’s base salary was increased to $400,000,
consistent with the Company’s other executives.
                                                                            
  Equity Compensation                                                       
                                                                            
Consistent with our compensation objectives, we believe that equity awards
balance the interests of our executive team and our stockholders, ensure our
ability to attract and reward our top talent, and foster an entrepreneurial
culture that drives efficiency and agility. In 2022, our Compensation
Committee, together with its Compensation Consultant, engaged in a market
review of the equity compensation of our named executive officers to
consider additional awards to acknowledge their significant contributions in
fiscal year 2022 and deliver equity incentive compensation opportunities to
our NEOs (particularly given that we do not have an executive cash bonus
program). While no awards of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) were granted to
our NEOs in 2022, on February 3, 2023, one-year RSU grants were made to Mr.
Foroughi, Mr. Shikin, Ms. Jansen and Ms. Valenzuela. The combination of
these awards and their cash compensation pay our NEOs within market levels
of compensation when measured against our peer group and other technology
companies that recently went public. Generally, we intend to grant annual
equity awards that are competitive with comparable roles in the technology
sector and reflective of company and individual performance, leadership
contribution, and criticality of the role in our company. Our annual RSU
awards vest over 1-
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    37    AppLovin  
                                          
year from the date of grant. We believe this is appropriate for an annual
grant cycle, and that rewarding work and participation in future awards
encourages retention rather than multi-year vesting of annual awards. We
determined that RSU grants vesting over one year, rather than larger grants
intended to vest over longer periods, were appropriate in light of the
uncertain economic environment because they would provide us with greater
ability to deliver intended value during the period after grant.

During the last two quarters of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and
the first quarter of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, our
Compensation Committee and Board of Directors considered implementing a
performance-based equity award program to provide meaningful incentives to
certain NEOs and other key employees linked to long-term stockholder value
value and an opportunity to earn significant compensation should the value
of our stock increase significantly. In designing this program, our
Compensation Committee set stock price goals requiring meaningful
appreciation in the trading price of our Class A common stock over a
sustained period of time before any portion of the incentives is earned,
therefore linking the creation of stockholder value to the earned
incentives. On March 13, 2023 (the “grant date”), our Board of Directors,
upon the recommendation of our Compensation Committee, granted awards of
performance-based restricted stock units (“PSUs”), under our 2021 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”), to Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin, with no
portion of these PSUs eligible to vest until our stock price has appreciated
close to 300%. Our CEO, in consultation with the Compensation Committee
Chair, may grant awards to other non-officer employees under the same PSU
program. These non-officer participants are typically in product-facing
roles and thus have line-of-sight and operational authority over product
generation and sales that will drive our stock price performance in the
near- and mid-term. Each of Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin received 6,902,000
PSUs which will vest upon the achievement of certain stock price goals, as
described below. Other non-officer employees that are critical to our future
growth will also be eligible to participate in the program at a
substantially lower participation rate.

In addition, our Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of our
Compensation Committee, approved the grant of awards of restricted stock
units covering 520,472 shares of our Class A common stock under the 2021
Plan to each of Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin. These awards vest in full on
February 20, 2024, subject to the recipient’s continued role as a service
provider to us through such date.

Our Compensation Committee, in consultation with its independent
compensation consultant, Semler Brossy, considered many factors when
determining it was in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders
to establish a long-term incentive program tied to our stock price and the
structure of this recommended program. These factors included the percentage
ownership in the Company and value of such ownership of Mr. Foroughi and Mr.
Shikin, and the amount of their ownership interests unvested at the time of
grant as compared to the amount of vested ownership; market data for
similarly situated executives at comparable companies with an emphasis on
the ownership percentage and equity value of founder chief executive
officers and chief technology officers; the past and expected future
contributions to the Company of Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin; including the
criticality of these participants to the future success of the business and
delivery of value to stockholders; and our Board of Directors’ desire to
provide meaningful incentives for Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin to continue
serving in their respective positions and driving the growth of the
business. In particular, the Compensation Committee and Board of Director
believe that Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin are critical to leading the Company
through the current turbulent macroeconomic environment and ever-
transforming digital advertising space. Each of Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin
have been instrumental in our growth to-date, and each possess deep industry
expertise and an entrepreneurial spirit that we believe are competitive
advantages.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    38    AppLovin  
                                          
Our Board of Directors intends for these PSUs to be the exclusive
performance-based equity awards that Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin receive for
the next four years, unless there are unexpected changes in Company’s
business or other unforeseen factors that our Board of Directors or our
Compensation Committee determine would make it in the best interest of the
Company and its stockholders to grant additional equity award(s) to them.
Mr. Foroughi and Mr. Shikin will continue to be eligible for time-based
equity awards during this period.

Our Board of Directors believed it was important for the PSUs to vest only
if the Company achieves significantly higher stock price milestones, which
if achieved, would allow our other stockholders to benefit from the
increases in our stock price — no PSUs will be earned unless there is close
to a 3x appreciation from the closing price on the grant date. To further
align Mr. Foroughi’s economic interests with our stockholders’ interests,
Mr. Foroughi will be required to hold a minimum of 6,902,000 shares of our
Class A and Class B common stock (equal to 100% of the number of PSUs
awarded to him) for a period of five years from the grant date, regardless
of whether or not any PSUs are actually earned. Mr. Shikin must hold any
after-tax shares that are issued pursuant to any PSUs that are earned for at
least one year following the date that such shares are issued; provided,
however, that this holding period requirement will end upon a change in
control and will automatically cease upon termination of service for reasons
other than a termination by the Company for “cause” or resignation without
“good reason,” as such terms are defined in our Executive Change in Control
and Severance Plan.

The PSUs are eligible to vest based on our stock price performance over a
performance period beginning on the first trading day following the grant
date and ending on the fifth anniversary of the grant date. Each
individual’s award of PSUs is divided into five equal tranches that are
eligible to vest based on the achievement of stock price targets, which are
measured based on the minimum closing price of our Class A common stock over
a consecutive 30 trading day period during the performance period as set
forth below. This measurement period was designed to reward Mr. Foroughi and
Mr. Shikin only if the Company achieves rigorous stock price hurdles and
sustains them for at least 30 consecutive days. The first stock price target
(the “threshold price”) is $36.00 per share, or nearly 3x our closing stock
price of $12.41 on the date of grant. Each subsequent tranche stock price
target increases by $10.75, making the four additional stock price targets
$46.75, $57.50, $68.25 and $79.00. Each subsequent stock price target above
the threshold price is intended to represent an incremental increase of
approximately $4 billion in market capitalization.

The following table presents how many PSUs would be eligible to vest per
stock price target achieved for each of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Shikin and the
non-officer employee participants (in aggregate):
                                                                            
                     PSUs Eligible to                                       
                                 Vest                                       
  Company Stock                                                 Additional  
  Price Target          Adam Foroughi    Vasily Shikin        Participants  
  ($)                                                       (in aggregate)  
  36.00                     1,380,400        1,380,400             690,200  
  46.75                     1,380,400        1,380,400             690,200  
  57.50                     1,380,400        1,380,400             690,200  
  68.25                     1,380,400        1,380,400             690,200  
  79.00                     1,380,400        1,380,400             690,200  
  Total                     6,902,000        6,902,000           3,451,000  
                                                                            
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    39    AppLovin  
                                          
If the closing price of our Class A common stock fails to reach the
threshold price over a consecutive 30 trading day period during the
performance period, or if an individual terminates service to the Company
during a period where the closing price of our Class A common stock is above
the threshold price but has not yet fulfilled the consecutive 30 trading day
period, no portion of the PSUs shall vest. The stock price targets and
number of shares of our Class A common stock underlying the PSUs will be
adjusted to reflect any stock splits, stock dividends, combinations,
reorganizations, reclassifications, or similar event under the 2021 Plan.

In the event of a change in control of the Company following the grant date
but before the end of the performance period, the PSUs may be eligible to
vest in additional amounts if the per share transaction price in the change
in control is above the threshold price but below an additional stock price
target(s) that has not previously been achieved, in which case the
additional amount of PSUs will vest immediately prior to the closing of the
change in control.

In the event of termination of employment for “cause” or resignation without
“good reason” (each as defined in their PSU agreement), any portion of a
participant’s PSUs for which a stock price target has not been achieved will
immediately terminate and be forfeited to the Company. For each of Mr.
Foroughi and Mr. Shikin, in the event of termination without “cause”,
resignation for “good reason”, or termination upon death or disability, any
unvested PSUs will remain outstanding and eligible to vest if a stock price
target is achieved within twelve months of the date of separation.

Each vested PSU will be settled in a share of our Class A common stock on
the next company quarterly vesting date occurring on or after the date on
which the PSU vests. To the extent required by law or the rules of the stock
exchange upon which our Class A common stock is listed, our clawback policy
will apply to all awards.
                                                                            
  Benefits                                                                  
                                                                            
Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in the same
benefits programs offered to all employees. We maintain a tax-qualified
401(k) retirement plan that provides eligible U.S. employees with an
opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis, subject to
limitations established by the tax laws. The company matches 100% of the
first 1% of employee contributions and up to 50% on the next 5% of employee
contributions, up to a maximum of 3.5% of the employee’s annual income. Our
company match is fully vested as of each contribution date. The 401(k) plan
is intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(a) with the 401(k) plan’s
related trust intended to be tax exempt under Code Section 501(a). As a tax-
qualified retirement plan, contributions to the 401(k) plan and earnings on
those contributions are not taxable to the employees until distributed from
the 401(k) plan. Our named executive officers are permitted to participate
in the same health and welfare plans as other U.S. employees, including
medical, dental, and vision plans, as well as our employee stock purchase
plan.
                                                                            
  Other Compensation Information                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Accounting Considerations                                                 
                                                                            
We take financial reporting implications into consideration in designing
compensation plans and arrangements for the members of our executive team,
other employees and members of our Board of Directors. These accounting
considerations include Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 718 (“ASC Topic 718”), the standard which
governs the accounting treatment of stock-based compensation awards.
                                                                            
  Tax Considerations                                                        
                                                                            
We do not provide any of our named executive officers with a gross-up or
other reimbursement for tax amounts the individual might pay pursuant to
Code Sections 280G, 4999 or 409A. Code Sections 280G and 4999 provide that
named executive officers, directors who hold significant stockholder
interests and certain other service providers
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    40    AppLovin  
                                          
could be subject to significant additional taxes if they receive payments or
benefits in connection with a change in control of our company that exceeds
certain limits, and that we or our successor could lose a deduction on the
amounts subject to the additional tax. Code Section 409A also imposes
significant taxes on the individual in the event that an executive officer,
director or other service provider receives “deferred compensation” that
does not meet the requirements of Code Section 409A.

Under Code Section 162(m), we are subject to limits on the deductibility of
executive compensation. Deductible compensation is limited to $1 million per
year for the CEO and certain of our current and former highly compensated
executive officers (collectively “covered employees”). While we cannot
predict how the deductibility limit may impact our compensation program in
future years, we intend to maintain an approach to executive compensation
that strongly links pay to performance. In addition, although we have not
adopted a formal policy regarding tax deductibility of compensation paid to
our named executive officers, the Board of Directors may consider tax
deductibility under Code Section 162(m) as a factor in its compensation
decisions.
                                                                            
  Hedging and Pledging Policies                                             
                                                                            
We have established an Insider Trading Policy, which, among other things,
prohibits short sales, engaging in transactions in publicly-traded options
(such as puts and calls) and other derivative securities relating to our
common stock. This prohibition extends to any hedging or similar transaction
designed to decrease the risks associated with holding our securities. In
addition, our named executive officers are prohibited from holding any of
our securities in a margin account and from pledging more than 10% of the
outstanding Class A common stock (or Class B common stock convertible into
Class A common stock) held by such individual as collateral for a loan.
                                                                            
  Employment Arrangements                                                   
                                                                            
We have entered into employment letters with each of our executive officers.
Each of these arrangements was approved by the Compensation Committee or our
Board of Directors.

In filling each of our executive positions, our Board of Directors or the
Compensation Committee, as applicable, recognized that we would need to
develop competitive compensation packages to attract qualified candidates in
a dynamic labor market. At the same time, our Board of Directors and the
Compensation Committee were sensitive to the need to integrate new executive
officers into the executive compensation structure, balancing both
competitive and internal equity considerations.

Each of our employment arrangements provides for “at will” employment
(meaning that either we or the executive officer may terminate the
employment relationship at any time with or without cause) and sets forth
the initial compensation arrangements for the executive officer, including
an initial base salary, participation in our employee benefit programs, an
equity award recommendation, and, in some cases, sign-on bonuses and
reimbursement or payment of relocation expenses. These employment
arrangements also prohibit the executive officer from engaging directly or
indirectly in competition with us during their employment, diverting our
customers to a competitor, or disclosing our confidential information or
business practices, and recruiting or soliciting any of our employees for a
period after their employment.

Our named executive officers are also eligible to enter into change in
control and severance agreements with the company. These post-employment
compensation terms are discussed in “Post-Employment Compensation” below.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    41    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Post-Employment Compensation                                              
                                                                            
We have entered into change in control and severance agreements with each of
our executive officers, including each of our named executive officers.
These agreements provide these individuals with certain protection in the
event of their termination of employment under specified circumstances,
including following a change in control of the company.

We believe that these protections were necessary to induce these individuals
to accept a demanding position with the company and help retain them. These
arrangements provide reasonable compensation to an executive officer if they
leave our employ under certain circumstances to facilitate transition to new
employment. Further, in some instances, we seek to mitigate any potential
employer liability and avoid future disputes or litigation by requiring a
departing executive officer to sign a separation and release agreement as a
condition to receiving post-employment compensation payments or benefits. We
also believe that these arrangements help maintain our executive officers’
continued focus and dedication to their assigned duties to maximize
stockholder value if there is a potential transaction that could involve a
change in control of the company. The terms and conditions were approved by
our Board of Directors after an analysis of competitive market data provided
by our independent compensation consultant.
                                                                            
  Compensation Committee Report                                             
                                                                            
The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis provided above. Based on such review
and discussions, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board of
Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this
proxy statement and the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022.

Respectfully submitted by the members of the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors:
                                                                            
  Edward Oberwager (Chair)                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Craig Billings                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Asha Sharma                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Compensation Risk Assessment                                              
                                                                            
We have undertaken a risk review of our employee compensation plans and
arrangements in which our employees (including our executive officers)
participate, to determine whether these plans and arrangements have any
features that might create undue risks or encourage unnecessary and
excessive risk-taking that could threaten stockholder value. In our review,
we considered numerous factors and design elements that manage and mitigate
risk, and based on our review, we concluded that any potential risks arising
from our employee compensation programs, including our executive programs,
are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    42    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2022                           
                                                                            
The amounts below represent the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid
to our named executive officers for the years shown.
                                                                            
  …                                                   N…    …               
  …                …        …    O…       S…          I…    …           T…  
  …    …           …        …    A…       A…          P…    …           (…  
  …                              (…       (…          C…    …               
                                                      (…                    
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …    …           …        —        —        —        —    …        …      
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       1…       —        —        —        —       4…       1…           
  …       4…       —        —        —        —       9…       4…           
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …    …           …        —        —        —        —    …        …      
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       4…       —        —        —        —       1…       4…           
  …       4…       —        —        —        —       7…       4…           
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …    …           …        —        —        —        —    …        …      
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       4…       —        —        …        —       1…       1…           
  …    …        —       5…       —        1…       …        …               
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …    …           …        —        —        —        —    …        …      
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       4…       —        —        …        —       1…       3…           
  …       4…       —        —        —        —       9…       4…           
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …    …           …        —        —        —        —    …        …      
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       4…       …        —        …        —       1…    …               
  …    …           …    2…           —        —    …        …               
                                                                            
1. Amounts shown do not reflect compensation actually received, and there
can be no assurance that these amounts will ever be realized. Instead, the
amount shown is the grant date fair value of the awards computed in
accordance with ASC Topic 718 — Compensation — Stock Compensation (“ASC
Topic 718”), disregarding forfeiture assumptions. Information regarding the
assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options is set forth in
Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K. For RSUs, the grant date fair value of the RSU awards
was calculated based on the closing price of our Class A common stock on the
grant date, May 4, 2021, of $58.55 per share.

2. For 2022, all other compensation for each named executive officer
reflects (i) an $1,800 work-from-home cash stipend paid to all employees and
(ii) amounts paid in connection with 401(k) Company matching.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    43    AppLovin  
                                          
Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table
                                                                            
  Executive Employment Agreements                                           
                                                                            
We have entered into employment letters setting forth the terms and
conditions of employment for each of our named executive officers. No
employment letter has a specific term and each provides that the named
executive officer is an at-will employee.
                                                                            
  Grants of Plan-Based Awards in 2022                                       
                                                                            
No plan-based awards were granted to our named executive officers during the
year ended December 31, 2022.
                                                                            
  Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Year-End                                
                                                                            
The following table sets forth information relating to outstanding equity
awards held by our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022.
                                                                            
  Name    Grant    Opti…                                         Sto…       
          Date     Awar…                                         Awa…       
                                                        Mark…               
                                        Numb…           value               
                                        of              of                  
  Num…    Numb…                         shar…           shar…               
  of      of       Opti…                or              or                  
  Sha…    Shar…    Exer…    Opti…       units           units               
  Und…    Unde…    Price    Expi…       of              of                  
  Une…    Unex…    ($)(…     Date       stock           stock               
  Opt…    Opti…                         that            that                
  Exe…    Unex…                         have            have                
                                        not             not                 
                                        vest…           vest…               
                                                        ($)(…               
  Adam    —        —            —                  —    —           —    —  
  For…                                                                      
  Her…    11/5…    2,28…        —               5.05    11/4…       —    —  
  Chen                                                                      
  Kat…    11/1…    75,0…        —              19.52    11/1…       —    —  
  Jan…                                                                      
  5/4…    —        —               —    —               112,…    1,1…       
  1/2…    —        —               —    —               6,24…    65,…       
  Vas…    12/1…    410,…    150,…               5.05    12/1…       —    —  
  Shi…                                                                      
  5/4…    —        —               —    —               375,…    3,9…       
  1/2…    —        —               —    —               6,24…    65,…       
  Vic…    5/19…    187,…        —               7.45    5/18…       —    —  
  Val…                                                                      
  5/4…    —        —               —    —               75,0…    789…       
  5/1…    —        —               —    —               78,1…    822…       
                                                                            
1. This column represents the option exercise price per share of our Class A
common stock on the grant date, as determined by our Board of Directors.

2. The closing price of our Class A common stock on December 30, 2022 was
$10.53.

3. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately
exercisable. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr. Chen’s
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares
on November 4, 2020 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly
thereafter.

4. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately
exercisable. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares
on November 13, 2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly
thereafter.

5. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting conditions are
satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service provider to
us, as to 2/5ths of the total shares on November 20, 2022 with 1/20th of the
total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    44    AppLovin  
                                          
6. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 300,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on January 1, 2020 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.

7. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject to Mr. Shikin’s
continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares
on December 1, 2019 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly
thereafter.

8. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting conditions are
satisfied, subject to Mr. Shikin’s continued role as a service provider to
us, as to 2/5ths of the total shares on November 20, 2022 with 1/20th of the
total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.

9. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 300,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Mr. Shikin’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on January 1, 2020 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.

10. This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately
exercisable. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject to Ms.
Valenzuela’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the
total shares on May 19, 2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly
thereafter.

11. These shares are subject to an RSU for which the vesting conditions are
satisfied, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s continued role as a service provider
to us, as to 2/5ths of the total shares on November 20, 2022 with 1/20th of
the total shares vesting quarterly thereafter.

12. Reflects shares acquired upon the early-exercise of options that remain
subject to vesting conditions and forfeiture. The option award is for a
total of 750,000 shares. The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to
Ms. Valenzuela’s continued role as a service provider to us, as to 1/4th of
the total shares on May 19, 2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting
monthly thereafter.
                                                                            
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested in 2022                                 
                                                                            
The following table shows the stock awards vested, and value realized upon
vesting, by our named executive officers during fiscal 2022.
                                                                            
  Name         Option                                 Stock                 
               Awards                                Awards                 
  Number        Value                 Number          Value                 
  of         Realized                 of           Realized                 
  Shares           on                 Shares             on                 
  Acquir…    Exercis…                 Acquired    Vesting(…                 
  on                $                 on                  $                 
  Exerci…                             Vesting                               
  Adam              —            —                        —              —  
  Foroug…                                                                   
  Herald       19,800    93,258                           —              —  
  Chen                                                                      
  Katie             —            —                  189,376    5,234,2…     
  Jansen                                                                    
  Vasily            —            —                  328,750    6,808,7…     
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victor…           —            —                  237,502    6,041,2…     
  Valenz…                                                                   
                                                                            
1. Based on the market price of our Class A common stock on the date of
exercise less the option exercise price paid for the shares, multiplied by
the number of shares for which the option was exercised.

2. Based on the market price of our Class A common stock on the vesting
date, multiplied by the number of shares vested. Stock awards vesting
represent either the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units, or
early-exercised options as the repurchase right lapses.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    45    AppLovin  
                                          
Potential Payments on Termination or Change in Control
                                                                            
  Change in Control and Severance Agreements                                
                                                                            
In March 2021, our Board of Directors adopted an Executive Change in Control
and Severance Plan (the “Executive Severance Plan”) pursuant to which our
executive officers and certain other key employees are eligible to receive
severance benefits, as specified in and subject to the employee signing a
participation agreement under our Executive Severance Plan. This Executive
Severance Plan was developed with input from our independent compensation
consultant at the time, Radford (Aon plc), regarding severance practices at
comparable companies. The Executive Severance Plan is designed to attract,
retain, and reward senior level employees. The Executive Severance Plan
generally is in lieu of any other severance payments and benefits to which
such key employee was entitled prior to signing the participation agreement,
except as specifically provided under that employee’s participation
agreement under the Executive Severance Plan.

Our Board of Directors has designated each of our executive officers as a
participant under our Executive Severance Plan eligible for the rights to
the applicable payments and benefits described below.

In the event of a “termination” of the employment of a named executive
officer by us for a reason other than “cause” or the named executive
officer’s death or “disability” (as such terms are defined in our Executive
Severance Plan), that occurs outside the change in control period (as
described below), the named executive officer will be entitled to the
following payments and benefits:

• a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named executive officer’s
annual base salary, or 18 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi; and

• reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of reimbursement, equal
to the premium cost of continued health coverage under the Consolidated
Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 as amended (“COBRA”) for a period of 12
months, or 18 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi.

In the event of a “termination” of the employment by us for a reason other
than “cause” or the named executive officer’s death or “disability” or by
the named executive officer for “good reason” (as such terms are defined in
our Executive Severance Plan), in either case, occurring within a period
beginning 3 months prior to and ending 12 months following a “change in
control” (as defined in our Executive Severance Plan) (such period, the
change in control period), the named executive officer will be entitled to
the following payments and benefits:

• a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named executive officer’s
annual base salary, or 24 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi;

• reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of reimbursement, equal
to the premium cost of continued health coverage under COBRA for a period of
18 months, 24 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi; and

• 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards, and, with
respect to equity awards with performance-based vesting, all performance
goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at 100% of target
levels for the relevant performance period(s).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Mr. Chen, if his employment is
involuntarily terminated without “cause“ or he resigns for “good reason”
within the twelve months following a “change of control” (as such terms are
defined in his participation agreement), then he will automatically vest in
100% of the option award granted to him on November 5, 2019.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    46    AppLovin  
                                          
In addition, in the case of Mr. Chen, upon an “acquisition” (as such term is
defined in his participation agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of his
stock option granted to him on November 5, 2019 (the “Original Option”) will
become vested.

The receipt of the payments and benefits provided for under the Executive
Severance Plan described above is conditioned on the named executive officer
signing and not revoking a separation and release of claims agreement and
such release becoming effective and irrevocable no later than the 60th day
following the named executive officer’s involuntary termination of
employment, as well as compliance with certain non-disparagement provisions
and continued compliance with any confidentiality, proprietary information,
and inventions agreement applicable to the named executive officer.

In addition, if any of the payments or benefits provided for under the
Executive Severance Plan or otherwise payable to a named executive officer
would constitute “parachute payments” within the meaning of Section 280G of
the Code and could be subject to the related excise tax, the named executive
officer will receive either full payment of such payments and benefits or
such lesser amount that would result in no portion of the payments and
benefits being subject to the excise tax, whichever results in the greater
amount of after-tax benefits to them. Except as discussed above, the
Executive Severance Plan does not require us to provide any tax gross-up
payments to the named executive officers.

The following tables sets forth the potential payments that would have been
provided to each of our named executive officers under each of the
circumstances specified below if he or she had terminated employment with us
effective December 31, 2022.

Amount of Payments Upon Termination at 2022 Year-End

The following tables sets forth the potential payments that would have been
provided to each of our named executive officers under each of the
circumstances specified below if he or she had terminated employment with us
effective December 31, 2022.
                                                                            
             Termina…                                                       
              Outside                                                       
                   of                                                       
               Change                                                       
                   in                                                       
              Control                                                       
               Period                                                       
                  ($)                                                       
                                               Acceler…                     
               Annual                          of                           
  Name           Base       COBRA              Vesting               Total  
             Salary(…    Premium…              of                           
                                               Equity                       
                                               Awards                       
  Adam        150,000      45,976              —            195,976         
  Foroug…                                                                   
  Herald      400,000      30,651    3,014,0…              3,444,6…         
  Chen(3)                                                                   
  Katie       400,000      30,651              —            430,651         
  Jansen                                                                    
  Vasily      400,000      23,813              —            423,813         
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victor…     400,000      30,651              —            430,651         
  Valenz…                                                                   
                                                                            
1. Based on a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named executive
officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi

2. Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health coverage under
COBRA for a period of 12 months, or 18 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi.
Amounts in the table are based on estimated premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for the 12 or 18 months beginning January 2023.

3. Upon an “acquisition” (as such term is defined in his participation
agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of the Original Option will become
vested.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    47    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
               Terminati…                                                   
                   within                                                   
                Change in                                                   
                  Control                                                   
               Period ($)                                                   
                                            Accelerat…                      
                   Annual          COBRA    of Vesting                      
  Name               Base    Premiums(2)            of               Total  
                Salary(1)                       Equity                      
                                             Awards(3)                      
  Adam            200,000         61,301             —      261,301         
  Foroughi                                                                  
  Herald          600,000         45,976     6,028,005    6,673,981         
  Chen(4)                                                                   
  Katie           600,000         45,976     1,184,625    1,830,601         
  Jansen                                                                    
  Vasily          600,000         35,719     4,770,750    5,406,469         
  Shikin                                                                    
  Victoria        600,000         45,976     1,366,625    2,012,601         
  Valenzue…                                                                 
                                                                            
1. Based on a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named executive
officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi.

2. Based on a reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of
reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health coverage under
COBRA for a period of 18 months, 24 months in the case of Mr. Foroughi.
Amounts in the table are based on estimated premium cost of continued health
coverage under COBRA for the 18 or 24 months beginning January 2023.

3. Based on 100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards, and,
with respect to equity awards with performance-based vesting, all
performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at 100%
of target levels for the relevant performance period(s).

4. If Mr. Chen’s employment is involuntarily terminated without “cause“ or
he resigns for “good reason” within the twelve months following a “change of
control” (as such terms are defined in his participation agreement), then he
will automatically vest in 100% of the option award granted to him on
November 5, 2019. In addition, upon an “acquisition” (as such term is
defined in his participation agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of the
Original Option will become vested.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    48    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Pay Versus Performance                                                    
                                                                            
Under rules adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act (PVP Rules), we are
required to disclose certain information about the relationship between the
compensation actually paid to our named executive officers and certain
measures of company performance. The material that follows is provided in
compliance with the PVP rules. Additional information regarding our
compensation philosophy, the structure of our performance-based compensation
programs, and compensation decisions made this year is described above in
our “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”.

The following table provides information regarding compensation actually
paid to our principal executive officer (PEO), and other named executive
officers (non-PEO NEOs) for each year from 2021 to 2022, compared to our
total shareholder return (TSR) and an index of peer companies from April 15,
2021 through the end of each such year and our net income for each such
year. April 15, 2021 is the first day our common stock began trading on the
Nasdaq Exchange.
                                                                            
                           Ave…    Aver…    Val…                            
          Sum…    Comp…    Sum…    Comp…      of                            
          Com…    Actu…    Com…    Actu…    Ini…              Net           
  Year    Tab…     Paid    Tab…     Paid    Fix…             Inc…    Comp…  
  (a)     Tot…       to    Tot…       to    $100             ($M)    Meas…  
           for      PEO     for    Non-…    Inv…             (h)…    (i)(…  
           PEO    (c)(…    Non…     NEOs    Bas…                            
          (b)…             NEOs    (d)(…     On:                            
                           (d)…                                             
           S&P                                                              
           500                                                              
  Tot…    Inf…                                                              
  Sha…    Tec…                                                              
  Ret…    Ind…                                                              
  (f)…    Tot…                                                              
          Sha…                                                              
          Ret…                                                              
          (g)…                                                              
  2022    104…    104,…    411…    -74,…    16.…    87.66    -193    N/A    
  2021    104…    104,…    14,…    46,8…    144…    122.…      35    N/A    
                                                                            
1. Our PEO was Adam Foroughi for both 2021 and 2022.

2. This figure is the total compensation paid to our PEO in each listed year
or will ever be paid these amounts, as shown in our Summary Compensation
Table for such listed year.

3. Compensation actually paid does not mean that our PEO was actually paid
those amounts in the listed year or will ever be paid these amounts, but
this is a dollar amount derived by starting with the summary compensation
table total compensation and then applying certain adjustments under the PVP
Rules. Our PEO did not receive any equity-based awards or hold any unvested
equity-based awards during any of the years presented. There are no
adjustments to be made to his Summary Compensation Table compensation under
the PVP Rules.

4. This figure is the average of the total compensation paid to our non-PEO
NEOs in each listed year, as shown in our Summary Compensation Table for
such listed year. The names of the non-PEO NEOs in each year are listed in
the table below.
                                              
  2021                                  2022  
  Herald Chen                    Herald Chen  
  Vasily Shikin                Vasily Shikin  
  Katie Jansen                  Katie Jansen  
  Victoria Valenzuela    Victoria Valenzuela  
                                              
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    49    AppLovin  
                                          
5. This figure is the average of compensation actually paid for our non-PEO
NEOs in each listed year. Compensation actually paid does not mean that
these NEOs were actually paid those amounts in the listed year or will ever
be paid those amounts, but this is a dollar amount derived by starting with
the Summary Compensation Table total compensation and then applying certain
adjustments pursuant to PVP Rules. These adjustments are documented in the
table below, with the indicated figures showing an average of such figure
for all NEOs other than our PEO in each listed year.
                                                                            
                                                  2021                2022  
                                                   ($)                 ($)  
  Summary Compensation Table Total         $14,359,442         $411,799.00  
  Subtract Grant Date Fair Value of                                         
  Option                                  -$13,722,656                  $—  
  Awards and Stock Awards Granted in                                        
  Fiscal Year(a)                                                            
  Add Fair Value at Fiscal Year-End of                                      
  Outstanding and Unvested Option                                           
  Awards                                   $22,092,188                  $—  
  and Stock Awards Granted in Fiscal                                        
  Year(b)                                                                   
  Adjust for Change in Fair Value of                                        
  Outstanding and Unvested Option                                           
  Awards                                   $21,012,824    $(44,475,404.00)  
  and Stock Awards Granted in Prior                                         
  Fiscal                                                                    
  Years(b)                                                                  
  Adjust for Fair Value at Vesting of                                       
  Option Awards and Stock Awards                                            
  Granted                                           $—                  $—  
  in Fiscal Year That Vested During                                         
  Fiscal                                                                    
  Year(b)                                                                   
  Adjust for Change in Fair Value as                                        
  of                                                                        
  Vesting Date of Option Awards and                                         
  Stock                                                                     
  Awards Granted in Prior Fiscal Years      $3,067,852    $(30,549,110.00)  
  For                                                                       
  Which Applicable Vesting Conditions                                       
  Were                                                                      
  Satisfied During Fiscal Year(b)                                           
  Subtract Fair Value as of Prior                                           
  Fiscal                                                                    
  Year-End of Option Awards and Stock                                       
  Awards Granted in Prior Fiscal Years              $—                  $—  
  That Failed to Meet Applicable                                            
  Vesting                                                                   
  Conditions During Fiscal Year(b)                                          
  Add Value of Dividends or other                                           
  Earnings                                                                  
  Paid on Stock or Option Awards not                $—                  $—  
  Otherwise Reflected in Fair Value or                                      
  Total Compensation                                                        
  Compensation Actually Paid               $46,809,649    $(74,612,715.00)  
                                                                            
a. The amounts reflect the aggregate grant-date fair value reported in the
“Stock Awards” and “Option Awards” columns in the Summary Compensation Table
for the applicable year.

b. In accordance with PVP Rules, the fair values of unvested and outstanding
equity awards to our NEOs were remeasured as of the end of each fiscal year,
and as of each vesting date, during the years displayed in the table above.
Specifically, we measured the fair value of restricted stock units and
restricted stock based on the closing price on the relevant measurement date
and, in addition to such closing price used the following assumptions for
measuring the fair value of outstanding stock options:
                                                                            
  Assumption                   2022               2021                2020  
  Expected Term       2.9 years - 4    3.9 years - 5.0     4.9 years - 6.0  
                              years              years               years  
  Volatility              53% - 73%          48% - 53%                 50%  
  Dividend Yield                 0%                 0%                  0%  
  Risk-Free Rate        1.1% - 4.5%        0.4% - 1.3%         0.4% - 0.5%  
                                                                            
6. Total shareholder return is calculated by assuming that a $100 investment
was made based on the closing stock price on the IPO date of April 15, 2021
and reinvesting all dividends until the last day of each reported fiscal
year.

7. The peer group used is the S&P 500 Index Information Technology Index, as
used in our Stock Performance Graph in Form 10-K. Total shareholder return
is calculated by assuming that a $100 investment was made based on the
closing stock price on the IPO date of April 15, 2021 and reinvesting all
dividends until the last day of each reported fiscal year.

8. The dollar amounts reported are AppLovin’s net income reflected in
AppLovin’s audited financial statements.

9. In AppLovin’s assessment, there is not a financial performance measure
other than stock price that links compensation actually paid to performance
and the PVP Rules do not permit stock price to be the Company Selected
Measure unless it is a formal metric in an incentive plan. As described in
our Compensation Discussion and Analysis, we do not maintain an annual bonus
plan with financial performance measures and our long-term incentive equity
awards are in the form of time-based restricted stock units.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    50    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Tabular List of Performance Measures                                      
                                                                            
Although the PVP Rules described above state that stock price cannot be used
as a Company-Selected Measure for us, this does not extend to the Tabular
List of financial measures that link compensation actually paid to
performance, and as a result, we list stock price as our singular measure
for fiscal year 2022:
                
  Tabular List  
  Stock Price   
                
Description of Relationships Between Compensation Actually Paid and
Performance

The graphs below describe, in a manner compliant with the PVP Rules, the
relationship between Compensation Actually Paid and the individual
performance measures shown.
                                                                            
  Compensation Actually Paid (CAP) Versus TSR                               
                                                                            
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    51    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
  Compensation Actually Paid Versus Net Income                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  CEO Pay Ratio                                                             
                                                                            
Under rules adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, AppLovin is
required to calculate and disclose the total compensation paid to its median
paid employee, as well as the ratio of the total compensation paid to the
median employee as compared to the total compensation paid to the CEO of
AppLovin. The paragraphs that follow describe our methodology and the
resulting CEO pay ratio.
                                                                            
  Measurement Date and Population Considered                                
                                                                            
We identified the median employee using our employee population on January
3, 2023.

AppLovin is a global company that employs over 1,600 people with employees
in 17 countries. In identifying the median employee, we excluded workers in
9 countries totaling 77 workers (approximately 4.7 percent of our
workforce).
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    52    AppLovin  
                                          
We excluded the following number of workers from the following countries
(all of the workers in each country), in the identification of the median
employee:
                                          
  Countries Excluded    Workers Excluded  
  India                               19  
  South Korea                         16  
  Turkey                              11  
  France                               9  
  Ireland                              9  
  Brazil                               8  
  Cyprus                               3  
  Italy                                1  
  Spain                                1  
  Total                               77  
                                          
                                                                            
  Consistently Applied Compensation Measure (CACM)                          
                                                                            
Under the applicable rules, we were required to identify the median employee
by use of a “consistently applied compensation measure,” or CACM. We chose a
CACM that closely approximates the annual total direct compensation of our
employees. Specifically, we identified the median employee by looking at
annual base pay only. We converted earnings paid in local currency to U.S.
dollars by applying the exchange rate applicable on December 31st, 2022. We
have annualized the compensation paid to partial-year employees and
employees on an unpaid leave of absence, as permitted by applicable SEC
regulations. In addition, we did not utilize any cost-of-living adjustment
as permitted by applicable SEC regulations.
                                                                            
  Methodology and Pay Ratio                                                 
                                                                            
After applying our CACM methodology and excluding the employees listed
above, we identified the median employee. Once the median employee was
identified, we calculated the median employee’s total annual compensation in
accordance with the requirements of the Summary Compensation Table.

Our median employee compensation as calculated using Summary Compensation
Table requirements was $139,502. Our CEO’s compensation as reported in the
Summary Compensation Table was $104,355. Therefore, our CEO to median
employee pay ratio is 0.748:1.

This information is being provided for compliance purposes. Neither the
Compensation Committee nor management of the company used the pay ratio
measure in making compensation decisions.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    53    AppLovin  
                                          
Equity Compensation Plan Information

The following table summarizes our equity compensation plan information as
of December 31, 2022. Information is included for equity compensation plans
approved by our stockholders. We do not have any equity compensation plans
not approved by our stockholders.
                                                                            
                                                           Number of        
                                                           Securities       
                          Number of                        Remaining        
                         Securities    Weighted-Average    Available for    
                       to be Issued    Exercise Price      Future Issuance  
                               Upon    of                  Under Equity     
  Plan Category         Exercise of    Outstanding         Compensation     
                        Outstanding    Options,            Plans            
                           Options,    Warrants, and       (Excluding       
                      Warrants, and    Rights              Securities       
                             Rights                        Reflected in     
                                                           the First        
                                                           Column)          
  Equity                                                                    
  compensation                                                              
  plans approved         26,932,548    6.72(2)             58,057,462(3)    
  by                                                                        
  security                                                                  
  holders(1)                                                                
                                                                            
1. Includes the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan
(“2021 Plan”), the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) and the 2021
Partner Studio Incentive Plan (“2021 Partner Plan”). The 2011 Plan was
terminated effective April 2021.

2. RSUs, which do not have an exercise price, are excluded in the
calculation of weighted-average exercise price.

3. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 58,057,462 shares of Class A
common stock were available for issuance under the 2021 Plan, the 2021
Partner Plan, and the ESPP. The 2021 Plan provides that on the first day of
each year beginning on January 1, 2022, the number of shares of Class A
common stock available for issuance thereunder is automatically increased by
a number equal to the least of (i) 39,000,000 shares, (ii) 5% of the
outstanding shares of all classes of our common stock as of the last day of
our immediately preceding fiscal year or (iii) such other amount as our
Board of Directors may determine. The ESPP provides that on the first day of
each year beginning January 1, 2022, the number of shares of Class A common
stock available for issuance thereunder is automatically increased by a
number equal to the least of (i) 7,800,000 shares, (ii) 1% of the
outstanding shares of all classes of our common stock as of the last day of
our immediately preceding fiscal year or (iii) such other amount as our
Board of Directors may determine. On January 1, 2023, the number of shares
of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and the
ESPP increased by 18,693,684 shares and 3,738,737 shares, respectively,
pursuant to these provisions. These changes are not reflected in the table
above.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    54    AppLovin  
                                          
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 for:

• each of our named executive officers;

• each of our directors;

• all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and

• each person or group known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than
5% of our Class A or Class B common stock.

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the
SEC, and thus it represents sole or shared voting or investment power with
respect to our securities. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our
knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and
sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially
owned, subject to community property laws where applicable.

We have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership on
300,093,610 shares of our Class A common stock, 71,162,622 shares of our
Class B common stock, and no shares of our Class C common stock outstanding
as of March 31, 2023. We have deemed shares of our common stock subject to
stock options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days
of March 31, 2023 or issuable pursuant to RSUs which are subject to vesting
and settlement conditions expected to occur within 60 days of March 31,
2023, to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding
the stock option or RSU for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of that person. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however,
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in
the table below is c/o AppLovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto,
California 94304. The information provided in the table below is based on
our records, information filed with the SEC and information provided to us,
except where otherwise noted.
                                                                            
                   Amount and                                   Percent of  
                    Nature of                                        Total  
                   Beneficial                                 Voting Power  
                    Ownership                                          (%)  
                      Class A              Class B                          
                       Shares               Shares                          
  Name of                                                                   
  Beneficial               -#    %              -#       %                  
  Owner                                                                     
  Named                                                                     
  Executive                                                                 
  Officers                                                                  
  and                                                                       
  Directors:                                                                
  Adam                258,289    *      27,936,907    39.3            32.4  
  Foroughi(1)                                                               
  Herald               50,000    *       4,646,459     6.3             5.3  
  Chen(2)                                                                   
  Katie             1,441,647    *               —       —               *  
  Jansen(3)                                                                 
  Vasily            1,213,580    *               —       —               *  
  Shikin(4)                                                                 
                                                                            
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    55    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
               Amount                                      Percent          
                  and                                      of Total         
               Nature                                      Voting           
                   of                                      Power            
             Benefic…                                      (%)              
             Ownersh…                                                       
              Class A                Class B                                
               Shares                 Shares                                
  Name of                                                                   
  Benefi…          -#    %                -#    %                           
  Owner                                                                     
  Victor…     752,596          *           —          —                  *  
  Valenz…                                                                   
  Craig        34,152          *           —          —                  *  
  Billin…                                                                   
  Margar…     209,600          *           —          —                  *  
  Georgi…                                                                   
  Alyssa                                                                    
  Harvey        1,976          *           —          —                  *  
  Dawson…                                                                   
  Edward            —          —           —          —                  —  
  Oberwa…                                                                   
  Eduardo    9,601,3…        3.2           —          —                  *  
  Vivas                                                                     
  Asha          3,934          *           —          —                  *  
  Sharma…                                                                   
  All                                                                       
  current                                                                   
  direct…                                                                   
  named                                                                     
  execut…                                                                   
  office…                                                                   
  and        13,567,…        4.5    32,583,…       45.8               38.6  
  execut…                                                                   
  office…                                                                   
  as a                                                                      
  group                                                                     
  (11                                                                       
  person…                                                                   
  Shares                                                                    
  subject                                                                   
  to the     61,043,…       20.3    73,523,…        100               86.5  
  Voting                                                                    
  Agreem…                                                                   
  Greater                                                                   
  than 5%                                                                   
  stockh…                                                                   
  KKR                                                                       
  Denali     60,735,…       20.2    38,905,…       54.7               48.7  
  Holdin…                                                                   
  L.P.(1…                                                                   
  Hontai                                                                    
  App                                                                       
  Fund       26,167,…        8.7           —          —                1.5  
  Limited                                                                   
  Partne…                                                                   
  John       20,872,…        7.0           —          —                1.2  
  Krysty…                                                                   
  Andrew     20,000,…        6.7           —          —                1.2  
  Karam(…                                                                   
  The                                                                       
  Vangua…    15,832,…        5.3           —          —                  *  
  Group(…                                                                   
                                                                            
* Represents beneficial ownership or voting power of less than 1%.

1. Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (collectively, with certain
affiliates, the Voting Agreement Parties), have entered into the Voting
Agreement, pursuant to which two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali
(one of which must be Mr. Foroughi) have the authority to direct the vote of
all shares of Class B common stock held by the Voting Agreement Parties and
their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees on all matters
to be voted upon by stockholders.

2. Consists of (i) 50,000 shares of Class A common stock held by The Chen
Family 2012 Irrevocable Trust, Herald Y. & Mei K. Chen as Trustees (The Chen
Family Trust), for which Mr. Chen and his spouse serve as trustees, (ii)
1,956,059 shares of Class B common stock held by Mr. Chen, (iii) 330,000
shares of Class B common stock held by The Chen Family Trust, (iv) 80,199
shares of Class A common stock held by Mr. Chen (which may be exchanged at
any time for shares of Class B common stock, and are reported in the table
above as such, pursuant to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement), and (v)
2,280,201 shares of Class B common stock subject to stock options held by
Mr. Chen that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023 (after giving
effect to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement). The Voting Agreement Parties
have entered into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to which two of the three
Voting Agreement Parties (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi) have the
authority to direct the vote and vote the shares of all Class B common stock
held by the Voting Agreement Parties and their respective permitted entities
and permitted transferees on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders.

3. Consists of (i) 1,130,726 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.
Jansen, (ii) 6,086 shares of Class A common stock held by The Jansen Family
Trust, for which Ms. Jansen serves as trustee, (iii) 75,000 shares of Class
A common stock subject to stock options held by Ms. Jansen that are
exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023, and (iv) 229,835 shares of
Class A common stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of
March 31, 2023.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    56    AppLovin  
                                          
4. Consists of (i) 544,087 shares of Class A common stock held by Mr.
Shikin, (ii) 472,899 shares of Class A common stock subject to stock options
held by Mr. Shikin that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023 and
(iii) 196,594 shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs scheduled to
vest within 60 days of March 31, 2023.

5. Consists of (i) 448,616 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.
Valenzuela, (ii) 187,500 shares of Class A common stock subject to stock
options held by Ms. Valenzuela that are exercisable within 60 days of March
31, 2023 and (iii) 116,480 shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs
scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2023.

6. Consists of (i) 7,400 shares of Class A common stock held by The CSB 2012
Living Trust, for which Mr. Billings serves as trustee, (ii) 5,550 shares of
Class A common stock held by The CMB 2016 Trust, for which Mr. Billings’
spouse serves as trustee, (iii) 202 shares of Class A common stock held by
Mr. Billings’ spouse, and (iv) 21,000 shares of Class A common stock subject
to stock options held by Mr. Billings that are exercisable within 60 days of
March 31, 2023.

7. Consists of (i) 24,600 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.
Georgiadis and (ii) 185,000 shares of Class A common stock held by Blue Sage
Partners, LLC, for which Ms. Georgiadis and her spouse share voting and
dispositive power.

8. Consists of (i) 1,693 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms. Harvey
Dawson and (ii) 283 shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs scheduled
to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2023.

9. Consists of (i) 3,442 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms. Sharma
and (ii) 492 shares of Class A common stock subject to RSUs scheduled to
vest within 60 days of March 31, 2023.

10. Consists of (i) 12,101,662.249 shares of Class A common stock held by
our executive officers and directors, (ii) 30,222,966 shares of Class B
common stock held by our executive officers and directors (iii) 1,465,427
shares of Class A common stock subject to stock options and RSUs held by our
executive officers and directors that are exercisable or scheduled to vest
within 60 days of March 31, 2023, (iv) (a) 80,199 shares of Class A common
stock and (b) 2,280,201 shares of Class A common stock subject to stock
options held by Mr. Chen that are exercisable within 60 days of March 31,
2023 (which may be exchanged for shares of Class B common stock, and are
reported in the table above as such, pursuant to the Equity Award Exchange
Agreement).

11. Consists of (i) 60,877,945 shares of Class A common stock held by the
Voting Agreement Parties, (ii) 71,162,622 shares of Class B common stock
held by the Voting Agreement Parties, (iii) 165,344 shares of Class A common
stock subject to RSUs scheduled to vest within 60 days of March 31, 2023,
and (iv) (a) 80,199 shares of Class A common stock and (b) 2,280,201 shares
of Class A common stock subject to stock options held by Mr. Chen that are
exercisable within 60 days of March 31, 2023 (which may be exchanged for
shares of Class B common stock, and are reported in the table above as such,
pursuant to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement).

12. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13,
2023, consists of 99,640,489 shares of common stock, based on (i) 60,735,000
shares of Class A common stock and (ii) 38,905,489 shares of Class B common
stock directly owned by KKR Denali. Each of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC (as
the general partner of KKR Denali); KKR Americas Fund XII L.P. (as the sole
member of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC); KKR Associates Americas XII L.P. (as
the general partner of KKR Americas Fund XII L.P.); KKR Americas XII Limited
(as general partner of KKR Associates Americas XII L.P.); KKR Group
Partnership L.P. (as sole member of KKR Americas XII Limited); KKR Group
Holdings Corp. (as the general partner of KKR Group Partnership L.P.); KKR
Group Co. Inc. (as the sole shareholder of KKR Group Holdings Corp.); KKR &
Co. Inc. (as the sole shareholder of KKR Group Co. Inc.) and KKR Management
LLP (as the Series I preferred stockholder of KKR & Co. Inc.); and Messrs.
Henry R. Kravis and George R. Roberts (as the founding partners of KKR
Management LLP) may also be deemed to be the beneficial owners having shared
voting power and shared investment power over the securities described in
this footnote. The Voting Agreement Parties have entered into the Voting
Agreement, pursuant to which two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali
(one of which must be Mr. Foroughi) have the authority to direct the vote
and vote the shares of all Class B common stock held by the Voting Agreement
Parties and their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees on
all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. The principal business address
of each of the entities and persons identified in this footnote, except Mr.
Roberts, is c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., 30 Hudson Yards, New
York, New York 10001. The principal business address for Mr. Roberts is c/o
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., 2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200, Menlo
Park, CA 94025.

13. Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022,
reporting shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to
26,167,242 shares of Class A common stock by Hontai App Fund Limited
Partnership, Hontai Capital Cayman Inc., and Yunjoy Capital Cayman Inc. The
address for each of Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership, Hontai Capital
Cayman Inc., and Yunjoy Capital Cayman Inc. is c/o Maricorp Serviced Ltd.,
PO Box 2075, #31 The Strand, 46 Canal Point Drive, Grand Cayman, Cayman
Islands.

14. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13,
2023, reporting sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to
20,872,419 shares of Class A common stock.

15. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13,
2023, reporting sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to
20,000,000 shares of Class A common stock.

16. Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023,
reporting shared voting power with respect to 113,341 shares of Class A
common stock, sole dispositive power with respect to 15,444,667 shares of
Class A common stock and shared dispositive power with respect to 388,044
shares of Class A common stock. The address for The Vanguard Group is 100
Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    57    AppLovin  
                                          
Certain Relationships, Related Party and Other Transactions

We describe below transactions and series of similar transactions, since the
beginning of our last fiscal year, to which we were a participant or will be
a participant, in which:

• the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000; and

• any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers or
beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our outstanding capital
stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household
with, any of these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest.
                                                                            
  Investors’ Rights Agreement                                               
                                                                            
We are party to an Investor Rights Agreement, pursuant to which certain
holders of our capital stock, including KKR Denali, Adam Foroughi and an
entity affiliated with Mr. Foroughi, have the right to demand that we file a
registration statement or request that their shares of our capital stock be
covered by a registration statement that we are otherwise filing. Mr.
Oberwager, a member of our Board of Directors, is affiliated with KKR. Mr.
Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer and a member of our Board of
Directors, was previously affiliated with KKR. Mr. Chen is a limited partner
in KKR Denali. Adam Foroughi, our CEO, Co-founder and Chairperson of our
Board of Directors, and an entity affiliated with him are parties to our
Investors’ Rights Agreement.
                                                                            
  Director Nominations Agreement                                            
                                                                            
We have entered into a Director Nominations Agreement with KKR Denali. The
Director Nominations Agreement grants KKR Denali the right to nominate to
our Board of Directors one designee as long as KKR Denali and its affiliates
collectively beneficially own at least 25% of the shares of the Class B
common stock that KKR Denali held immediately prior to our initial public
offering. In addition, in the event a vacancy on the Board of Directors is
created by the death, disability, retirement or resignation of a KKR Denali
director designee, KKR Denali shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
have the right to have the vacancy filled by a new KKR Denali director
designee. Edward Oberwager currently serves as the KKR Denali director
designee.

Further, for so long as KKR Denali and its affiliates hold at least 5% of
the outstanding shares of our common stock, one of the independent director
candidates selected by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for
nomination to our Board of Directors shall be subject to the approval of KKR
Denali prior to the nomination of such candidate for election by our
stockholders. Margo Georgiadis is the independent director currently serving
that was approved by KKR Denali.
                                                                            
  Credit Facility                                                           
                                                                            
In August 2018, we entered into a credit agreement, which provided for term
loans in an aggregate principal amount of $820.0 million and a revolving
credit facility of $50.0 million. The credit agreement was amended to
increase the principal amount of the term loan by an aggregate amount of
$400.0 million on April 23, 2019 and amended again on April 27, 2020, May 6,
2020 and October 27, 2020. The credit agreement was further amended on
February 12, 2021 to increase the senior secured term loan facility by
$300.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an
additional $10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of revolving
commitments, increasing the total
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    58    AppLovin  
                                          
revolving commitments to $600.0 million, and to reduce the interest rate on
the incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest
rate as all other term loans. In October 2021, we further amended the credit
agreement whereby certain additional lenders agreed to provide incremental
loans in an aggregate amount of $1.5 billion. On January 3, 2023, we amended
our credit agreements to transition the benchmark interest rate from LIBOR
to SOFR which included a 10 basis-point credit spread adjustment.

KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR, acted as joint lead arranger
and joint bookrunner for the credit agreement. In 2022, we paid $5.0 million
in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC in connection with the December 2021
secondary offering of our Class A common stock. KKR Corporate Lending (CA)
LLC, an affiliate of KKR, has provided revolving credit commitments in the
amount of $15.0 million under our revolving credit facility.
                                                                            
  Promissory Notes                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  Promissory Note with Related Party                                        
                                                                            
On March 8, 2019, we entered into a promissory note with Rafael Vivas, the
brother of Eduardo Vivas, a member of our Board of Directors, in
consideration of our advancing amounts to allow him to early exercise his
stock options, which was amended on August 7, 2020 to lower the interest
rate on the outstanding balance of such note to the then applicable IRS
annual mid-term rate of 0.41%. This note previously had an interest rate of
2.59%. The note has a principal amount of $2,273,400 and remains
outstanding.

Promissory Notes as Payment for Repurchases of Class A Common Stock

In 2019, we entered into promissory notes with Adam Foroughi and Eduardo
Vivas as payment for our repurchase of Class A common stock pursuant to
certain stock repurchase agreements. These notes have been paid off in full
for an aggregate amount of approximately $10.4 million to Mr. Foroughi and
$1.3 million to Mr. Vivas.
                                                                            
  Equity Award Exchange Agreement                                           
                                                                            
In connection with our initial public offering, we entered into an Equity
Award Exchange Agreement with Herald Chen, pursuant to which Mr. Chen has a
right (but not an obligation), to require us to exchange any shares of Class
A common stock received upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of
Class A common stock for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common
stock. This Equity Award Exchange Agreement applies only to equity awards
granted to Mr. Chen prior to the effectiveness of the filing of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation in connection with our initial
public offering. The Equity Award Exchange Agreement covers options to
purchase 2,280,001 shares of Class A common stock and 80,199 shares of Class
A common stock held pursuant to an exercise of stock options.
                                                                            
  Other Transactions                                                        
                                                                            
Cookie Monster Capital, LLC (“Cookie Monster”) is a mobile game developer
owned by Eduardo Vivas, a member of our Board of Directors. We published an
App developed by Cookie Monster under a game assignment and revenue share
agreement entered in October 2020. In 2022, we made payments to Cookie
Monster in the amount of $0.2 million.

We engaged KKR Capital Markets LLC as an independent financial advisor as
defined under FINRA Rule 5110(j)(9) in connection with the secondary
offering of shares of our Class A common stock in December 2021, for which
KKR Capital Markets LLC received $5.0 million in compensation in March of
2022.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    59    AppLovin  
                                          
                                                                            
   Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions                  
                                                                            
Our Audit Committee has the primary responsibility for reviewing and
approving or disapproving “related party transactions,” which are
transactions between the Company and related persons in which the aggregate
amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed $120,000 and in which a
related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Our
policy regarding transactions between us and related persons provides that a
related person is defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for
director or greater than 5% beneficial owner of any class of our voting
securities, in each case since the beginning of the most recently completed
year, and any of their immediate family members. Our Audit Committee charter
provides that our Audit Committee shall review and approve all related party
transactions.

Under this policy, our Audit Committee will review the material facts of all
related party transactions and either approve, ratify or disapprove of the
entry into the transaction. In determining whether to approve or ratify any
such proposal, our Audit Committee will take into account, among other
factors it deems appropriate, whether the transaction would affect the
independence of any director, any conflict of interest with any of our
executive officers, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable
than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party, and the
extent of the related person’s interest in the transaction. The policy
grants standing pre-approval of certain transactions, including (i)
executive compensation governed by our standard compensation and benefits
policies, (ii) director compensation arrangements governed by our standard
director compensation policies, (iii) transactions with another company at
which a related person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than an
executive officer), director, or beneficial owner of less than 10% equity
interest of that company, (iv) charitable contributions, grants, or
endowments by us to a charitable organization, foundation, or university
where the related person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than
an executive officer), or director, if the aggregate amount involved does
not exceed the lesser of $1,000,000 or 2% of the charitable organization’s
total annual receipts, (v) any transaction available to all U.S. employees
generally, (vi) transactions where a related person’s interest arises solely
from the ownership of our common stock and all holders of our common stock
received the same benefit on a pro rata basis, and (vii) other transactions
where disclosure of such transaction would not be required pursuant to Item
404 of Regulation S-K. In addition to our policy, our Audit Committee
charter provides that our Audit Committee shall review and oversee any
related person transactions.
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    60    AppLovin  
                                          
Other Matters
                                                                            
  Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports                                          
                                                                            
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our executive officers and
directors, and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock, file
reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the SEC. Such directors,
executive officers and 10% stockholders are required by SEC regulation to
furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.

SEC regulations require us to identify in this proxy statement anyone who
filed a required report late during the most recent fiscal year. Based
solely on our review of copies of such forms that we have received, or
written representations from reporting persons, we believe that during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, all executive officers, directors and
greater than 10% stockholders complied with all applicable SEC filing
requirements, except that one Form 4 report was filed late for each of
Messrs. Foroughi, Karam, and Vivas, with respect to five transactions, three
transactions, and one transaction, respectively.
                                                                            
  Fiscal Year 2022 Annual Report and SEC Filings                            
                                                                            
Our financial statements for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we will make available to
stockholders at the same time as this proxy statement. This proxy statement
and our annual report are posted on our website at
www.investors.applovin.com and are available from the SEC on its website at
www.sec.gov . You may also obtain a copy of our annual report without charge
by sending a written request to AppLovin Corporation, Attention: Corporate
Secretary, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.

The Board of Directors does not know of any other matters to be presented at
the Annual Meeting. If any additional matters are properly presented at the
Annual Meeting, the persons named in the enclosed proxy card will have
discretion to vote the shares of our common stock they represent in
accordance with their own judgment on such matters.

It is important that your shares of our common stock be represented at the
Annual Meeting, regardless of the number of shares that you hold. You are
urged to vote by telephone or by using the Internet as instructed on the
enclosed proxy card or execute and return, at your earliest convenience, the
enclosed proxy card in the envelope that has also been provided.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Palo Alto, California

April 25, 2023
                                          
  2023 Proxy Statement    61    AppLovin  
                                          
