Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 As confidentially submitted to the Securities and
Exchange Commission on February 9, 2021. This draft registration statement
has not been publicly filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
all information herein remains strictly confidential. Registration No. 333-
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM
S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Applovin
Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                                            
  Delaware                                   7370    45-3264542             
  (State or other               -Primary Standard                           
  jurisdiction of                      Industrial    -I.R.S. Employer       
  incorporation or            Classification Code    Identification Number  
  organization)                            Number                           
                                                                            
Applovin Corporation 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (800)
839-9646 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area
code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Adam Foroughi Co-
Founderand Chief Executive Officer Herald Chen President and Chief Financial
Officer 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (800) 839-9646
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area
code, of agent for service) Copies to:
                                                                            
  Rezwan D. Pavri                                    Michael T. Esquivel    
  Andrew T. Hill Lang                                Ran D. Ben-Tzur        
  Liu                      Victoria Valenzuela       James D. Evans         
  Wilson Sonsini           Lonnie Huang Applovin     Jennifer J.            
  Goodrich & Rosati,       Corporation               Hitchcock Fenwick &    
  P.C.                     1100 Page Mill Road       West LLP               
  650 Page Mill Road       Palo Alto, California     801 California Street  
  Palo Alto, California    94304 (800) 839-9646      Mountain View,         
  94304 (650) 493-9300                               California 94041       
                                                     (650) 988-8500         
                                                                            
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as
practicable after this registration statement becomes effective. If any of
the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed
or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933
check the following box. ☐ If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act,
please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant
to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-
effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act,
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-acceleratedfiler, smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
“large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☐    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☒    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
                                                                            
                                  Proposed                                  
  Title of Each Class of          Maximum Aggregate       Amount of         
  Securities to be Registered     Offering Price(1)(2)    Registration Fee  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Common stock, par value                                                   
  $0.00003 per                    $                       $                 
  share                                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration     
  (1)  fee in accordance with Rule 457(o) of the Securities                 
       Act of 1933, as amended.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Includes the aggregate offering price of additional shares that the  
  (2)  underwriters have the option to purchase to cover                    
       over-allotments, if any.                                             
                                                                            
The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant
will file a further amendment which specifically states that this
registration statement will thereafter become effective in accordance with
Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the
registration statement will become effective on such date as the Securities
and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may
determine.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The information in this preliminary prospectus is not
complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the
registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is
effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell nor does it
seek an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or
sale is not permitted. PROSPECTUS (Subject to Completion) Issued , 2021
Shares Common Stock Applovin Corporation is offering shares of its common
stock. This is our initial public offering and no public market currently
exists for our shares. We anticipate that the initial public offering price
per share of our common stock will be between $ and $ . We have applied to
list our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
“APP”. We will be treated as an emerging growth company, as defined in the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, for certain purposes until we
complete this offering. As such, in this prospectus we have taken advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations that apply to emerging growth
companies regarding selected financial data and executive compensation
arrangements. Investing in our common stock involves risks. See “ Risk
Factors” beginning on page 15 to read about factors you should consider
before buying shares of our common stock. PRICE $A SHARE
                                                          
                           Underwriting                   
               Price to    Discounts and     Proceeds to  
               Public      Commissions(1)    AppLovin     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Per Share    $           $                 $            
  Total        $           $                 $            
                                                          
                                                                            
       See the section titled “Underwriters (Conflicts of Interest)” for a  
  (1)  description of the compensation                                      
       payable to the underwriters.                                         
                                                                            
At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to % of the shares offered
by this prospectus for sale at the initial public offering price through a
directed share program. See the section titled “Underwriters—Directed Share
Program” for additional information. We have granted the underwriters the
right to purchase up to additional shares of our common stock to cover over-
allotments, if any. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any
other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or
passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation
to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver
the shares to purchasers on , 2021.
                                        
  MORGAN STANLEY    J.P. MORGAN    KKR  
                                        
Prospectus dated , 2021

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                            
  PROSPECTUS SUMMARY                                     1  
  RISK FACTORS                                          15  
  SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS     58  
  INDUSTRY, MARKET, AND OTHER DATA                      60  
  USE OF PROCEEDS                                       61  
  DIVIDEND POLICY                                       62  
  CAPITALIZATION                                        63  
  DILUTION                                              66  
  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA        69  
  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL     72  
  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                       
  LETTER FROM ADAM FOROUGHI, CO-FOUNDER AND CEO         96  
  BUSINESS                                              98  
  MANAGEMENT                                           116  
                                                            
                                                                       
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                          123  
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY                         136  
  TRANSACTIONS                                                         
  PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS                                          141  
  DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK                                    143  
  DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS                             150  
  SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE                                 154  
  MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S.    157  
  HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK                                          
  UNDERWRITERS (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)                            162  
  LEGAL MATTERS                                                   173  
  EXPERTS                                                         173  
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION                       173  
  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                      F-1  
                                                                       
Through and including , 2021 (the 25th day after the date of this
prospectus), all dealers effecting transactions in these securities,
whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver
a prospectus. This is in addition to a dealer’s obligation to deliver a
prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to an unsold
allotment or subscription. Neither we nor any of the underwriters have
authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any
representations other than those contained in this prospectus or in any
free writing prospectuses we have prepared. Neither we nor any of the
underwriters take responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to
the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. This
prospectus is an offer to sell only the shares offered hereby, but only
under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The
information contained in this prospectus is current only as of its date,
regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of
our common stock. For investors outside the United States: Neither we nor
any of the underwriters have done anything that would permit this offering
or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where
action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States.
Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this
prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions
relating to, the offering of the shares of our common stock and the
distribution of this prospectus outside the United States.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information that is presented in greater
detail elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of
the information you should consider before investing in our common stock.
You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the sections
titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this prospectus
before making an investment decision. Unless the context otherwise
requires, the terms “AppLovin,” “the company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” in
this prospectus refer to Applovin Corporation and its consolidated
subsidiaries.

APPLOVIN CORPORATION

Overview

Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of
mobile app developers.

Our software solutions provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to
grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the
marketing and monetization of their apps. Since inception, our platform
has driven over five billion mobile app installs for mobile app
developers. Our software, coupled with our deep industry knowledge and
expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale
a successful and diversified portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and
partnership strategy. Our scaled and integrated business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app
ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive advantage that has fueled
our clients’ success and our strong growth.

Over
the past two decades, mobile apps have become integral to our lives.
Mobile apps offer a wide array of applications, such as allowing users to
seamlessly share ideas, make purchases, monitor health, and access
entertainment. Based on data from IDC,
we estimate our total market opportunity to be $189 billion in 2020, an
increase from $53 billion in 2015, growing at a 29% compound annual growth
rate (CAGR). Growth of the mobile app ecosystem benefits mobile app users,
but makes it
harder for mobile app developers, and particularly independent (indie)
developers, to scale and succeed in a crowded market. Most developers lack
access to the marketing, monetization, and data analytics tools required
to stand out among the more
than 4.8 million mobile apps available on the Apple App Store and Google
Play Store, according to Statista, or attract sufficient numbers of mobile
app users to create and sustain a successful long-term business.
Underscoring how difficult it
is to create a successful mobile app, SensorTower estimates that 80% of
all mobile app downloads were generated by 1% of total developers across
both Apple App Store and Google Play Store in the third quarter of 2019.

The marketing and monetization challenges faced by mobile app developers
are particularly acute for developers of mobile games, which is
one of the largest and fastest-growing segments within the mobile app
ecosystem. According to IDC, there are more than 2 billion mobile gamers
worldwide—and, according to Statista, there are more than 1.3 million
mobile gaming apps on the Apple
App Store and Google Play Store. Mobile gaming accounts for 39% of
worldwide app downloads and for 72% of all app store consumer spend by
value, according to Sensor Tower. Mobile gaming is projected to grow at an
over 7.2% CAGR from 2020 to 2024,
according to IDC.

AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app developers, in
particular mobile game developers, solving key
marketing and monetization challenges. Through our technologies and scaled
distribution,

1

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

developers are able to manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing
investments, and improve the monetization of their apps. The key elements
of our solutions are delivered through the AppLovin Platform, which is
comprised of AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software. In 2018,
given an opportunity to scale our own apps using our Software, insights,
and expertise in the mobile app ecosystem, we launched our first party
content strategy, AppLovin Apps. Today, our Apps consist of a globally
diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games across eight
genres, run by twelve studios, including studios that we own (Owned
Studios), and others that we partner with (Partner Studios). The
combination of our Platform and Apps forms a strategic flywheel that
drives growth across our business and furthers our competitive advantages.
As more developers use our Platform’s Software to market and monetize
their mobile apps, we gain access to more users and more user engagement
further strengthening our scaled distribution. As our distribution grows,
we gain better insights for the recommendation engine in our Core
Technologies, which then further enhances our Software. This continuously
improving flywheel helps developers, including our own, to create and
sustain successful businesses, growing both our own business and the
mobile app ecosystem. We accelerate our capabilities and enhance our
strategic position in the mobile app ecosystem by actively pursuing
acquisitions and partnerships for new technologies and apps. Insights that
we derive from our strategic position and flywheel allow us to proactively
identify attractive acquisition and partnership opportunities across the
mobile app ecosystem. Since the beginning of 2018, we have invested over
$1 billion across 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app
studios, games, and technologies. In the case of new apps added to our
portfolio, we are able to deploy our Software and expertise to accelerate
revenue growth, enabling us to generate strong returns on investment. We
estimate that a year after joining our portfolio, acquired Apps have
increased their quarterly revenue over 100% on average. 1Our strategic
acquisitions and partnerships will continue to be a part of our growth
strategy going forward. Our focus on building market-leading technology,
coupled with our unique approach to developing and growing our Apps
portfolio, has produced a business model characterized by rapid growth and
strong cash flow generation. Our revenue has grown at an 87% CAGR from
2016 to 2019. For 2019, our revenue grew 106% year-over-year from 2018,
from $483.4 million in 2018 to $994.1 million in 2019. We generated a net
loss of $260.0 million in 2018 and net income of $119.0 million in 2019.
We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $255.6 million and $301.4 million in 2018
and 2019, respectively. See the section titled “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA” for a description of
Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income
(loss), the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in
accordance with GAAP. This has allowed us to reinvest in the growth of our
integrated software and apps and consummate acquisitions and investments.
Industry Background Key Trends within the Mobile App Ecosystem
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is growing rapidly and is increasingly      
       defining how we interact with the world.                             
  •    Based on data from IDC, we estimate that the mobile app ecosystem    
       grew to $189 billion in 2020 from $53 billion in 2015, or a 29%      
       CAGR.                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The proliferation of accessible and affordable advanced development  
       tools has led to lower cost and shorter                              
  •    development times for new apps. A broad selection of high quality,   
       easy to use, commoditized development kits has decreased the time,   
       capital, and expertise required to make an app.                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
     Based on a comparison of unaudited revenue for such acquired Apps for  
  1  the three months prior to the acquisition against                      
     our revenue from such Apps in the same period in the subsequent year.  
                                                                            
2

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       Mobile gaming has become one of the largest and fastest-growing      
  •    sectors within the mobile app ecosystem. Mobile                      
       gaming accounts for 39% of worldwide app downloads and for 72% of    
       all app store consumer spend by value, according to Sensor Tower.    
                                                                            
Key Challenges for Developers Today’s app developer journey has three key
steps – make, market, and monetize. The ‘make’ step has never been easier,
but developers still face key challenges in marketing and monetizing their
apps.
                                                                            
       The abundance of apps today creates a discovery and marketing        
       challenge for mobile app developers. The ease of                     
       making apps has created a highly fragmented market with over 4.8     
       million mobile apps available through the Apple App Store and        
       Google Play Store, according to Statista. Even after a user          
  •    downloads an app, for the average consumer in the United             
       States that app is now just one of the nearly 100 apps on the        
       average smartphone, according to App Annie. As a result, developers  
       must overcome both a crowded marketplace and home screen to          
       successfully market and monetize their apps, and this is             
       especially difficult for indie developers.                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Many developers lack access to marketing and monetization tools      
       required to build a successful business in the mobile                
       app ecosystem. Most mobile apps are free to install and many rely    
  •    on in-game advertising and in-app purchases (IAPs) for               
       monetization. To be successful, a developer’s app must not just be   
       discovered                                                           
       but also generate user engagement to effectively sell ad inventory   
       or create compelling content for IAPs.                               
                                                                            
Our Market Opportunity Based on data from IDC, we estimate our total
market opportunity in the mobile app ecosystem to be $189 billion. We
calculated this estimate by aggregating worldwide total in-app advertising
revenue of $101 billion (including gaming and non-gamingin-app display,
video, and other advertising, but excluding in-app search advertising) and
worldwide direct game spending of $88 billion for 2020. How We Grow the
Mobile App Ecosystem We have built and invested in our Platform, which
expands the mobile app ecosystem by solving key developer growth
challenges. We deliver value to mobile app developers by helping scale
their businesses and maximize their revenue through our marketing and
monetization technologies and expertise. Our uniquely integrated
Platform—comprised of our Core Technologies and Software—combines
marketing, monetization, and analytics into a single unified technology
stack.
                                                                            
       AppLovin Core Technologies are our foundational technology           
       infrastructure that powers our Software and, in turn,                
       our Apps. Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON                  
       machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph data           
       management layer, and our elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core     
       Technologies are robust, having processed over 2.5 petabytes of      
  •    data per                                                             
       day on average and up to five trillion events per day in November    
       2020, while remaining flexible enough to rapidly adjust to our       
       customers’ evolving needs. Our App Graph stores and manages          
       anonymized data from hundreds of millions of                         
       mobile devices we reach every day, which our AXON engine then        
       leverages to better predict and match each user to relevant          
       advertising content.                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppLovin Software is a comprehensive suite of tools for developers   
  •    to get their mobile apps discovered and                              
       downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend,   
       and                                                                  
                                                                            
3

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  maximize monetization of engagement. Our Software reaches an audience of  
  users per                                                                 
  day.2 Our Software is comprised of three solutions:                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery is our marketing software solution, which matches       
       advertiser demand with publisher supply through                      
       auctions at vast scale and microsecond-level speeds, peaking at      
  •    three million requests processed per second in November 2020.        
       AppDiscovery is powered by our AXON machine-learning engine with     
       predictive algorithms that enable developers to match                
       their apps to users that are more likely to download them.           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of an    
  •    app’s advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive       
       auction, driving more competition and higher returns for             
       publishers.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Compass is our analytics software tool within MAX which gives        
  •    developers the testing capabilities, insights, and                   
       intelligence needed to stay competitive and manage profitability.    
                                                                            
We have also developed and invested in our AppLovin Apps. Our Apps consist
of a globally diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games
run by twelve studios with a deep bench of talented developers. These Apps
are accessed by users every day. 3Our diversified portfolio covers eight
gaming genres, the most frequent of which is casual games, and appeals to
a broad global audience across different ages, genders, and locations. Our
Owned Studios and Partner Studios utilize our Software to market and
monetize our Apps. When using our Software, our Apps have an economic
advantage, which benefits our business as a whole. Our Strategic Flywheel
The mutually reinforcing combination of our Software’s scaled
distribution, our Apps’ first-party content, and our Core Technologies’
recommendation engine creates a powerful flywheel effect that enhances
each component and importantly improves our overall strategic position and
capabilities. As our Software improves and is able to deliver more
effective ads to more relevant users, more developers use and integrate
their apps with our Software. With growth in the number of users on and
engagement with our Apps and third-party apps, our App Graph gains more
insights and data to feed our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine.
This enables AXON to make more relevant recommendations for each user,
enhancing the effectiveness of our Software in real-time. Better Software
leads to more developer demand, restarting the virtuous cycle of our
strategic flywheel.
                                                                            
  2  See the section titled “Business” for information on how we calculate  
     this figure.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  3  See the section titled “Business” for information on how we calculate  
     this figure.                                                           
                                                                            
4

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Higher monetization and more users more users served relevant ads more
likely to download more users download relevant apps more usage and data
better insights and more engagement appdiscovery marketing max
monetization applovin apps & client apps infrastructure app graph axon Our
Strategic Acquisitions and Partnerships We accelerate our technical
capabilities, strategic positioning, and growth through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. We have developed a proven and repeatable
process for acquiring highly sophisticated technology that enhances our
Platform and for selecting and scaling our Apps global portfolio. Our
acquisitions and partnerships include investments in software such as our
acquisitions of MAX Advertising Systems, Inc. (MAX) and SafeDK Mobile Ltd.
(SafeDK), and game studios, such as our acquisition of PeopleFun, Inc.
(PeopleFun) and partnership with Belka Games. Since the beginning of 2018,
we have invested over $1 billion across 15 strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. We estimate that a year after joining our portfolio,
acquired Apps have increased their quarterly revenue over 100% on average.
Benefits to Mobile App Developers Our Platform enables mobile app
developers to:
                                                                            
       Reach and attract users at scale. Our Software reaches over          
       million users per day, enabling mobile app developers to target and  
  •    find the right users for their apps worldwide. Developers are able   
       to set their user acquisition and revenue goals to                   
       target the most relevant, highest value users.                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Maximize monetization of engagement. Developers use our Software to  
       generate incremental revenue by                                      
  •    maximizing the monetization of their mobile app ad inventory. Our    
       tools operate at nearly instantaneous speeds and at vast scale to    
       enhance monetization for developers while preserving the end user    
       experience.                                                          
                                                                            
5

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       Leverage proprietary data and insights. Developers benefit from      
       accessing comprehensive real-time                                    
  •    insights through our customized user dashboards, helping them        
       optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their        
       return on investment.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Automate time consuming and manual processes. Our Software           
  •    automates marketing and monetization,                                
       allowing developers to focus on improving their apps rather than     
       managing complex go-to-market processes manually.                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation. Our cloud-based Core        
       Technologies and Software are continuously                           
  •    updated as the mobile app ecosystem evolves. Our developers benefit  
       from this ongoing advancement and optimization, and are able to      
       rapidly adapt to industry changes in marketing and monetization      
       without losing focus on mobile app creation.                         
                                                                            
Our Strengths
                                                                            
       Unique and improving strategic position. Our competitive             
       advantages, overall growth, and strong financial                     
       profile are a direct result of our integrated portfolio and          
  •    strategic flywheel. We leverage insights across our flywheel to      
       optimize our strategic position and business, in particular with     
       regard to the allocation of development                              
       resources and investments.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Proven and optimized mobile app discovery and monetization           
       technologies. For almost a decade, we have been                      
       improving our Platform. Powered by our AXON machine-learning         
  •    recommendation engine and our App Graph, we leverage deep insights   
       and technical expertise to create powerful software platforms and a  
       significant competitive advantage. We automate                       
       marketing and monetization, freeing developers to focus on what      
       they do best—app development.                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       An advantaged approach to the mobile apps market. Our Apps leverage  
       the strength of our Platform and                                     
  •    expertise to achieve strong discovery and monetization, leading to   
       a differentiated approach and business model. This advantaged        
       approach to the mobile apps market provides the opportunity to       
       expand into other mobile app sectors.                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Highly accretive approach to strategic acquisitions and              
       partnerships. We have a proven and repeatable                        
  •    playbook approach to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships.    
       The mobile app ecosystem remains highly fragmented and provides an   
       ongoing growth opportunity for us.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Strong business model to drive rapid growth and cash flow. Based on  
       our integrated assets and scale, we                                  
  •    have a strong business model that has produced rapid revenue growth  
       and an attractive margin profile. We are able to reinvest this cash  
       flow to fuel sustainable growth.                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Founder-led business, with a proven and experienced team to          
       execute.                                                             
  •    Our co-founder and CEO, Adam Foroughi, leads a tenured management    
       team with significant experience in the mobile app industry and      
       scaling successful businesses.                                       
                                                                            
Our Strategy for Growth We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our
growth and further enhance our market position in the mobile app
ecosystem.
                                                                            
       Existing market expansion. We have an attractive market opportunity  
  •    within our growing mobile app segments                               
       and will continue to invest across our Core Technologies, Software,  
       and Apps to capture this:                                            
                                                                            
                                                     
  •    Enhance and extend ML platform technologies.  
                                                     
                                                             
  •    Expand distribution reach and software capabilities.  
                                                             
6

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                            
  •    Grow AppLovin Apps.  
                            
                                                                            
       New market extensions. We believe our technology and expertise are   
  •    applicable to other                                                  
       market segments and geographies that we do not currently address:    
                                                                            
                                                              
  •    Expand into other mobile app segments and industries.  
                                                              
                                                        
  •    Geographic expansion and industry partnerships.  
                                                        
                                                                    
  •    Other performance marketing and yield marketing categories.  
                                                                    
                                                                            
       Pursue accretive strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We have a  
  •    deep pipeline of software and app                                    
       investment opportunities which we will continue to pursue.           
                                                                            
Recent Developments Definitive Agreement to Acquire Adjust In February
2021, we signed a share purchase agreement with Adjust GmbH (Adjust), a
leading mobile app attribution, measurement, and analytics company in
Germany, to acquire all the outstanding shares of Adjust for an estimated
purchase price of approximately $1.0 billion, consisting of (i) $598.0
million in cash, net of certain cash held by Adjust, (ii) $352.0 million
in acquisition stock, a convertible security that will automatically
convert after the lapse of thirty trading days following this offering
into a number of shares of our common stock determined by dividing $352.0
million by the preceding 15-day volume-weighted average trading price per
share of our common stock; and (iii) the assumption of up to $40.0 million
in the aggregate of debt, accrued interest, and fees of Adjust, in each
case upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the share purchase
agreement. The Adjust acquisition is subject to customary closing
conditions and is expected to close in the first half of 2021. The
acquisition of Adjust will provide us with a set of strategic SaaS mobile
marketing solutions that expand our suite of innovative tools for mobile
app developers. Adjust has over 500 employees globally. Risk Factors
Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties,
including those highlighted in the section titled “Risk Factors”
immediately following this prospectus summary. These risks include the
following:
                                                                            
       We have a limited operating history, especially with respect to our  
  •    Apps, which makes it difficult to evaluate our                       
       current business and future performance and the risks we may         
       encounter.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate from               
  •    period-to-period, which could cause the market price of our common   
       stock to decline.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is intensely competitive. If business       
  •    clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or                 
       services over our own, our business, financial condition, and        
       results of operations could be adversely affected.                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is subject to rapid technological change,   
       and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate                
  •    our resources among, emerging technologies and business models, our  
       business, financial condition, and results of operations could be    
       adversely affected.                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The failure to attract new business clients, the loss of clients,    
  •    or a reduction in spending by these clients could                    
       adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of   
       operations.                                                          
                                                                            
7

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully      
  •    monetize them, or continue to improve the experience and             
       monetization of our existing Apps, our business, financial           
       condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       If we fail to retain existing users or add new users                 
  •    cost-effectively, or if our users decrease their level of            
       engagement with Apps, our business, financial condition, and         
       results of operations could be adversely affected.                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We have experienced significant growth through strategic             
  •    acquisitions and partnerships, and we face risks related to the      
       integration of such acquisitions and the management of such growth.  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations through   
  •    strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We face a                   
       number of risks related to these transactions.                       
                                                                            
Channels for Disclosure of Information Investors, the media, and others
should note that, following the completion of this offering, we intend to
announce material information to the public through filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the investor relations page
on our website, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and our
corporate blog at blog.applovin.com. The information disclosed by the
foregoing channels could be deemed to be material information. As such, we
encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed
above and to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any
updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce
information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website.
Corporate Information We were incorporated under the laws of the state of
Delaware in July 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 1100
Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is
(800) 839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com. Information
contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not
constitute part of this prospectus and inclusions of our website address
in this prospectus are inactive textual references only. You should not
consider information contained on our website to be part of this
prospectus or in deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock.
“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law trademarks,
service marks, or trade names appearing in this prospectus are the
property of Applovin Corporation. Other trademarks and trade names
referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective
owners. JOBS Act We will be treated as an emerging growth company, as
defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act)
for certain purposes until the earlier of the date on which we complete
this offering or December 31, 2021. As such, in this prospectus we have
taken advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations that apply to
emerging growth companies regarding selected financial data and executive
compensation arrangements.

8

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

THE OFFERING
                                                                            
  Common stock offered                  shares                              
  Common stock to be outstanding                                            
  after                                 shares                              
  this offering                                                             
  Over-allotment option                 shares                              
                                        We estimate that the net proceeds   
                                        from the sale of shares of our      
                                        common stock in this offering will  
                                        be approximately                    
                                        $           (or approximately $     
                                        if the underwriters’ exercise       
                                        their over-allotment option in      
                                        full), based upon the assumed       
  Use of proceeds                       initial                             
                                        public offering price of $          
                                        per share, which is the midpoint    
                                        of the estimated offering price     
                                        range set forth on the cover page   
                                        of this prospectus, and after       
                                        deducting estimated underwriting    
                                        discounts and commissions and       
                                        estimated offering expenses.        
                                        The principal purposes of this      
                                        offering are to increase our        
                                        capitalization and financial        
                                        flexibility, create a public        
                                        market for our                      
                                        common stock, and enable access to  
                                        the public equity markets for us    
                                        and our stockholders. We intend to  
                                        use the net proceeds from this      
                                        offering for general corporate      
                                        purposes, including working         
                                        capital, operating expenses, and    
                                        capital expenditures.               
                                        We intend to use approximately $    
                                        of the net proceeds from this       
                                        offering to repay a portion of the  
                                        amount outstanding under our        
                                        senior secured revolving loan       
                                        facility. Additionally, we          
                                        expect to use a portion of the net  
                                        proceeds to enter into strategic    
                                        acquisitions and partnerships.      
                                        However, we do not have definitive  
                                        agreements or commitments for any   
                                        material acquisitions or            
                                        partnerships at this time. See the  
                                        sections titled                     
                                        “Use of Proceeds” and               
                                        “Underwriters (Conflict of          
                                        Interest)” for additional           
                                        information.                        
                                        Upon completion of this offering,   
                                        our executive officers, directors,  
                                        and holders of 5% or more of our    
  Concentration of ownership            common stock will beneficially      
                                        own, in the aggregate,              
                                        approximately           % of the    
                                        outstanding shares of our common    
                                        stock.                              
                                        At our request, the underwriters    
                                        have reserved up to         % of    
                                        shares offered by this              
                                        prospectus for sale at the initial  
                                        public offering price through a     
  Directed share program                directed share program. The sales   
                                        will be administered by Morgan      
                                        Stanley & Co. LLC, an underwriter   
                                        in this offering. We do not know    
                                        if these parties will choose to     
                                        purchase all                        
                                        or any                              
                                                                            
9

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
                                    portion of these reserved shares, but   
                                    any purchases they do make will reduce  
                                    the number of shares available to the   
                                    general public.                         
                                    Any reserved shares that are not so     
                                    purchased will be offered by the        
                                    underwriters to the general public on   
                                    the same terms as the other shares of   
                                    common stock. See the section titled    
                                    “Underwriters—Directed Share Program”   
                                    for additional                          
                                    information.                            
  Proposed Nasdaq trading symbol    “APP”                                   
                                                                            
The number of shares of our common stock that will be outstanding after
this offering is based on 329,248,830 shares of our common stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2019, and reflects:
                                                                            
       109,090,908 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock that  
  •    will automatically convert into shares of common                     
       stock immediately prior to the completion of this offering pursuant  
       to                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                      
  the terms of our amended and restated certificate   
  of incorporation (the Preferred Stock Conversion);  
  and                                                 
                                                      
                                                                            
       177,593,772 shares of our Class A common stock and 42,564,150        
       shares of our Class F common stock that will                         
  •    convert into an aggregate of 220,157,922 shares of our common stock  
       prior to the completion of this offering (together with the          
       Preferred Stock Conversion, the Capital Stock Conversions).          
                                                                            
The shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2019 exclude
the following:
                                                                            
       12,635,130 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of  
  •    options to purchase shares of our common stock                       
       outstanding as of December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average         
       exercise price of $3.92 per share;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       13,412,630 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of  
  •    options to purchase shares of our common stock                       
       granted after December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average exercise    
       price of $8.77 per share;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,424,256 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of   
  •    warrants to purchase common stock granted after                      
       December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average exercise price of $11.48  
       per share;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any shares of our common stock issuable following this offering      
       upon conversion of an outstanding convertible security;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the       
  •    acquisition stock to be issued in connection with the                
       pending acquisition of Adjust; and                                   
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance  
       under our equity compensation plans, consisting of:      
                                                                
                                                                            
       shares of our common stock to be reserved for future                 
  •    issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (our 2021 Plan),       
       which will become effective prior to the completion of this          
       offering;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       1,432,919 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance    
       under our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (our 2011 Plan)                 
  •    (reflecting 14,591,349 shares reserved as of December 31, 2019       
       reduced by the option grants subsequent to December 31, 2019         
       described above), which number of shares will be added to the        
       shares of our                                                        
                                                                            
10

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                      
  common stock to be reserved for future issuance     
  under our 2021 Plan upon its effectiveness, at      
  which time we will cease granting awards under our  
  2011 Plan; and                                      
                                                      
                                                                            
       shares of our common stock to be reserved for future                 
  •    issuance under our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (our ESPP),     
       which will become effective prior to the completion of this          
       offering.                                                            
                                                                            
Our 2021 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the
number of shares of our common stock reserved thereunder, and our 2021
Plan will also provide for increases to the number of shares of common
stock that may be granted thereunder based on shares under our 2011 Plan
that expire, are tendered to or withheld by us for payment of an exercise
price or for satisfying tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited or
otherwise repurchased by us. See the sections titled “Executive
Compensation—Employee Benefit and Stock Plans,” “Description of Capital
Stock—Convertible Security,” and “Description of Capital Stock—Acquisition
Stock” for additional information. The number of shares above gives effect
to a 1-to-3forward stock split, which occurred on May 20, 2020 (the
Forward Stock Split). Except as otherwise indicated, all information in
this prospectus:
                                                                            
  •    gives effect to the Forward Stock Split as if it had occurred on     
       the date of such information;                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    assumes the Capital Stock Conversions will occur immediately prior   
       to the completion of this offering;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       assumes the filing and effectiveness of our amended and restated     
  •    certificate of incorporation and the effectiveness of                
       our amended and restated bylaws will each occur immediately prior    
       to the completion of this offering;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       assumes no exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants        
  •    subsequent to December 31, 2019; and                                 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment      
       option.                                                              
                                                                            
11

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following tables
summarize our consolidated financial and other data. We have derived the
summary consolidated statement of operations data for 2018 and 2019 and
summary consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2019 from our
audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected in the future. The following summary
consolidated financial and other data should be read in conjunction with
the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations,” our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) Data
                                                                            
                                        Year Ended                          
                                      December 31,                          
                                              2018                 2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             -in thousands, except                          
                                         for share                          
                             and per share amounts                          
  Revenue                 $                483,363       $      994,104     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of                                   53,758              241,274     
  revenue(1)(2)                                                             
  Sales and                                166,799              481,781     
  marketing(1)(2)                                                           
  Research and                              16,270               44,966     
  development(1)                                                            
  General and                               14,854               31,712     
  administrative(1)                                                         
  Extinguishment of                                                         
  acquisition-related                      (10,763  )                 —     
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Total costs and                          240,918              799,733     
  expenses                                                                  
  Income from                              242,445              194,371     
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest expense and                                                      
  loss on settlement                      (484,805  )           (74,166  )  
  of debt, net                                                              
  Interest income and                        2,101                6,029     
  other gains                                                               
  Total other expense                     (482,704  )           (68,137  )  
  Income (loss) before                                                      
  provision for                           (240,259  )           126,234     
  income taxes                                                              
  Provision for income                      19,736                7,194     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income (loss)       $               (259,995  )    $      119,040     
  Other comprehensive                                                       
  income (loss), net                                                        
  of tax:                                                                   
                                                                            
  Foreign currency        $                     30       $          (11  )  
  translation                                                               
  Interest rate                             (2,651  )            (1,511  )  
  swap—unrealized loss                                                      
  Total other                                                               
  comprehensive loss,                       (2,621  )            (1,522  )  
  net of                                                                    
  tax                                                                       
  Total comprehensive     $               (262,616  )    $      117,518     
  income (loss)                                                             
  Net income (loss)       $                  (1.37  )    $         0.36     
  per share, basic(3)                                                       
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  per share,              $                  (1.37  )    $         0.36     
  diluted(3)                                                                
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 189,533,630          210,937,147     
  (loss) per share,                                                         
  basic(3)                                                                  
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 189,533,630          212,365,429     
  (loss) per share,                                                         
  diluted(3)                                                                
  Pro forma net income                                                      
  (loss) per share,                                                         
  basic                                                                     
  (unaudited)(3)                                                            
  Pro forma net income                                                      
  (loss) per share,                                                         
  diluted                                                                   
  (unaudited)(3)                                                            
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing pro forma                                                       
  net income per                                                            
  share, basic                                                              
  (unaudited)(3)                                                            
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing pro forma                                                       
  net income per                                                            
  share, diluted                                                            
  (unaudited)(3)                                                            
                                                                            
12

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                   
                                          Year Ended               
                                        December 31,               
                                                2018         2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                       -in thousands               
  Cost of revenue                   $            517    $     124  
  Sales and marketing                          2,582        1,922  
  Research and development                     1,009        5,009  
  General and administrative                   1,357        3,167  
  Total stock-based compensation    $          5,465    $  10,222  
                                                                   
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                          
                                                 Year Ended               
                                               December 31,               
                                                       2018         2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                              -in thousands               
  Cost of revenue                          $          7,932    $  74,787  
  Sales and marketing                                   495        7,641  
  Total amortization expense related to    $          8,427    $  82,428  
  acquired intangibles                                                    
                                                                          
                                                                            
       See Notes 2 and 3 to our consolidated financial statements included  
       elsewhere in this prospectus for an                                  
  (3)  explanation of method used to compute the historical and pro forma   
       net income (loss) per share and the number of shares used in the     
       computation of the per share amounts.                                
                                                                            
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
                                                                            
                          As of                                             
                       December                                             
                       31, 2019                                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                               Pro Forma    
                         Actual          Pro Forma(1)          as           
                                                               Adjusted(2…  
                            -in                                             
                      thousands                                             
  Cash and                                                                  
  cash           $      396,247       $       396,247       $               
  equivalents                                                               
  Working               347,346               347,346                       
  capital(4)                                                                
  Total               1,202,485             1,202,485                       
  assets                                                                    
  Total debt          1,180,584             1,180,584                       
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred             399,589                     —                       
  stock                                                                     
  Accumulated          (887,213  )           (887,213  )                    
  deficit                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  stockholde…          (256,567  )           (256,567  )                    
  (deficit)                                                                 
  equity                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The pro forma column in the consolidated balance sheet data table    
       above reflects (i) the Capital Stock                                 
       Conversions, as if such conversions had occurred on December 31,     
  (1)  2019, and (ii) the filing and effectiveness of our amended and       
       restated certificate of incorporation that will become effective     
       immediately prior to the completion of this                          
       offering.                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The pro forma as adjusted column in the balance sheet data table     
       above gives effect to (i) the pro forma                              
       adjustments set forth above, (ii) the sale and issuance by us of     
       shares of our common stock in this offering, based upon the assumed  
       initial public offering price of $           per share, which        
  (2)  is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range set forth on   
       the cover page of this prospectus, and after deducting estimated     
       underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering        
       expenses, and (iii) the application of the estimated                 
       net proceeds from this offering, as described in the section titled  
       “Use of Proceeds.”                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public        
       offering price of                                                    
       $           per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated        
       offering price range set forth on the cover page of this             
       prospectus, would increase or decrease the amount of our pro forma   
  (3)  as adjusted                                                          
       cash and cash equivalents, working capital, total assets, and total  
       stockholders’ (deficit) equity by $           million, assuming      
       that the number of shares of common stock offered, as set            
       forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same, after  
       deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions. An       
       increase or decrease                                                 
                                                                            
13

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  of 1.0 million shares in the number of shares offered by us would         
  increase or decrease, as applicable, the amount of our pro forma as       
  adjusted cash and cash equivalents, working capital,                      
  total assets, and total stockholders’ (deficit) equity by $               
  million, assuming the assumed initial public offering price remains the   
  same, and after deducting estimated underwriting                          
  discounts and commissions.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (4)  Working capital is defined as current assets less current            
       liabilities.                                                         
                                                                            
Non-GAAPFinancial Measures We review a number of operating and financial
metrics, including the following financial measures that were not prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) to
evaluate our business. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our overall assessment of our
performance, including the preparation of our annual operating budget and
quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the effectiveness of our business
strategies, and to communicate with our board of directors concerning our
financial performance.
                                                                            
                               Year Ended December 31,                      
                                                  2018             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                 -in thousands, except                      
                                           percentages                      
  Adjusted EBITDA           $                  255,618       $  301,371     
  Adjusted EBITDA margin                          52.9  %          30.3  %  
                                                                            
See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAPFinancial Measures” for a
description of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBTIDA margin and a
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly
comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.

14

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and
uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information
in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited
pro forma condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in
this prospectus before making a decision to invest in our common stock.
Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects
could also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties that are not
presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. If
any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that
event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could
lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and
Industry We have a limited operating history, especially with respect to
our AppLovin Apps, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current
business and future performance and the risks we may encounter. Our
limited operating history, especially with respect to our AppLovin Apps,
which we launched in 2018, may make it difficult to evaluate our current
business and our future performance. We have encountered and will continue
to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing
companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the mobile app
ecosystem, including our ability to:
                                                                         
  •    accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses;  
                                                                         
                                                                            
  •    attract new and retain existing business clients using AppLovin      
       Software and users of our Apps;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    successfully compete with current and future competitors, some of    
       whom are also our clients;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    successfully expand our business in existing markets and enter new   
       markets and geographies;                                             
                                                                            
                                                                      
  •    successfully execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that  
  •    can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage,                 
       as well as the deployment of new features and services;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    comply with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our  
       business;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the   
       markets in which we operate;                                         
                                                                            
                                                         
  •    establish and maintain our brand and reputation;  
                                                         
                                                                            
  •    adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways businesses and          
       consumers interact with technology;                                  
                                                                            
                                             
  •    effectively manage our rapid growth;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    avoid interruptions or disruptions in our AppLovin Core              
       Technologies, Software, or Apps; and                                 
                                                                            
                                                   
  •    hire, integrate, and retain key personnel.  
                                                   
Further, because we have limited historical financial data, including
limited data regarding the integration of our strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any 15

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 financial planning and forecasting, including
predictions about our future revenue and expenses, may not be as accurate as
they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more
predictable market. If our assumptions regarding these risks and
uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect
or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of
operations could differ materially from our expectations. If we fail to
address the risks and uncertainties that we face, including those described
elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our results of
operations are likely to fluctuate from period-to-period,which could cause
the market price of our common stock to decline. Our results of operations
have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate significantly from
quarter-to-quarterand year-to-yearin the future for a variety of reasons,
many of which are outside of our control and difficult to predict. As a
result, you should not rely upon our historical results of operations as
indicators of future performance. Numerous factors can influence our results
of operations, including:
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain and grow our business client and user        
       bases;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to our Core Technologies, Software, Apps, or other           
  •    offerings, or the development and introduction of new                
       Software or development of new mobile apps by our studios or our     
       competitors;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to the policies or practices of companies or governmental    
  •    agencies that determine access to third-party                        
       platforms, such as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store,    
       or to our Software, Apps, website, or the internet generally;        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to the policies or practices of third-party platforms, such  
       as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store,                    
  •    including with respect to Apple’s Identifier for Advertisers         
       (IDFA), which helps advertisers assess the effectiveness of their    
       advertising efforts;                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond our         
       current Software and Apps;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the actions of our competitors, both with respect to their own       
  •    offerings and, to the extent such competitors are also               
       our clients, with respect to their use of our Software;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       costs and expenses related to the strategic acquisitions and         
       partnerships, including costs related to integrating mobile          
  •    gaming studios or other companies that we acquire, as well as costs  
       and expenses related to the development of our Core Technologies,    
       Software, or Apps;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                          
  •    our ability to maintain or improve profitability;  
                                                          
                                                                            
       increases in and timing of operating expenses that we may incur to   
  •    grow and expand our operations and to remain                         
       competitive;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       system failures or outages, or actual or perceived breaches of       
  •    security or privacy, and the costs associated with                   
       preventing, responding to, or remediating any such outages or        
       breaches;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including      
  •    with respect to privacy and data protection, or actions              
       by governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent    
       decrees;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       charges associated with impairment of any assets on our balance      
  •    sheet or changes in our expected estimated useful life               
       of property and equipment and intangible assets;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other                  
  •    litigation-related costs and the fees associated with investigating  
       and defending claims;                                                
                                                                            
16

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  •    changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, such as with   
       respect to privacy;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by the  
  •    mix of income we earn in the United States and in                    
       jurisdictions with comparatively lower tax rates;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory          
  •    interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the               
       period such laws are enacted or interpretations are issued and may   
       significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period;          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the application of new or changing financial accounting standards    
       or practices; and                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes in regional or global business or macroeconomic conditions,  
  •    including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact     
       the other factors described above.                                   
                                                                            
In particular, it is difficult to predict if, when, or how quickly newly-
launched Software may begin to generate revenue or decline in popularity.
Further, we cannot be certain if a new App will become popular amongst users
and generate revenue. The success of our business depends in part on our
ability to develop and enhance our Software and consistently and timely
launch new Apps. It is difficult for us to predict with certainty when we
will expand our Software suite or launch a new App as we may require longer
development schedules or soft launch periods to meet our quality standards
and expectations. If our business clients do not adopt our new Software
offerings, or develop or further invest in their own competing alternatives,
or if we are unable to successfully launch or acquire new Apps or maintain
or improve existing Apps, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. Fluctuations in our results of operations may cause such
results to fall below our financial guidance or the expectations of analysts
or investors, which could cause the market price of our common stock to
decline. The mobile app ecosystem is intensely competitive. If business
clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected. We face significant competition in the mobile app
ecosystem. We offer a suite of solutions for developers to get their mobile
apps discovered and downloaded by the right users, optimize return on
marketing spend, and maximize the monetization of their engagement. We
collect revenue from business clients for fees paid by mobile app
advertisers, including developers, that use our Software and from the sale
of advertising inventory of our Apps. Advertisers often engage with several
advertising platforms and networks to purchase advertisements on mobile apps
and developers often engage with multiple tools to market and monetize their
apps. Accordingly, we face significant competition from traditional, online
and mobile businesses that provide ad networks and platforms, mobile apps
and games, media, and other services for advertisers to reach relevant
audiences. We also face competition from providers of developer tools that
enable developers to reach their audiences or manage or optimize their
advertising campaigns. These competitors vary in size and include Facebook,
Google, Twitter, and Unity Software as well as various private companies.
Some of our Enterprise Clients, including Facebook, Google, and Unity
Software, are also our competitors. 4Additionally, our studios build many of
our Apps using the development kits offered by Unity Software. Clients who
are also competitors may decide to invest in their own offerings rather than
continue to use our Software or advertise on our Apps. Additionally, we also
compete with businesses that develop online and mobile games and other
mobile apps, which vary in size and include companies such as Activision
Blizzard, Tencent, and Zynga, as well as other public and private companies.
Many of these companies are also our partners
                                                                            
     See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of        
  4  Financial Condition and Results of                                     
     Operations” for a discussion of how we define Enterprise Clients.      
                                                                            
17

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 and clients. As we expand our global operations and
mobile app offerings, we increasingly face competition from high-profile
companies with significant online presences that may introduce new or
expanded offerings, such as Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Snap. In
addition, other large companies that to date have not actively focused on
mobile apps or gaming may decide to develop mobile apps or gaming offerings,
such as Amazon’s recently introduced games platform, or partner with other
developers. Some of these current and potential competitors have
significantly greater resources that can be used to develop, acquire, or
brand additional mobile apps or gaming alternatives, and may have more
diversified revenue sources than we do and therefore may be less severely
affected by changes in consumer preferences, regulations, or other
developments that may impact our business or industry. Further, as there are
relatively low barriers to entry to develop and publish a mobile app, we
expect new competitors to enter the market and existing competitors to
allocate more resources towards developing and marketing competing games and
apps. Because our mobile games are free to play, our Apps compete primarily
on the basis of user experience rather than price. The proliferation of apps
makes it difficult for us to differentiate ourselves from our competitors
and compete for users and the success of our Apps will depend in part on our
Software continuing to provide effective marketing and monetization tools.
We also face competition for advertising spending and for the discretionary
spending, leisure time, and attention of our users from game platforms such
as personal computer and console games, and other leisure time activities,
such as television, movies, music, sports, and the internet. In addition,
non-gameapplications for mobile devices, such as social media and messaging,
television, movies, music, dating, and sports, have become increasingly
popular, making the overall mobile app ecosystem highly fragmented and
making it more difficult for any mobile app to differentiate itself. Our
future growth depends in part on the overall health of the mobile app
ecosystem and in particular, mobile gaming. Increasing competition could
result in decreases in our Monthly Active Payers (MAPs), increased user
acquisition costs, lower engagement with our Apps, and loss of key
personnel, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, or results of operations. 5 Some of our current and potential
competitors may be domiciled in different countries and subject to
political, legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more
effectively than us, particularly outside of the United States. Some of our
current and potential competitors may have greater resources, more
diversified revenue streams, better technological or data analytics
capabilities, or stronger brands or competitive positions in certain product
segments, geographic regions, or user demographics than we do. If business
clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own,
or if our competitors are better able to adapt to changes in the preferences
of advertisers or users, regulations, or other developments, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The mobile app ecosystem is subject to rapid technological change, and if we
do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging
technologies and business models, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. Technology changes
rapidly in the mobile app ecosystem. Our future success depends in part on
our ability to adapt to trends and to innovate. To attract new business
clients and users and increase revenue from our current business clients and
users, we will need to enhance and improve our Core Technologies, Software,
and Apps. Enhancements of our existing technology and offerings, and new
offerings, may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and
may contain errors or defects.
                                                                            
     See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of        
  5  Financial Condition and Results of                                     
     Operations” for a discussion of how we calculate Monthly Active        
     Payers.                                                                
                                                                            
18

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Our business also currently depends in part on the
growth and evolution of the internet, especially mobile internet-enabled
devices. The number of people using mobile internet-enabled devices has
increased rapidly over time, and we expect that this trend will continue.
However, the mobile app ecosystem may not grow in the way we anticipate. We
must continually anticipate and adapt to emerging technologies to stay
competitive. As the technological infrastructure for internet access
improves and evolves, consumers will be presented with more opportunities to
access apps and play games on a variety of devices and platforms and to
experience other leisure activities that may compete with mobile apps.
Forecasting the financial impact of these emerging technologies and business
models is inherently uncertain and volatile. If we decide to support a new
technology or business model in the future, it may require partnering with a
new platform, technology, or business partner, which may be on terms that
are less favorable to us than those for traditional technologies or business
models. To invest in a new technology or expand our offerings, we must
invest financial resources and management attention. We may invest
significant resources in a new offering or in a strategic acquisition or
partnership, which could prove unsuccessful or prevent us from directing
these resources towards other opportunities. We may never recover the often-
substantial up-frontcosts of developing and marketing emerging technologies
or business models, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting management
and financial resources. Further, our competitors may adopt an emerging
technology or business model more quickly or effectively than we do,
creating products that are technologically superior to ours or attract more
users than ours. If, on the other hand, we do not continue to enhance our
Core Technologies, Software, or Apps, or do not appropriately allocate our
resources amongst opportunities, or we otherwise elect not to pursue new
business models that achieve significant commercial success, we may face
adverse consequences. For example, we do not currently offer our Apps on all
devices or all gaming platforms. If the devices on which our Apps are
available decline in popularity or become obsolete faster than anticipated,
or if new platforms emerge other than those on which our games are offered,
we could experience a decline in revenue and in our number of MAPs, and we
may not achieve the anticipated return on our development efforts. It may
take significant time and expenditures to shift product development
resources to new technologies, and it may be more difficult to compete
against existing products incorporating such technologies. If new
technologies render mobile devices obsolete or we are unable to successfully
adapt to and appropriately allocate our resources amongst current and new
technologies, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected. The failure to attract new business clients,
the loss of clients, or a reduction in spending by these clients could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. A significant portion of our revenue is Business Revenue. 6We
collect Business Revenue from advertisers spending on our Software and Apps.
Business Revenue from our Software, which is mostly from AppDiscovery, is
generated from our advertisers, typically on a performance-based, cost-per-
installbasis, then shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a
cost per impression model. Business Revenue generated from our Apps comes
from advertisers that purchase ad inventory from our diverse portfolio of
mobile games.As is common in the mobile app ecosystem and in the advertising
industry, our business clients do not have long-term advertising commitments
with us. Our success depends in part on our ability to satisfy our
advertising partners. Business Revenue could also be impacted by a number of
other factors, including:
                                                            
  •    our ability to attract and retain business clients;  
                                                            
                                                                            
     See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of        
  6  Financial Condition and Results of                                     
     Operations” for a discussion of our Business Revenue.                  
                                                                            
19

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  •    our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of our   
       advertising and matching algorithms;                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our ability to maintain or increase advertiser demand and            
  •    third-party publisher supply, the quantity, or quality of            
       advertisements shown to users, or our pricing of advertisements;     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to continue to increase user access to and engagement    
       with our Apps;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       mobile app changes or inventory management decisions we may make     
  •    that change the size, format, frequency, or relative                 
       prominence of advertisements displayed on our Apps;                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to recruit, train, and retain personnel to support       
       continued growth of our Platform;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                        
  •    our ability to establish and maintain our brand and reputation;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       loss of market share to our competitors, including if competitors    
  •    offer lower priced, more integrated, or otherwise more               
       effective products;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the development and success of technologies designed to block the    
       display of advertisements or block our ad measurement                
  •    tools, which have in the past impacted and may in the future impact  
       our business, or technologies that make it easier for users to opt   
       out of behavioral targeting;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and   
       measurement solutions offered by us or third parties                 
  •    that demonstrate the value of our Software to advertisers,           
       developers and publishers, or our ability to further improve such    
       tools;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal        
  •    developments relating to advertising, including                      
       developments that may impact our ability to deliver, target, or      
       measure the effectiveness of advertising;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the    
       effectiveness of advertising, including changes to                   
       policies by mobile operating system and third-party platform         
       providers, and the degree to which users opt out of certain types    
  •    of ad targeting as a result of changes and controls implemented in   
       connection with the E.U. General Data Protection                     
       Regulation (the GDPR), ePrivacy Directive, the California Consumer   
       Privacy Act (the CCPA), and the Children’s Online Privacy            
       Protection Act (the COPPA);                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       decisions by business clients to reduce their advertising due to     
       concerns about legal liability or uncertainty regarding              
  •    their own legal and compliance obligations, or due to negative       
       publicity, regardless of its accuracy, involving us, our user data   
       practices, advertising metrics or tools, our Software or Apps, or    
       other companies in our industry; and                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including the impact of the  
       COVID-19                                                             
  •    pandemic and responses thereto, and seasonality, whether in the      
       advertising industry in general, or among specific types of          
       advertisers or within particular geographies.                        
                                                                            
From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our
revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other factors
in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our Software and use
of our Apps, which may reduce the prices we receive for our advertisements
or cause business clients to stop advertising with us altogether, either of
which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. The
failure to attract new business clients, loss of business clients, or
reduction in spending by business clients could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 20

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and
successfully monetize them, or continue to improve the experience and
monetization of our existing Apps, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. Our business depends in
part on launching or acquiring, and continuing to service, mobile apps that
users will download and spend time and money using. We have devoted and we
expect to continue to devote substantial resources to the research,
development, analytics, and marketing of our Apps. Our development and
marketing efforts are focused on improving the experience of our existing
Apps, developing new Apps, and successfully monetizing our Apps. Our Apps
generate revenue primarily through the sale of advertising, a substantial
portion of which comes from other mobile gaming clients, and IAPs. For Apps
distributed through third-party platforms, we are required to share a
portion of the proceeds from in-gamesales with the platform providers, which
share may be subject to changes or increases over time. In order to maintain
and increase our profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue from
our existing and new Apps to offset our ongoing development, marketing, and
other operating expenses. Successfully monetizing our Apps is difficult and
requires that we deliver user experiences that a sufficient number of users
will pay for through IAPs or we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize
our Apps, including by serving in-appadvertising. The success of our Apps
depends in part on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control
including user preferences, competing apps, new third-party platforms, and
the availability of other entertainment experiences. If our Apps do not meet
user expectations or if they are not brought to market in a timely and
effective manner, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. In addition, our ability to successfully launch or acquire Apps
and their ability to achieve commercial success will depend in part on our
ability to:
                                                               
  •    effectively market our Apps to existing and new users;  
                                                               
                                                                            
  •    achieve a positive return on investment from our marketing and user  
       acquisition costs or achieve organic user growth;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       adapt to changing trends, user preferences, new technologies, and    
       new feature sets for mobile and other devices,                       
  •    including determining whether to invest in development for any new   
       technologies, and achieve a positive return on the costs associated  
       with such adaptation;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       continue to adapt mobile app feature sets for an increasingly        
  •    diverse set of mobile devices, including various operating           
       systems and specifications, limited bandwidth, and varying           
       processing power and screen sizes;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    achieve and maintain successful user engagement and effectively      
       monetize our Apps;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       develop mobile games that can build upon or become franchise games   
  •    and expand and enhance our mobile games after their                  
       initial releases;                                                    
                                                                            
                                              
  •    develop Apps other than mobile games;  
                                              
                                                                      
  •    identify and execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;  
                                                                      
                                                      
  •    attract advertisers to advertise on our Apps;  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    partner with third-party platforms and obtain featuring              
       opportunities;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    compete successfully against a large and growing number of           
       competitors;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations,        
  •    including mobile app and feature development, marketing,             
       and user acquisition;                                                
                                                                            
                                                      
  •    minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages;  
                                                      
21

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  •    acquire, or invest in, and successfully integrate high quality       
       mobile app companies or technologies; and                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other    
       key personnel from such acquisitions and investments.                
                                                                            
These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will
succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if successful,
certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games, may have a relatively
short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand into additional genres of mobile
games or additional categories of mobile apps, we will face risks specific
to those genres or categories. For example, in mid-coregames, there is
typically a higher upfront investment prior to the launch of a game compared
to casual games, which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose
us to greater risks as our financial condition and results of operations
will be more significantly adversely affected to the extent such a game does
not become popular and commercially successful. If we are not successful in
launching new mobile games or expanding into other genres of mobile games or
categories of mobile apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to retain existing users
or add new users cost-effectively, or if our users decrease their level of
engagement with Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. The size of our user base and the
level of user engagement with our Apps are critical to our success. Our
results of operations have been and will continue to be significantly
determined by our success in acquiring and engaging MAPs. We expect that the
number of our MAPs may fluctuate or decline in one or more markets from time
to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved higher penetration
rates. In addition, if people do not perceive our Apps as useful or
entertaining, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise
maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement, which
could harm our revenue. A number of mobile apps that achieved early
popularity have since seen their user bases or user engagement levels
decline. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar erosion
of our MAPs or user engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns have
changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure,
particularly as we introduce new and different Apps. Any number of factors
can adversely affect MAP growth and engagement, including if:
                                                                            
       users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors    
  •    or mobile apps in categories other than those of our                 
       Apps;                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find engaging   
  •    or that achieve a high level of market acceptance or                 
       we introduce new Apps, or make changes to existing Apps that are     
       not favorably received;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the    
  •    decisions we make with respect to the frequency,                     
       prominence, format, size, and quality of advertisements that we      
       display;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing   
  •    our Apps as a result of actions by us or third                       
       parties;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    we are unable to continue to develop Apps that work with a variety   
       of mobile operating systems and networks; and                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       questions about the quality of our Apps, our data practices or       
  •    concerns related to privacy and sharing of personal                  
       information and other user data, safety, security, or other          
       factors.                                                             
                                                                            
Additionally, we expect it will become increasingly difficult and more
expensive for us to acquire users for our Apps for a variety of reasons,
including the increasingly competitive nature of the mobile 22

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 app ecosystem and the significant amount of time and
attention users are dedicating to competing entertainment options. Further,
we believe that changes that Apple has implemented during the last several
years to its platform, particularly the removal of the Top Grossing rankings
and decreasing the prominence of the Top Free rankings, may adversely affect
the number of organic downloads of our Apps. If our competitors increase
their user acquisition spending, we could experience higher costs per an
install for our Apps, which would adversely affect our revenue and margins.
Furthermore, our spending on user acquisition is based on certain
assumptions about their projected behavior, particularly for new Apps for
which we do not have similar Apps in our portfolio to aid us in our modeling
efforts. If we are unable to grow our user base and increase our user
engagement levels, or unable to do so cost effectively, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We have experienced significant growth through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and we face risks related to the integration of such
acquisitions and the management of such growth. As part of our growth
strategy, we have frequently acquired companies, businesses, personnel, and
technologies in the past, and we intend to continue to evaluate and pursue
strategic acquisitions and partnerships. For example, since 2018, we have
invested over $1 billion across 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
including for the acquisition of PeopleFun in the first quarter of 2018, MAX
in the third quarter of 2018, SafeDK in July 2019, and Machine Zone, Inc.
(Machine Zone) in May 2020. In addition, in February 2021, we entered into a
share purchase agreement to acquire Adjust. Each of these acquisitions
require unique approaches to integration due to, among other reasons, the
structure of the acquisitions, the size, locations and cultural differences
among their teams and ours, and has required, and will continue to require,
attention from our management team. As we continue to grow, the size of our
acquisitions and investments may increase. For instance, our acquisition of
Machine Zone was our largest acquisition to date, and we expect our
acquisition of Adjust to have a greater total purchase consideration. In
addition to the larger purchase prices associated with such acquisitions and
investments, larger acquisitions and investments may also require additional
management resources to integrate more significant and often more complex
businesses into our company. We will continue to explore and evaluate
additional acquisitions, some of which may be the same size or even larger
in scale and investment than the Machine Zone acquisition and our pending
acquisition of Adjust. Our future success depends in part on our ability to
integrate these acquisitions and manage these businesses, partnerships, and
transactions effectively. If we are unable to obtain the anticipated
benefits or synergies of such acquisitions, or we encounter difficulties
integrating acquired businesses with ours, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Challenges
and risks from such strategic acquisitions and partnerships include:
                                                                            
       diversion of our management’s attention in the acquisition and       
  •    integration process, including oversight over                        
       acquired businesses which continue their operations under            
       contingent consideration provisions in acquisition agreements;       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from        
  •    changes in compensation, or changes in management,                   
       reporting relationships, or future performance;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the need to integrate the operations, systems, technologies,         
       products, and personnel of each acquired company, the                
  •    inefficiencies and lack of control that may result if such           
       integration is delayed or not implemented, and unforeseen            
       difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with      
       integration;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the need to implement internal controls, procedures, and policies    
  •    appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at               
       companies that prior to acquisition may not have as robust           
                                                                            
23

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  controls, procedures, and policies, in particular, with respect to the    
  effectiveness of internal controls, cyber and information security        
  practices and incident response plans, compliance with                    
  privacy and other regulations protecting the rights of clients and        
  users, and compliance with U.S.-based economic policies and sanctions     
  which may not have previously been applicable to the acquired company’s   
  operations;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the difficulty in accurately forecasting and accounting for the      
       financial impact of an acquisition transaction,                      
  •    including accounting charges, write-offs of deferred revenue under   
       purchase accounting, and integrating and reporting results for       
       acquired companies that have not historically followed GAAP;         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the implementation of restructuring actions and cost reduction       
  •    initiatives to streamline operations and improve cost                
       efficiencies;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the fact that we may be required to pay contingent consideration in  
  •    excess of the initial fair value, and contingent                     
       consideration may become payable at a time when we do not have       
       sufficient cash available to pay such consideration;                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate           
       operations across different cultures and languages and to            
  •    address the particular economic, currency, political, and            
       regulatory risks associated with specific countries as well as tax   
       risks that may arise from the acquisition;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       increasing legal, regulatory, and compliance exposure, and the       
       additional costs related to mitigate each of those, as a             
  •    result of adding new offices, employees and other service            
       providers, benefit plans, equity, job types, and lines of business   
       globally; and                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       liability for activities of the acquired company before the          
       acquisition, including intellectual property, commercial,            
  •    and other litigation claims or disputes, cyber and information       
       security vulnerabilities, violations of laws, rules and              
       regulations, including with respect to employee classification, tax  
       liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.                
                                                                            
If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage our acquisitions and
strategic partnerships, we may not realize the expected benefits of such
transactions or become exposed to additional liabilities, and our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. We face a number of risks related to these
transactions. We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations
with additional strategic acquisitions or partnerships, strategic
collaborations, joint ventures, or licensing arrangements. As we continue to
grow, these transactions may be larger and require significant investments,
such as our acquisition of Machine Zone and our pending acquisition of
Adjust. We may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions or
partnerships for many reasons, including our ability to identify suitable
targets, increasing competition from other potential acquirers, the effects
of consolidation in our industries, potentially high valuations of
acquisition candidates, and the availability of financing to complete larger
acquisitions. Even if we do complete any such transactions, we may incur
significant costs, such as professional service fees. In addition,
applicable antitrust laws and other regulations may limit our ability to
acquire targets, particularly larger targets, or force us to divest an
acquired business. If we are unable to identify suitable targets or complete
acquisitions, our growth prospects could be adversely affected, and we may
not be able to realize sufficient scale and technological advantages to
compete effectively in all markets. Further, completing larger acquisitions
or other strategic transactions is significantly riskier in that such
transactions require additional consideration and management attention to
complete, and could introduce additional exposure to regulatory and
compliance risk. To complete these transactions, we 24

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

may need to spend large amounts of cash, which may not be available to us on
acceptable terms, if at all, or issue equity or equity-linked consideration,
which may dilute our current
stockholders. For example, in connection with our pending acquisition of
Adjust, we expect to issue acquisition stock, a convertible security that
will automatically convert after the lapse of thirty trading days following
this offering into a
number of shares of our common stock determined by dividing $352.0 million
by the preceding 15-day volume-weighted average trading price per share of
our common stock. See the section titled “Description of Capital
Stock—Acquisition
Stock” for additional information. Further, we generally devote more time
and resources towards performing diligence on larger transactions and may be
required to devote more resources towards regulatory requirements in
connection with such
transactions. To the extent that we do not perform sufficient diligence on a
larger acquisition or such a transaction does not generate the expected
benefits, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will
be harmed, and to a
greater extent than would occur with a smaller transaction.

Absent such strategic transactions, we would need to undertake
additional development or commercialization activities at our own expense.
If we elect to fund and undertake such additional efforts on our own, we may
need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be
available to our
company on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to do any of the
foregoing, we may not be able to develop our Core Technologies, Software,
and Apps effectively or achieve our expected product roadmap on a timely
basis, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The benefits of a strategic acquisition or partnership may
also take considerable time to develop, and we cannot be certain that any
particular strategic acquisition or partnership will produce the intended
benefits. Further, acquisitions could result in potential dilutive issuances
of equity securities,
use of significant cash balances or incurrence of debt (and increased
interest expense), contingent liabilities or amortization expenses related
to intangible assets, or write-offs of goodwill and intangible assets. If we
are unable to identify and
complete strategic acquisitions or partnerships, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships may expose us to tax risks.

From time to time, we have acquired and may acquire companies, assets,
businesses, and technologies and we have entered into and may
enter into other strategic partnerships and transactions. We face a variety
of tax risks related to such transactions, including that we may be required
to make tax withholdings in various jurisdictions in connection with such
transactions or as
part of our continuing operations following a transaction, and that the
companies or businesses we acquire may cause us to alter our international
tax structure or otherwise create more complexity with respect to tax
matters. Additionally, while we
typically include indemnification provisions in our definitive agreements
related to strategic acquisitions and partnerships, these indemnification
provisions may be insufficient in the event that tax liabilities are greater
than expected or in
areas that are not fully covered by indemnification. If we are unable to
adequately predict and address such tax issues as they arise, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios, and
a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our ability to launch new
Apps as well as our brand and reputation.

From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with
mobile gaming studios (our Partner Studios). We have historically allowed
these Partner Studios to continue their operations with a degree of
autonomy. In certain of these transactions, we have bought games from such
Partner Studios and entered into
development agreements whereby such Partner Studios provide us support in

25

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

developing and improving games and grant us a right of first refusal with
respect to future games. These agreements typically have a fixed term, after
which our Partner Studios may choose not to
continue working with us. Any deterioration in our relationship with these
Partner Studios may harm our ability to monetize the games we purchase and
launch future mobile games developed by these Partner Studios and may lead
to such Partner Studios
choosing not to renew their partnerships with us. Further, if a Partner
Studio becomes dissatisfied with us, our brand and reputation may be harmed
and we may have more difficulty entering into similar partnerships in the
future. Additionally, our
international Partner Studios may be located in areas with less certain
legal and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, which may increase our
costs to maintain such strategic partnership. If we are unable to maintain
any of these
partnerships, we may be required to invest significant resources in
expanding our other studios or entering into agreements with additional
mobile gaming studios in order to continue producing the same volume and
quality of Apps, and our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect revenue,
and if our ability to do so is harmed, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem depends in part on a relatively small number of
third-party distribution platforms, such as the Apple App Store,
the Google Play Store, and Facebook, some of which are direct competitors.
We derive significant revenue from the distribution of our Apps through
these third-party platforms and almost all of our IAPs are made through the
payment processing systems
of these third-party platforms. We are subject to the standard policies and
terms of service of such third-party platforms, which generally govern the
promotion, distribution, content, and operation of applications on such
platforms. Each platform
provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service
and other policies with respect to us and other mobile app companies, and
those changes may be unfavorable to us. A platform provider may also change
its fee structure, add
fees associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how mobile
apps are labeled or are able to advertise on its platform, change how the
personal information of its users is made available to developers on its
platform, limit the use of
personal information for advertising purposes, restrict how users can share
information on its platform or across platforms, or significantly increase
the level of compliance or requirements necessary to use its platform. For
example, in June 2020,
Apple announced a plan to overhaul IDFA, which anonymously profiles users
and allows for increased amounts of targeted advertising. We rely in part on
IDFA to provide us with data that helps our Software better market and
monetize Apps and to the
extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar offering, our Software may
not be as effective, we may not be able to continue to efficiently generate
revenue for our Apps, and our revenue and results of operations may be
harmed. Any similar
changes to the policies of Apple or Google may materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we violate, or a distribution platform provider believes we have
violated, a distribution platform’s terms of service, or if
there is any change or deterioration in our relationship with such
distribution provider, that platform provider could limit or discontinue our
access to its platform. For example, in August 2020, Apple and Google
removed a mobile game developed by
one of our competitors from their platforms for violating their standard
policies and terms of service. If one of our distribution platform partners
were to limit or discontinue the distribution of our Apps on their platform,
it could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We also rely on the continued popularity, user adoption, and
functionality of third-party platforms. In the past, some of these platform
providers have been unavailable for short periods of time or experienced
issues with their in-app purchasing functionality. In addition, third-party
platforms also impose
certain file size limitations, which may limit the ability of users to
download some of our larger Apps in over-the-air updates. Aside from these
over-the-air file size limitations, a larger game file size

26

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

could cause users to delete our mobile games once the file size grows beyond
the capacity of their devices’ storage limitations or could reduce the
number of downloads of these mobile games.

If issues arise with third-party platforms that impact the visibility or
availability of our Apps, our users’ ability to
access our Apps or our ability to monetize our Apps, or otherwise impact the
design or effectiveness of our Software, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our revenue has been concentrated in various ways and the loss of, or a
significant reduction in, any such revenue source, or our failure to
successfully expand and diversify our revenue sources could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We have historically experienced revenue concentration with respect to
certain Apps as well as other facets of our business. Our future
success depends, in part, on launching or acquiring and successfully
monetizing additional Apps and on establishing and maintaining successful
relationships with a diverse set of business clients. While our Apps consist
of over 200 mobile games,
currently a limited number of those are responsible for a significant
portion of our revenue. In 2020, two games, Matchington Mansion and
Wordscapes, collectively represented % of our
revenue. The loss or failure to successfully monetize one of these Apps
could have a significant impact on our results of operation. Similarly, our
future success depends, in part, on the ability of our Owned Studios and
Partner Studios to launch
and monetize additional mobile games and other mobile apps, as well as, on
our ability to successfully acquire and monetize additional mobile games and
other mobile apps, and these Apps may not be successfully diversify our
revenue concentration. If
we are unable to successfully launch or acquire new Apps, our reliance on a
limited number of Apps may increase. Additionally, certain genres of games
typically rely on only a small portion of their total users for a
significant amount of their
revenue, and as we expand our number of Apps in these genres, such as mid-
core, we may experience these effects and need to attract, engage, and
increase the spending levels of these particular users to achieve success.

More generally, we face concentration risk in that our Software and Apps
operate in the mobile app ecosystem and specifically mobile
gaming. As such, our business depends, in part, on the continued health and
growth of these app ecosystems. Further, a significant amount of our total
revenue is derived through a limited number of third-party distribution
platforms, such as the
Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook. Because Facebook and
Google are also significant customers of Adjust, following the closing of
that acquisition, a deterioration in our or Adjust’s relationship with such
companies would
have a greater impact on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. If any of these concentrated portions of our revenue are harmed
or are lost, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely
affected.

We have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be indicative of our
future growth. We may be unable to effectively manage the growth of our
business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

We have experienced rapid growth in the scale, scope, and complexity of our
business. For example, while we only launched our Apps in
2018, today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over
200 free-to-play mobile games across eight genres, run by twelve studios.
Our growth in any
prior period should not be relied upon as an indication of our future
performance, as we may not be able to sustain our growth rate in the future.
Even if our revenue continues to increase, we expect that our revenue growth
rate may decline in the
future as a result of a variety of factors, including because of more
difficult comparisons to prior periods and the saturation of the market. The
overall growth of our revenue depends in part on our ability to execute on
our growth strategies.

27

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Additionally, the growth and expansion of our business
has placed and continues to place a significant strain on our management,
operations, financial infrastructure, and corporate culture. Our future
success depends in part on our ability to manage this expanded business and
to continue to grow both our Software and Apps. If not managed effectively,
this growth could result in the over-extensionof our management systems and
information technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may
not be adequate to support this growth. Failure to adequately manage our
growth in any of these ways may cause damage to our brand and reputation and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Our future growth may involve expansion into new business
opportunities, and any efforts to do so that are unsuccessful or are not
cost-effective could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations. In the past, we have grown by expanding our offerings
into new business opportunities and we expect to continue to do so. We have
dedicated resources to expanding into adjacent business opportunities in
which large competitors have an established presence, as was the case with
our Apps. Additionally, our future growth may include expansion into
additional genres of mobile games or into other mobile app sectors, which
may require significant investment in order to launch and which may not be
prove successful. Our future growth depends in part on our ability to
correctly identify areas of investment and to cost-effectively execute on
our plans. We have in the past and may in the future expend significant
resources in connection with strategic acquisitions and partnerships to
expand into new business opportunities. Even if successful, the growth of
any new business opportunity could create significant challenges for our
management and operational resources and could require considerable
investment. The deployment of significant resources towards a new
opportunity that proves unsuccessful, or our inability to choose the correct
investment opportunities for our future, could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our international
operations are subject to increased challenges and risks. We expect to
continue to expand our international operations in the future by opening new
offices, entering into strategic partnerships with new international game
studios, and providing our Apps in additional countries and languages. For
example, our Owned Studios and Partner Studios are located throughout the
world, including in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes or
more potential risks, such as China and Vietnam. Expanding our international
operations may subject us to risks associated with:
                                                                            
  •    recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and         
       employees in foreign countries;                                      
                                                                            
                                                      
  •    the diversion of senior management attention;  
                                                      
                                                                           
  •    challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       developing and customizing Software and Apps that appeal to the      
  •    tastes and preferences of users in international                     
       markets;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the inability to offer certain Software or Apps in certain foreign   
       countries;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       competition from local mobile app developers with intellectual       
  •    property rights and significant market share in those                
       markets and with a better understanding of user preferences;         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    utilizing, protecting, defending, and enforcing our intellectual     
       property rights;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       negotiating agreements with local distribution platforms that are    
  •    sufficiently economically beneficial to us and                       
       protective of our rights;                                            
                                                                            
28

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  •    the inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content,    
       or technology into new jurisdictions;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       implementing alternative payment methods for features and virtual    
  •    goods in a manner that complies with local laws and                  
       practices and protects us from fraud;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, including   
       anti-bribery laws, privacy laws, and laws relating to                
  •    content and consumer protection (for example, the United Kingdom’s   
       Office of Fair Trading’s 2014 principles relating to IAPs in         
       free-to-play games that are                                          
       directed toward children 16 and under);                              
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;  
                                                        
                                             
  •    currency exchange rate fluctuations;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    protectionist laws and business practices that favor local           
       businesses in certain countries;                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       double taxation of our international earnings and potentially        
  •    adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws in           
       the United States or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;  
                                                                            
                                                     
  •    political, economic, and social instability;  
                                                     
                                                                            
       public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can       
  •    result in varying                                                    
       impacts to our employees, clients, users, advertisers, app           
       developers, and business partners internationally;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    higher costs associated with doing business internationally,         
       including costs related to local advisors;                           
                                                                            
                                          
  •    export or import regulations; and  
                                          
                                       
  •    trade and tariff restrictions.  
                                       
Our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular
international market is uncertain and, in the past, we have experienced
difficulties and have not been successful in all the countries we have
entered. If we are unable to continue to expand internationally or manage
the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our business depends in part on our ability to increase in-apppurchases,
manage the economies in our Apps and respond to changes with respect to in-
apppurchases, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Our business and future
growth depend in part on our ability to increase the amount of IAPs in our
Apps, which requires our studios to effectively design mobile games and
other apps that create features and virtual goods for which users will pay.
Users make IAPs because of the perceived value of virtual goods, which is
dependent on the relative ease of obtaining an equivalent good by playing
our mobile games. The perceived value of these virtual goods can be impacted
by various actions that we take in the mobile games including offering
discounts for virtual goods, giving away virtual goods in promotions, or
providing easier non-paidmeans to secure these goods. Managing virtual
economies is difficult and relies on our assumptions and judgement. Further,
changes in user preferences, including with respect to how they interact
with mobile apps and general views towards IAPs, could decrease levels of
spending on IAPs on our Apps and in the mobile app ecosystem generally. If
we fail to manage our virtual economies properly or fail to promptly and
successfully respond to any disruption in such economies, our reputation may
be harmed and our users may be less likely to play our mobile games and to
purchase virtual goods from us in the future, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 29

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

In addition, changes in the policies of Apple, Google, or other third-party
platforms,
or changes in accounting policies promulgated by the SEC, and national
accounting standards bodies affecting software and virtual goods revenue
recognition, could further significantly affect the way we report revenue
related to IAPs, which could
adversely affect our results of operations. Any changes in user, third-party
platform, or regulator views towards IAPs, or any inability by us to respond
to changing trends with respect to IAPs, could adversely affect our
business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are highly dependent on our co-founderand chief executive officer, as
well as our senior management team, and our business and growth may be
adversely affected if we fail to attract, retain, and motivate key
personnel.

Our future success depends in significant part on the continued service of
our key management and engineering personnel, including our co-founder and
chief executive officer, Adam Foroughi. Our ability to compete and grow
depends in part on the efforts and talents of these employees and
executives, who are important to our vision, strategic
direction, culture, products, and technology. We do not have employment
agreements, other than offer letters, with Mr. Foroughi or other members of
our senior management team, and we do not maintain
key-man insurance for members of our senior management team. The loss of Mr.
Foroughi or any other member of our senior management team could cause
disruption and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, or results of operations.

In addition, our ability to execute our strategy depends in part on our
continued ability and
the continued ability of our Partner Studios to identify, hire, develop,
motivate, and retain highly skilled employees, particularly in the
competitive fields of game development, product management, engineering, and
data science. We believe that
our corporate culture has been an important factor in our ability to hire
and retain key employees, and if we are unable to maintain our corporate
culture as we grow, we may be unable to foster the innovation, creativity,
and teamwork we believe we
need to support our growth. While we believe we compete favorably,
competition for highly skilled employees is intense, particularly in the San
Francisco Bay Area, where our headquarters is located. Interviewing, hiring,
and integrating new
employees has been and will continue to be particularly challenging during
the COVID-19 pandemic. As part of our global remote working plans,
throughout the duration of the
COVID-19 pandemic, we will devote increased efforts to maintaining our
collaborative culture, including through the use of videoconferencing and
other online communication and sharing tools, and to monitoring
the health, safety, morale, and productivity of our employees, including new
employees, as we evaluate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our
business and employees. If we are unable to identify, hire,
and retain highly skilled employees, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

We
have historically hired a number of key personnel and added additional team
members working on our Apps through strategic acquisitions and partnerships,
and as competition within the mobile app ecosystem for attractive target
companies with a
skilled employee base persists and increases, we may incur significant
expenses and difficulty in continuing this practice. The loss of talented
employees with experience in the assets we acquire could result in
significant disruptions to our
business and the integration of acquired assets and businesses. If we do not
succeed in recruiting, retaining, and motivating these key employees, we may
not achieve the anticipated results of acquisitions.

Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user
data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber
incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

The mobile app ecosystem is prone to cyberattacks by
third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or the data of our
clients or users or to disrupt our ability to provide service. Our Platform

30

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

and Apps involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a
large amount of data, including personal information. We also store and
implement measures designed to secure the
source code for our Platform and Apps as they are created. Any failure to
prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure
of our data, including source code, or user data, including personal
information, content, or
payment information from users, or information from business clients, could
result in the unauthorized loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or
other misuse of such data, which could adversely affect our business and
reputation, damage our
operations, result in litigation or regulatory enforcement action, and
diminish our competitive position. In particular, a breach, whether
physical, electronic, or otherwise, of the systems on which such source code
and other sensitive data are
stored could lead to damage or piracy of our offerings, lost or reduced
ability to protect our intellectual property, and diminished competitive
position.

Computer malware, viruses, social engineering (predominantly spear phishing
attacks), and general hacking have become more prevalent in
the mobile app ecosystem. These have occurred on our systems and otherwise
in our business in the past, and we expect will continue to occur in the
future. We regularly encounter attempts to create false or undesirable user
accounts or take other
actions for purposes such as spamming or other objectionable ends. Such
breaches and attacks may cause interruptions to the services we provide,
degrade the user experience, cause clients or users to lose confidence and
trust in our Platform or
Apps, impair our internal systems and other systems and networks used in our
business, or adversely affect our financial condition. Our efforts to
protect our data, user data, and information from clients and partners, and
to disable undesirable
activities on our Platform or Apps, may also be unsuccessful due to software
bugs or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor, vendor, or
partner error or malfeasance, including defects or vulnerabilities in
information technology systems
or offerings; breaches of physical security of our facilities or technical
infrastructure; or other threats that evolve.

In
addition, some developers or other business partners, such as those that
help us measure the effectiveness of advertisements, may receive or store
information provided by us or by our users through mobile or web apps. We
provide limited information
to such third parties based on the scope of services provided to us. These
third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized
use of it. If these third parties fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data
security practices, or
experience a breach of their networks, our data or our users’ data may be
improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. In such an event, we may have
increased costs arising from the restoration or implementation of additional
security measures
which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any
theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other
confidential business information as a result of such an event could also
adversely affect our business,
competitive position, and results of operations.

Cyberattacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently
may
be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although we have developed
systems and processes that are designed to protect our data, user data, and
information from our partners; to prevent data loss, disable undesirable
accounts and activities
on our Platform or Apps; and to prevent and detect security breaches; we
cannot assure you that such measures will provide comprehensive security,
that we will be able to identify breaches or to react to them in a timely
manner or that our
remediation efforts will be successful. We experience cyberattacks and other
security incidents of varying degrees from time to time, and we may incur
significant costs in investigating, protecting against, litigating, or
remediating such incidents.
We may face increased risks of cyberattacks and other security incidents
during the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of more employees working remotely,
our use of third-party systems designed to enable the
transition to a remote workforce introducing security risks and increased
cyberattacks, such as phishing attacks by threat actors using the attention
placed on the COVID-19 pandemic as a method for targeting
personnel.

31

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are making
significant
investments in privacy, safety, security, and content review efforts to
combat misuse of our services and user data by third parties. As a result of
these efforts, we anticipate that we will discover incidents of misuse of
user data or other
undesirable activity by third parties. We may not discover all such
incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data limitations, the
scale of activity on our Platform, challenges related to our personnel
working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic, the re-allocation of
resources to other projects, or other factors, and we may be notified of
such incidents or activity by users, the media, or other third
parties. Such incidents and activities have in the past, and may in the
future, include the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent
with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable
user accounts, improper
advertising practices, activities that threaten people’s safety on- or
offline or instances of spamming, scraping, data harvesting, or unsecured
datasets. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to
enforce our policies or otherwise remediate any such incidents. Any of the
foregoing developments could adversely affect user trust and engagement,
harm our brand and reputation, require us to change our business practices,
and adversely affect our
business and results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and
abroad relating to
cybersecurity and data protection, a number of which also provide a private
right of action. Affected users or government authorities could initiate
legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any actual or
perceived security breaches
or improper access to or disclosure of data, which has occurred in the past
and which could cause us to incur significant expense and liability,
distract management and technical personnel, and result in orders or consent
decrees forcing us to
modify our business practices. Such incidents or our efforts to remediate
such incidents may also result in a decline in our active user base or
engagement levels. Any of these events could adversely affect our
reputation, business, financial
condition, or results of operations.

We anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and we may
not be able to grow or maintain our profitability in any given period. If we
cannot maintain our profitability, our business could be adversely affected.

Although our cash flow from operations was positive in 2018 and 2019 and we
were profitable on a GAAP basis in 2019, we may not always
achieve sufficient revenue or manage our expenses in order to achieve
positive cash flow from operations or profitability in any given period. Our
operating expenses may continue to rise as we implement additional
initiatives designed to increase
revenue, potentially including: developing our Platform and technology
stack, expanding our Software, launching Apps, strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, business client and user acquisition spending, international
expansion, hiring additional
employees, and taking other steps to strengthen and grow our company. We are
likely to recognize costs associated with these investments earlier than
some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be
lower, or may develop
more slowly, than we expect. We also anticipate that the costs of acquiring
new business clients and mobile app users, and otherwise marketing our
Software and Apps, will continue to rise. Further, we may continue to incur
significant costs in
connection with strategic acquisitions and partnerships, which costs may
increase or become more concentrated to the extent we enter into larger
transactions. If we are not able to maintain positive cash flow in the long
term, we may require
additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at
all, and which may be dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to
generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur
significant losses in the future
and may not be able to maintain positive cash flow from operations or
profitability.

32

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Our Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems, rely on software and
hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities
in these systems, or failures to address or mitigate technical limitations
in our systems, could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

Our Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems, rely on software and
hardware that is highly technical and complex. In addition,
our Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems, depend in part on
the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process, and
manage immense amounts of data. The software and hardware on which we rely
has contained, and will
in the future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities and our systems are
subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to
meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities inherently may be
difficult to detect
and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or
internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical
limitations within the software and hardware on which we rely have in the
past led to, and may in
the future lead to, outcomes including a negative experience for clients and
users who use our offerings, compromised ability of our offerings to perform
in a manner consistent with our terms, contracts, or policies, delayed
product or App launches
or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised
ability to protect the data of our users and/or our intellectual property,
or reductions in our ability to provide some or all of our services. To the
extent such errors, bugs,
vulnerabilities, or defects impact our Software or the accuracy of data in
any such Software, our clients may become dissatisfied with our offerings,
our brand and reputation may be harmed, and we may make operational
decisions, such as with respect
to our Apps using such Software or any future strategic acquisition, that
are based on inaccurate data. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects
in our systems or the software and hardware on which we rely, failures to
properly address or
mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or associated
degradations or interruptions of service or failures to fulfill our
commitments to our clients may lead to outcomes including damage to our
reputation, increased product engineering
expenses, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines, damages,
or other remedies, any of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to maintain and scale our
technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption to our Platform or
Apps could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of engagement,
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Our reputation and ability to attract and retain our business clients and
users depends in part on the reliable performance of our
Platform and Apps. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future
experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our
offerings from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or
may not operate with the
reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages
that could be harmful to our business. If our offerings are unavailable when
users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected,
users may not use
our offerings as often in the future, or at all, which could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. As we continue to grow, we
will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including
network capacity and computing
power, to continue to satisfy our needs and the needs of our business
clients and users. It is possible that we may fail to continue to
effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these
increased demands, which may
adversely affect our user engagement and revenue growth. Additionally, we
rely in part on third-party data centers and cloud hosting infrastructure.
Our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting
from natural disasters
and other events outside of our control that impact us or these third-party
providers. If such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service
disruptions or outages and we may not be able to recover our technical
infrastructure and user
data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services. If we fail to
efficiently scale and manage our infrastructure, or if events disrupt our
infrastructure or those of our third-party providers, our business,
financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected.

33

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

The COVID-19pandemic and responses thereto across the globe have altered how
individuals interact with each other and affected how we and our business
partners are operating, and the extent to which this situation will impact
our future results of operations remains uncertain.

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social distancing and
shelter-in-place orders put in place around the world have caused widespread
disruption in global economies, productivity, and financial markets and have
altered the way
in which we conduct our day-to-day business.

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses thereto
impact our business, operations, and results of operations will depend on
numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to
accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic,
including any potential future waves of the pandemic; governmental,
business, and individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in
response to the pandemic; the
effect on our clients; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ ability
to work and travel; the availability and cost to access the capital markets;
and interruptions related to our cloud networking and mobile app
infrastructure and that
impact our business partners, platform providers, clients, and customer
service and support providers. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have
temporarily closed our offices around the world, including
our corporate headquarters in Palo Alto, California, and implemented travel
restrictions. While substantially all of our business operations can be
performed remotely, many of our employees are juggling additional work-
related and personal
challenges. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the
COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business
operations, including as may be required by federal, state,
local, or foreign authorities or that we determine are in the best interests
of our employees, users, business partners, and stockholders.

In addition to the potential direct impacts to our business, the global
economy has been, and is likely to continue to be, significantly
weakened as a result of the actions taken in response to the COVID-19
pandemic, and future government intervention remains uncertain. A weakened
global economy may negatively impact our business partners as
well as our users’ in-app purchasing decisions and users’ buying decisions
across the globe generally, which could adversely affect advertiser
activity. We may experience heightened levels of
variability in the pricing of advertising both in terms of user acquisition
and as it relates to our Software and Apps. If these conditions result in
significant decreased pricing of advertising, the revenue we make from our
Software and advertisers
paying to display advertisements in our Apps could be adversely affected,
particularly if the levels of user engagement in our Apps are not sufficient
to offset these declines, and we may experience increased pressure on our
overall margins. If we
are not able to respond to and manage the direct and indirect impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our business, then our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain
this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.

We believe that our company culture has been critical to our success and
will be important for our continued growth. We face
a number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate
culture, including: failure to identify, attract, reward, and retain people
in leadership positions in our organization who share and further our
culture and values; the
increasing size and geographic diversity of our workforce; competitive
pressures to move in directions that may divert us from our culture and
values; the continued challenges of a rapidly-evolving industry; the
increasing need to develop expertise
in new areas of business that affect us; a negative perception of our
treatment of employees or our response to employee sentiment related to
political or social causes or actions of management; and the integration of
new personnel and businesses
from acquisitions. If we are not able to maintain our culture, we could lose
the innovation, passion, and dedication of our team and as a result, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

34

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

If we do not successfully or cost-effectively invest in, establish, and
maintain awareness of the AppLovin brand, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We believe that
establishing and maintaining the AppLovin brand is critical to maintaining
and creating favorable relationships with, and our ability to attract, new
business clients, particularly Enterprise Clients, and key personnel.
Increasing awareness of the
AppLovin brand will depend largely upon our marketing efforts and our
ability to successfully differentiate our Software from the offerings of our
competitors. In addition, successfully globalizing and extending our brand
requires significant
investment and extensive management time. If we fail to maintain and
increase brand awareness and recognition of our Software, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We generally do not have long-term agreements with our business clients.

Our business clients are not required to enter into long-term agreements
with us and may choose to stop using our Software at any time.
For example, our advertising agreements can be executed in as little as one
day and can be terminated for convenience on two days’ notice. In order to
continue to grow our Software, we must consistently provide offerings that
clients see as
valuable and choose to use. If we fail to maintain our relationships with
our clients, or if the terms of these relationships become less favorable to
us, our results of operations would be harmed. Additionally, as certain of
our Enterprise Clients
are also our competitors, these clients may choose to invest in their own
offerings rather than continue to use our Software. Any failure to maintain
our relationships with business clients could adversely affect our business,
financial condition,
and results of operations.

If our Apps do not meet user expectations, or contain objectionable content,
our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Expectations regarding the quality, performance, and
integrity of our Apps are high. We must continually adapt to changing user
preferences including the popularity of various game categories, style of
play, and IAP options. Users may be critical of our Apps, business models,
or business practices for
a wide variety of reasons, including perceptions about gameplay, fairness,
game content, features, or services. Independent industry analysts may
publish reviews of our Apps from time to time, as well as those of our
competitors, and perception of
our Apps in the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these
reviews. We have no control over what users or these industry analysts
report. If users and industry analysts negatively respond to our Apps or
changes that we make to our Apps, or
provide negative reviews of our Apps, our reputation, business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Further, despite reasonable precautions, some users may be offended by
certain mobile app content, advertisements displayed in our Apps
or by the treatment of other users. For example, if users believe that an
advertisement displayed in an App contains objectionable content, we could
experience damage to our brand and reputation and users could refuse to play
such game and pressure
platform providers to remove the App from their platforms. While such
content may violate our terms and we may subsequently remove it, our brand
and reputation may nonetheless be harmed and our clients may become
dissatisfied with our services.
Furthermore, steps that we may take in response to such instances, such as
temporarily or permanently shutting off access of a user to our Apps, could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any failure to meet
user
expectations or provide our Apps without objectionable content could
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

35

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

The proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers that seek to
exploit our mobile games and users may adversely affect game-playing
experiences and lead users to stop playing our mobile games. Our failure to
maintain a customer support ecosystem may enhance these risks.

Our users rely on our customer support organization to resolve any issues
relating to our mobile games. Customer support is important for
satisfying user expectations regarding the quality, performance, and
integrity of our mobile games. We currently have limited customer support
operations, which we recently acquired through Machine Zone. If we do not
effectively train, supplement,
and manage our customer support organization to assist our users, and if
that support organization does not succeed in helping users quickly resolve
issues or provide effective ongoing support, we could experience decreased
user engagement and harm
to our reputation with potential new users.

Additionally, unrelated third parties have developed, and may continue to
develop,
“cheating” programs that enable users to exploit vulnerabilities in our
mobile games, play them in an automated way, collude to alter the intended
game play, or obtain unfair advantages over other users who do play fairly.
These programs
harm the experience of users who play fairly and may disrupt the virtual
economies of our mobile games and reduce the demand for certain IAPs. In
addition, unrelated third parties have attempted to scam our users with fake
offers for virtual goods
or other game benefits. These unauthorized or fraudulent transactions are
usually arranged on third-party websites and the virtual goods offered may
have been obtained through unauthorized means, such as exploiting
vulnerabilities in our mobile
games, or may be fraudulent offers. We do not generate any revenue from
these transactions. These unauthorized purchases and sales from third-party
sellers have in the past and could in the future impede our revenue and
profit growth.

There can be no assurance that our customer support and other efforts to
detect, prevent, or minimize these unauthorized or fraudulent
transactions will be successful, that these actions will not increase over
time or that our customer support efforts will be successful in resolving
user issues. Any failure to maintain adequate customer support or success of
third-party cheating
programs or scams may negatively affect game-playing experiences and lead
users to stop playing our mobile games, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond our control.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond
our control. Our revenue is driven in part by discretionary consumer
spending habits and preferences, and by advertising spending patterns.
Historically, consumer purchasing and advertising spending have each
declined during economic downturns and
periods of uncertainty regarding future economic prospects or when
disposable income or consumer lending is lower. General macro-economic
conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or
internationally, including those
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical issues, could create
uncertainty and adversely affect discretionary consumer spending habits and
preferences as well as advertising spending. Uncertain
economic conditions may also adversely affect our business clients. As a
result, we may be unable to continue to grow in the event of future economic
slowdowns. We are particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks
associated with the
mobile app ecosystem, which also include the popularity, price, and timing
of our Apps, changes in user demographics, the availability and popularity
of other forms of entertainment, and critical reviews and public tastes and
preferences, which may
change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.

Additionally, our principal offices are located in the San Francisco Bay
Area,
an area known for earthquakes and susceptible to fires, and are thus
vulnerable to damage. All of our facilities are also

36

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

vulnerable to damage from natural or manmade disasters, including power
loss, earthquakes, fires, explosions, floods, communications failures,
terrorist attacks, contagious disease outbreak (such
as the COVID-19 pandemic), and similar events. If any disaster were to
occur, our ability to operate our business at our facilities could be
impaired and we could incur significant losses, recovery from which
may require substantial time and expense.

Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters

We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking,
targeting, and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are
continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We receive, store, and process personal information and other user data, and
we enable our users to share their
personal information with each other and with third parties, including
within our Apps. There are numerous federal, state, and local laws around
the world regarding privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use,
processing, disclosure, deletion,
and protection of personal information and other user data, the scope of
which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be
inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules.

Various government and consumer agencies have called for new regulation and
changes in industry practices and are continuing to review
the need for greater regulation for the collection of information concerning
consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting
certain targeted advertising practices. For example, the GDPR, which became
effective in
May 2018, created new individual privacy rights and imposed worldwide
obligations on companies processing personal data of European Union users,
which has created a greater compliance burden for us and other companies
with European users, and
subjects violators to substantial monetary penalties. In the United Kingdom,
a Data Protection Act that substantially implements the GDPR became law in
May 2018. With regard to transfers to the United States of personal data (as
such term is used in
the GDPR and applicable EU member state legislation, and as similarly
defined under the proposed ePrivacy Regulation) from our employees and
European users and other third parties, we have relied upon the
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield as well as certain standard
contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission (the EU Model Clauses);
however, both the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the EU Model Clauses have been
subject to legal challenge, and on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of
the European Union, Europe’s highest court, held in the Schrems II
case that the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield was invalid, and imposed additional
obligations in connection with the use of the EU Model Clauses. We are in
the process of assessing this decision and its impact on our
data transfer mechanisms. It is possible that the decision will restrict the
ability to transfer personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to
the United States. We and many other companies may need to implement
different or additional
measures to establish or maintain legitimate means for the transfer and
receipt of personal data from the European Union to the United States, and
we may, in addition to other impacts, experience additional costs associated
with increased compliance
burdens, and we and our clients face the potential for regulators to apply
different standards to the transfer of personal data from the European Union
and Switzerland to the United States, and to block, or require ad hoc
verification of measures
taken with respect to, certain data flows from the European Union and
Switzerland to the United States. We and our clients may face a risk of
enforcement actions by data protection authorities in the European Union and
Switzerland relating to
personal data transfers. Any such enforcement actions could result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources, distract management and
technical personnel, and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. Any
of these developments may have an adverse effect on our business.

37

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Another example is the State of California’s passage of the CCPA, which went
into
effect on January 1, 2020, with implementing regulations taking effect
August 14, 2020, and which created new privacy rights for users residing in
the state. The California Privacy Rights Act was recently approved by
California voters and
will significantly modify the CCPA, potentially resulting in further
uncertainty and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an
effort to comply. There is also increased attention being given to the
collection of data from minors. For
instance, COPPA requires companies to obtain parental consent before
collecting personal information from children under the age of 13.
Compliance with the GDPR, CCPA, COPPA, and similar legal requirements, such
as Law no. 13.709/2018 of Brazil,
theLei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais, has required us and will
continue to require us to devote significant operational resources and incur
significant expenses. Our privacy compliance and oversight efforts will
require significant time and attention from our management and board of
directors.

Further, children’s privacy has been a
focus of recent enforcement activities and subjects our business to
potential liability that could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, or operating results. Enforcement of COPPA, which requires
companies to obtain parental consent
before collecting personal information from children under the age of
thirteen has increased in recent years. In addition, the GDPR prohibits
certain processing of the personal information of children under the age of
thirteen to
sixteen (depending on jurisdiction) without parental consent. The CCPA
requires companies to obtain the consent of children in California under the
age of sixteen (or parental consent for children under the age of thirteen)
before selling their
personal information. Although we take reasonable efforts to comply with
these laws and regulations, we may in the future face claims under COPPA,
the GDPR, the CCPA, or other laws relating to children’s privacy.

All of our mobile games are subject to our privacy policy and our terms of
service located in application storefronts, within our mobile
games, and on our corporate website. We generally comply with industry
standards and are subject to the terms of our privacy-related obligations
and commitments to users and third parties. We strive to comply with all
applicable laws, policies,
legal obligations, and certain industry codes of conduct relating to privacy
and data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable. However, it is
possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner
that is inconsistent
from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our
practices. It is also possible that new laws, policies, legal obligations,
or industry codes of conduct may be passed, or existing laws, policies,
legal obligations, or
industry codes of conduct may be interpreted in such a way that could
prevent us from being able to offer services to citizens of a certain
jurisdiction or may make it costlier or more difficult for us to do so. Any
failure or perceived failure
by us to comply with laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, and protection of minors;
our privacy policy and terms of service; our or other privacy-related
obligations to users or other
third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise
of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of
personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in
governmental enforcement actions,
litigation, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or
others and could cause our users to lose trust in us, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Additionally, if third parties
we work with, such as users, developers, vendors, service providers, or
other business partners violate applicable laws or our policies, such
violations may also put our users’ information at risk and could in turn
adversely affect our
reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which
are unsettled and still developing, which could subject us to claims or
otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad that
affect our business, including state and federal laws regarding
consumer protection, electronic marketing, protection of

38

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

minors, data protection, and privacy, competition, taxation, intellectual
property, money transmission, money laundering, investment screening,
export, and national security, which are
continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the
laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be
conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. There is a risk
that existing or future laws
may be interpreted in a manner that is not consistent with our current
practices and which could adversely affect our business. As our Platform
grows and evolves and our Software and our Apps are used in a greater number
of countries, we may also
become subject to laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions or other
jurisdictions may claim that we are required to comply with their laws and
regulations.

With respect to our Apps, we are potentially subject to a number of foreign
and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering
of certain types of content, such as content that depicts violence, the
social casino game genre, or loot boxes, many of which are ambiguous or
still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could adversely affect
our business or expose us to
liability. In addition, several jurisdictions have begun regulating the use
of loot boxes in mobile games. Loot boxes are a commonly used monetization
technique in
free-to-play mobile games in which a user can acquire a virtual loot box,
typically through mobile game play or by using virtual currency, but the
user does not know
which virtual good(s) he or she will receive (which may be a common, rare,
or extremely rare item, and may be a duplicate of an item the user already
has in his or her inventory) until the loot box is opened. The user will
always receive one or
more virtual goods when he or she opens the loot box, but the user does not
know exactly which item(s) until the loot box is opened. In April 2018, each
of the Belgian Gaming Commission and the Dutch Gambling Authority declared
that loot boxes as
implemented in certain games by other companies that they reviewed
constituted illegal gambling under each country’s laws. Further, the Federal
Trade Commission (the FTC) has examined consumer protection issues related
to loot boxes and various
other jurisdictions, including certain U.S. states, Australia, and the
United Kingdom are reviewing or have indicated that they intend to review
the legality of loot boxes and whether they constitute gambling.
Additionally, in May 2019, a bill
was introduced to the Senate that would prohibit loot boxes and pay-to-win
micro-transactions in “minor oriented” games. In some of our mobile games,
certain
mechanics may be deemed as “loot boxes”. New regulation by the FTC, U.S.
states, or other international jurisdictions could require that these game
mechanics be modified or removed from games, increase the costs of operating
our mobile
games, impact user engagement and monetization, or otherwise adversely
affect our business. In addition, the increased attention focused upon
liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could
harm our reputation or otherwise
impact the growth of our business. It is difficult to predict how existing
or new laws may be applied to these or similar game mechanics. Further, laws
or regulations may vary significantly across jurisdictions.

It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or
construed to apply to us in the United States and elsewhere that
could restrict the mobile app ecosystem, including user privacy,
advertising, communications, taxation, content suitability, copyright,
distribution, and antitrust. Furthermore, the growth and development of
electronic commerce and virtual goods may
prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose
additional burdens on companies such as ours conducting business through the
internet and mobile devices. We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of
our industry will
increase and we will be required to devote legal and other resources to
addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new laws regarding
the marketing of IAPs, labeling of
free-to-play mobile games, or regulation of currency, banking institutions,
unclaimed property or money transmission may be interpreted to cover our
mobile games and the
virtual currency, goods, or payments that we receive. If that were to occur
we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations, or approvals from
relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us meeting
certain capital and other
requirements and we may be subject to additional regulation and oversight,
all of which could significantly increase our operating costs. Changes in
current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in
the United States or

39

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen the growth of the mobile app
ecosystem. Any costs incurred as a result of adapting to laws and
regulations, or as a result of liability in
connection therewith, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws, and non-compliancewith such laws could
subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and adversely affect
our business and reputation.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA), the U.S.
domestic bribery statute contained in
18 U.S.C. § 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and similar anti-corruption and anti-
bribery laws applicable in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in
recent years, are
interpreted broadly and prohibit companies, their employees and third party
business partners, representatives and agents from promising, authorizing,
making or offering improper payments or other benefits, directly or
indirectly, to government
officials and others in the private sector in order to influence official
action, direct business to any person, gain any improper advantage, or
obtain or retain business. As we continue to expand our business
internationally, our risks under these
laws increase.

We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may
have direct or indirect interactions with
officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated
entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal
activities of our employees, third-party business partners, representatives,
and agents, even if we do
not explicitly authorize such activities. These laws also require that we
keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and
compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have
policies and procedures to address
compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees, third-
party business partners, representatives, and agents will not take actions
in violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be
ultimately held responsible and
our exposure for violating these laws increases as our international
presence expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign
jurisdictions.

Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could
result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage,
investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil
sanctions, suspension or disbarment from U.S. government contracts,
substantial diversion of management’s attention, significant legal fees and
fines, severe criminal or civil
sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, disgorgement of
profits, other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the
conduct of our business, any of which could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

We are subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws
that could impair our ability to compete in global markets or subject us to
liability if we violate the controls.

Our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps
may be subject to U.S. export controls. Exports of our products and the
underlying technology may require export authorizations, including by
license, a license exception, or other appropriate government
authorizations, including the filing of an
encryption classification request or self-classification report, as
applicable.

Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S.
economic sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department
of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control that prohibit the shipment of
most technologies to embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without
the required
export authorizations. If we need to obtain any necessary export license or
other authorization for a particular sale, the process may be time-consuming
and may result in the delay or loss of opportunities to sell our products.

40

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

We take precautions to prevent our products and the underlying technology
from being
provided, deployed or used in violation of export control and sanctions
laws, including implementation of IP address blocking and sanctioned person
screening, and are in the process of further enhancing our policies and
procedures relating to export
control and sanctions compliance. However, we cannot assure you that our
policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance
will prevent violations in the future by us or our partners or agents. If we
are found to be in
violation of U.S. sanctions or export control regulations, including failure
to obtain appropriate import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, it
can result in significant penalties and government
investigations, as well as reputational harm and loss of business. Knowing
and willful violations can result in possible incarcerations for responsible
employees and managers.

In addition to the United States, various other countries regulate the
import and export of certain encryption and other technology,
including import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws
that could limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our
clients’ ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in
our Core
Technologies, Software, or Apps, or future changes in export and import
regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products and the
underlying technology in international markets, prevent our clients with
global operations from
deploying our products globally, or, in some cases, prevent the export or
import of our products to certain countries, governments or persons
altogether. From time to time, various governmental agencies have proposed
additional regulation of
encryption technology.

Our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and client and
user base in international
markets. Any change in export or import regulations or controls, economic
sanctions or related legislation, or change in the countries, governments,
persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in
decreased use of our products
by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing
or potential clients with global operations. Any decreased use of our
products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products in
major international markets
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax
rates, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The tax regimes we are subject to
or operate under are unsettled and may be subject to significant change.
Changes in tax laws (including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic) or tax
rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws,
could cause us to be subject to additional income-based taxes and non-income
taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, digital tax, net worth,
property, and goods and services taxes), which in turn
could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
For example, in December 2017, the U.S. federal government enacted the tax
reform legislation known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 2017 Tax Act).
The 2017 Tax Act
significantly changed the existing U.S. corporate income tax laws by, among
other things, lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate, implementing a partially
territorial tax system, and imposing a one-time deemed
repatriation tax on certain post-1986 foreign earnings. In addition, many
countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and
organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development, have recently
proposed or recommended changes to existing tax laws or have enacted new
laws that could impact our tax obligations. Some of these or other new rules
could result in double taxation of our international earnings. Any
significant changes to our
future effective tax rate could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.

Our income tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating
structure
and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we develop,
value, manage, and use our

41

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

intellectual property and the valuation of our intercompany transactions.
The tax laws applicable to our business, including the laws of the United
States and other jurisdictions, are
subject to interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively
interpreting their laws in new ways in an effort to raise additional tax
revenue. Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have
been implemented in a manner
we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the
taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge
our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany
arrangements, which could impact
our worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. Moreover, changes to our corporate
structure and intercompany agreements, including through acquisitions, could
impact our worldwide effective
tax rate and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

In addition, we are subject to federal,
state, and local taxes in the United States and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax
positions and our worldwide provision for taxes. During the ordinary course
of business, there are many activities
and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our
tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely affected by
changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws, regulations,
principles, and interpretations,
including those relating to income tax nexus, by our earnings being lower
than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and
higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory
rates, by challenges to our
intercompany relationships and transfer pricing arrangements. The relevant
taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the income and
expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were
to occur, and our
position were not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes,
interest, and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher
effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall
profitability of our business, with some changes possibly affecting our tax
obligations in future or past years. We believe that our financial
statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency, but there
can be no assurances in that
regard.

Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or
in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes,
and any such assessments could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We do not collect sales and use, value added, and similar taxes in all
jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that
such taxes are not applicable in certain jurisdictions. Sales and use, value
added, and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain
jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such
taxes are applicable or
that our presence in such jurisdictions is sufficient to require us to
collect taxes, which could result in tax assessments, penalties, and
interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such
tax assessments, penalties, and
interest or future requirements may adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Further, in June 2018, the Supreme Court held in
South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. that states could impose sales tax collection
obligations
on out-of-state sellers even if those sellers lack any physical presence
within the states imposing the sales taxes. Under the Wayfairdecision, a
person requires
only a “substantial nexus” with the taxing state before the state may
subject the person to sales tax collection obligations therein. An
increasing number of states (both before and after the publication of the
Wayfairdecision)
have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose sales tax collection
obligations on out-of-state sellers. The Supreme Court’s Wayfairdecision has
removed a significant impediment to the enactment and enforcement of these
laws, and it is possible that states may seek to tax out-of-state sellers on
sales that
occurred in prior tax years, which could create additional administrative
burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if such states do not
impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future
sales, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

42

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or
advertising that is served through our Software or Apps, our business could
be adversely affected.

As a distributor of content, we face potential
liability for negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement,
public performance royalties, or other claims based on the nature and
content of materials that we distribute. The Digital Millennium Copyright
Act (the DMCA) is intended, in
part, to limit the liability of eligible service providers for caching,
hosting, or linking to user content that includes materials that infringe
copyrights or other rights. We rely on the protections provided by the DMCA
in conducting our business.
Similarly, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (Section 230)
protects online distribution platforms, such as ours, from actions taken
under various laws that might otherwise impose liability on the platform
provider for what content
creators develop or the actions they take or inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines that
we may rely on in the future are subject to uncertain judicial
interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. Future regulatory
or legislative changes may ultimately require us to take a more active
approach towards content moderation,
which could diminish the depth, breadth, and variety of content we offer
and, in so doing, reduce our revenue. Moreover, the DMCA and Section 230
provide protections primarily in the United States. If the rules around
these statutes and
doctrines change, if international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar
protections, or if a court were to disagree with our application of those
rules to our business, we could incur liability and our business could be
adversely affected. If we
become liable for these types of claims as a result of the content that is
included in our Apps or the advertisements that are served through our
Software, then our business may be adversely affected. Litigation to defend
these claims could be
costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability could
adversely affect our business. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover
these types of claims or any liability that may be imposed on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our
liability for the actions of third parties, we may incur significant
legal expenses and other costs if copyright holders assert claims, or
commence litigation, alleging copyright infringement against our third-party
developers. While we prohibit mobile apps without distribution rights from
the copyright holder, and
we maintain processes and systems for the reporting and removal of
infringing mobile apps, such prohibitions, processes, and systems may not
always be successful. If other developers, licensees, platform providers,
business partners, and personnel
are influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and are
deterred from working with us as a consequence, our ability to maintain or
expand our business, including through international expansion plans, could
be adversely affected.

We will incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of
complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

As a public company, we will
incur greater legal, accounting, and other expenses than we incurred as a
private company. For example, we will be subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the
Dodd-Frank Act), and the rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing
standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Exchange Act requires,
among other things, that we
file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and
results of operations. Compliance with these requirements has increased and
will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance
costs and increase
demand on our systems, making some activities more time-consuming and
costly. We expect these rules and regulations to make it more expensive for
us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be
required to accept reduced policy
limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to

43

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

maintain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of
directors or as our executive officers. As
a public company, we expect to incur significant expenses and devote
substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In that
regard, we will need to
hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public
company experience and technical accounting knowledge. In addition, as a
public company, we may be subject to shareholder activism, which can lead to
substantial costs, distract
management, and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways
we cannot currently anticipate.

As a result of
disclosure of information in our public filings with the SEC as required of
a public company, our business and financial condition will become more
visible, which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation,
including by competitors and
other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, and even
if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor,
these claims, and the time
and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our
management and our board of directors and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements could cause us to incur
additional expenses or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are involved in or may become involved in claims, suits, government
investigations,
including formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and
regulators, and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business,
including actions with respect to intellectual property claims, securities
claims, privacy, data
protection, or law enforcement matters, tax matters, labor and employment
claims, commercial and acquisition-related claims, and other matters. We may
become the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for
information, actions,
and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly
in the areas of privacy, data protection, law enforcement, consumer
protection, and competition, as we continue to grow and expand our
operations. In addition, we are
currently, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory orders or consent
decrees. For example, data protection, competition, and consumer protection
authorities in the European Union have initiated actions, investigations, or
administrative
orders seeking to restrict the ways in which we collect and use information,
or impose sanctions, and other authorities may do the same.

Any such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are
inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with
certainty. Regardless of their outcomes, such legal or regulatory
proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs,
diversion of management and other personnel attention, and other factors. In
addition, it is possible that a
resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in substantial
costs, civil and criminal liability, penalties, or sanctions, as well as
judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain
features, functionalities,
products or services, or requiring a change in our business practices,
products or technologies, which could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

Many of our products and services contain open source software, and we
license some of our software through open source projects, which may pose
particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a
manner that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We use open source software in our Core Technologies, Software,
and Apps and expect to continue to use open source software in the future.
In addition, we contribute software source code to

44

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

open source projects under open source licenses or release internal software
projects under open source licenses, and anticipate continuing to do so in
the future. The terms of many open source
licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or
foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could
be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or
restrictions on our ability to
provide or distribute our products or services. Additionally, under some
open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open
source software in a certain manner, third parties may claim ownership of, a
license to, or demand
release of, the open source software or derivative works that we developed
using such software, which could include our proprietary source code. Such
third parties may also seek to enforce the terms of the applicable open
source license through
litigation which, if successful, could require us to make our proprietary
software source code freely available, purchase a costly license, or cease
offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can
re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could
require significant additional research and development resources, and we
may not be able to
complete it successfully. In addition to risks related to open source
license requirements, use of certain open source software may pose greater
risks than use of third-party commercial software, since open source
licensors generally do not provide
warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could
be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property may
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our
costs.

While most of the intellectual property
we use in our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps is created by us, from
time to time, we also acquire rights to third-party intellectual property.
Proprietary licenses may limit our use of intellectual property to specific
uses and for specific
time periods, require time and attention of licensors in providing guidance
and related approvals, and include other contractual obligations with which
we must comply. Additionally, competition for these licenses is intense and
often results in
increased advances, minimum payment guarantees, and royalties to the
licensor, and as such we may be unable to identify suitable licensing
targets or complete licensing arrangements. If we are unable to obtain and
remain in compliance with the terms
of these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable economic
terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Further, if the mix of IAPs shifts towards mobile games in which we use
licensed intellectual
properties, our overall margins may be reduced due to royalty obligations.

In addition, many of our Apps are built on proprietary
source code of third parties, such as Unity Software. Unity Software offers
certain solutions that may compete with our offerings. If we are unable to
renew licenses to proprietary source code underlying our mobile games, or
the terms and conditions
of these licenses change at the time of renewal, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on
third parties, including Unity, to maintain versions of their proprietary
engines that allow
us to distribute our mobile games on multiple platforms. If a third party
from whom we license source code discontinues support for one or more of
these platforms, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely
affected.

Failure to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual property
rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We regard our Core Technologies, Software,
and Apps and related source code as proprietary and rely on a variety of
methods, including a combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade
secret laws and employee and third-party non-disclosure
agreements, to protect our proprietary rights. We view the protection of our
trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress,

45

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

domain names, patents, and other product rights as critical to our success.
We strive to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal,
state, and common law rights, as well as
contractual restrictions and business practices. We also enter into
confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and
contractors and confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct
business in order to limit
access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information. However,
these contractual arrangements and business practices may not prevent the
misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent
development of similar
technologies by others.

We own or license, and pursue the registration of, copyrights, trademarks,
service marks, domain names, and
patents in the United States and in certain locations outside the United
States. This process can be expensive and time-consuming, may not always be
successful depending on local laws or other circumstances, and we also may
choose not to pursue
registrations in every location depending on the nature of the project to
which the intellectual property rights pertain. We may, over time, increase
our investments in protecting our creative works.

We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our Apps occurs, and if a
significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying of our
Apps were to occur, it could adversely affect our business. In addition,
even if authorized copying of our Apps occurs, third-party platforms may not
remove infringing material. We also cannot be certain that existing
intellectual property laws will
provide adequate protection for our products in connection with emerging
technologies. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual
property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and
scope of proprietary rights
claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or
merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity, and diversion
of management and technical resources. If we fail to maintain, protect, and
enhance our
intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected.

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes,
which are costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages
and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.

From time to time, we have faced, and we may face in the future, allegations
that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents,
and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our
competitors, non-practicing entities and former employers of our personnel.
Intellectual property litigation may be protracted and
expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. As the result of any
court judgment or settlement, we may be obligated to alter our Platform or
Apps, in a particular geographic region or worldwide, pay royalties or
significant settlement costs,
purchase licenses, or develop substitutes.

In certain of our agreements we also indemnify our licensees and other
business
partners. We may incur significant expenses defending these business
partners if they are sued for intellectual property infringement based on
allegations related to our technology. If a business partner were to lose a
lawsuit and in turn seek
indemnification from us, we also could be subject to significant monetary
liabilities. In addition, because our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps
often involve the use of third-party technology, this increases our exposure
to litigation in
circumstances where there is a claim of infringement asserted against one of
our mobile games or other products and services in question, even if the
claim does not pertain to our technology.

46

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters

If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and
accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be
impaired.

As a public company, we will be
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-
Oxley Act, and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards
of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. We expect that the requirements of these
rules and regulations
will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance
costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and
place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain
effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our
disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file
with the SEC is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal
executive and financial
officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over
financial reporting, which includes hiring additional accounting and
financial personnel to implement such processes and controls.

In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend,
significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant
management oversight. If any of these new or improved controls and systems
do not perform as
expected, we may experience further deficiencies in our controls.

Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further,
to the extent we acquire other businesses, the acquired company may not have
a sufficiently robust system of controls and we may discover deficiencies.
Any failure to
develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in
their implementation or improvement could adversely affect our results of
operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may
result in a restatement of
our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and
maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could
adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual
independent registered public
accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be
required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC.
Ineffective disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also
cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other
information, which would likely cause the market price of our common stock
to decline. In addition, if we
are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to
remain listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. We are not currently
required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act and are
therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. As a public
company, we will be required to provide an annual management report on the
effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting commencing with our second annual
report on Form 10-K.

We expect our independent registered public accounting firm will be required
to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting commencing with our second annual report on
Form 10-K. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm
may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the
level at which our
internal control over

47

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to
maintain effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial
reporting could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations and could cause the market
price of our common stock to decline.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in
financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future
accounting standards to our business as it evolves.

Our reported results of operations are impacted by the accounting standards
promulgated by the SEC and accounting standards bodies and
the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting
policies. A change in accounting standards could have a significant effect
on our reported financial results, and may even affect the reporting of
transactions completed
before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. The frequency of
accounting standards changes could accelerate, including conversion to
unified international accounting standards. Accounting standards affecting
revenue recognition have
affected, and could further significantly affect, the way we account for
revenue. Any future changes to accounting standards may cause our results of
operations to fluctuate. For example, if the accounting standards for
revenue derived from
free-to-play mobile games were to change, particularly with respect to
revenue generated from digital storefronts, our results of operations could
be adversely affected.

Further, although we believe our estimates are reasonable based on available
user information, we may revise such estimates in the
future in the event our users’ average playing period changes. Any
adjustments arising from changes in the estimates of the lives of these
virtual goods would be applied to the current quarter and prospectively on
the basis that such
changes are caused by new information indicating a change in the user
behavior patterns of our users. As we enhance, expand and diversify our
business and product offerings, the application of existing or future
financial accounting standards
could adversely our results of operations.

We rely on assumptions, estimates and unaudited financial information to
calculate certain of our key metrics and other figures presented herein, and
real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics could adversely affect our
reputation and our business.

Certain of the metrics presented herein, including MAPs, are calculated
using internal company data that has not been independently
verified, data from third-party attribution partners, or unaudited financial
information of companies that we have acquired or partnered with. While
these metrics and figures are based on what we believe to be reasonable
calculations for the
applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring
these metrics and figures across our worldwide client base and user base.
Additionally, certain figures relating to our strategic acquisitions and
partnerships are
based on unaudited financial information that has been prepared by the
management of such companies and has not been independently reviewed or
audited. We cannot assure you that such financial information would not be
materially different if such
information was independently reviewed or audited. We regularly review and
may adjust our processes for calculating our metrics and other figures to
improve their accuracy, but these efforts may not prove successful and we
may discover material
inaccuracies. In addition, our methodology for calculating these metrics may
differ from the methodology used by other companies to calculate similar
metrics and figures. We may also discover unexpected errors in the data that
we are using that
resulted from technical or other errors. If we determine that any of our
metrics or figures are not accurate, we may be required to revise or cease
reporting such metrics or figures. Any real or perceived inaccuracies in our
metrics and other
figures could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

48

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Conversion of key internal systems and processes,
particularly our enterprise resource planning system, and problems with the
design, implementation, or operation of these systems and processes could
interfere with, and therefore adversely affect, our business and operations.
We converted certain key internal business systems and processes, including
our enterprise resource planning, system to a cloud-based system. We have
invested, and will continue to invest, significant capital and human
resources in the design, implementation, and operation of these business
systems and processes. Any problems in the functioning of these systems or
processes, particularly any that impact our operations, could adversely
affect our ability to process payments, record and transfer information in a
timely and accurate manner, recognize revenue, file SEC reports in a timely
manner, or otherwise run our business and could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may be required
to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired.
We are required under GAAP to review our goodwill for impairment at least
annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate
the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be considered a
change in circumstances, indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our
goodwill continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in the
market price of our common stock and our market capitalization, slower
growth rates in our industry, or other materially adverse events. We may be
required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial
statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill is
determined. We have substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit
facilities and our obligations thereunder may limit our operational
flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. We are party to a credit agreement that provides
for senior secured credit consisting of term loans and a revolving credit
facility. As of December 31, 2020, the aggregate principal amount of our
outstanding indebtedness under our credit facilities was $ , consisting of $
in aggregate principal amount of term loans and $ in aggregate principal
amount of borrowings under our revolving credit facility. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to repay this indebtedness when due, or that
we will be able to refinance this indebtedness on acceptable terms or at
all. Our indebtedness could adversely impact us. For example, these
obligations could among other things:
                                                           
  •    make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;  
                                                           
                                        
  •    increase our cost of borrowing;  
                                        
                                                                            
       make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary        
  •    future financing for working capital, capital                        
       expenditures, strategic acquisitions and partnerships, debt service  
       requirements, or other purposes;                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       restrict us from making strategic acquisitions and partnerships or   
  •    cause us to make divestitures or similar                             
       transactions;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse      
  •    effect on our financial condition upon repayment of the              
       indebtedness;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from   
  •    operations to service and repay the indebtedness,                    
       reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes;       
                                                                            
49

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                       
  •    increase our vulnerability to adverse and economic conditions;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    increase our exposure to interest rate risk from variable rate       
       indebtedness;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less          
       leveraged competitors; and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in     
       our business.                                                        
                                                                            
In addition, we have entered into interest rate swap instruments to limit
our exposure to changes in variable interest rates. While our hedging
strategy is designed to minimize the impact of increases in interest rates
applicable to our variable rate debt, including our credit facility, there
can be no guarantee that our hedging strategy will be effective, and we may
experience credit-related losses in some circumstances. Our credit agreement
also imposes restrictions on us and requires us to maintain compliance with
specified covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be
affected by market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and
regulatory factors, as well as other factors that are beyond our control. A
breach of any of the covenants in the credit agreement governing our credit
facilities could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or
waived, could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness and an increase in
the interest rates applicable to such indebtedness, and may result in the
acceleration of or default under any other debt we may incur in the future
to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In
addition, we have granted a security interest in a significant portion of
our assets to secure our obligations under our credit facility. During the
existence of an event of default under our credit agreement, the applicable
lenders could exercise their rights and remedies thereunder, including by
way of initiating foreclosure proceedings against any assets constituting
collateral for our obligations under the credit facility. The acceleration
of the indebtedness under our credit agreement or under any other
indebtedness could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. See the section titled
“Description of Certain Indebtedness” for additional information. We may be
unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt
service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our
ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations
depends on our financial condition and results of operations, which are
subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain
financial, business, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our
control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating
activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, or
interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital resources are
insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to
reduce or delay strategic acquisitions and partnerships, capital
expenditures, and payments on account of other obligations, seek additional
capital, restructure or refinance our indebtedness, or sell assets. These
alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our
scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance
our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our
financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at
higher interest rates and could require us to comply with more onerous
covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In
addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our
indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable
to repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness when due, or if any other
event of default is not cured or waived, the applicable lenders could
accelerate our outstanding obligations or proceed against the collateral
granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which could force us into
bankruptcy or liquidation. In the event the applicable lenders accelerate
the repayment of our 50

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay
that indebtedness. Any acceleration of amounts due under the agreements
governing our credit facility or the exercise
by the applicable lenders of their rights under the security documents could
have a material and adverse effect on our business.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and
support business growth, and this capital may not be available on acceptable
terms or at all.

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support our
business growth and may require additional funds to respond to
business challenges, including the need to develop our Platform and
Software, enhance our existing Apps and develop new Apps and features,
improve our operating infrastructure, or enter into strategic acquisitions
and partnerships. Accordingly, we
may need to engage in equity, equity-linked, or debt financings to secure
additional funds. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of
equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could
experience significant
dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights,
preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our common
stock. Any debt financing that we secure in the future could involve
offering additional security interests
and undertaking restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising
activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it
more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business
opportunities, including
potential acquisitions. In August 2018, we entered into a credit agreement,
which provides for a term loan and revolving credit facility, and we must
adhere to financial covenants therein. We may not be able to obtain
additional financing on terms
favorable to us, if at all. Additionally, if we seek to access additional
capital or increase our borrowing, there can be no assurance that financing
and credit may be available on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable
to obtain adequate
financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our
ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to
business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business,
financial condition, or results of
operations could be adversely affected.

The London Interbank Offered Rate calculation method may change and LIBOR is
expected to be phased out after 2021.

Interest on our term loan and revolving credit facility, which are scheduled
to mature in 2025, may be
calculated based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). On July 27,
2017, the U.K.’s Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that administers
LIBOR) announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2021. It
is unclear
whether new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such that it
continues to exist after 2021, or if alternative rates or benchmarks will be
adopted. Changes in the method of calculating LIBOR, or the replacement of
LIBOR with an
alternative rate or benchmark, may adversely affect interest rates and
result in higher borrowing costs. This could materially and adversely affect
our results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. We cannot predict the
effect of the potential
changes to LIBOR or the establishment and use of alternative rates or
benchmarks. We may need to renegotiate our credit facility or incur other
indebtedness, and changes in the method of calculating LIBOR, or the use of
an alternative rate or
benchmark, may negatively impact the terms of such renegotiated credit
facility or such other indebtedness. If changes are made to the method of
calculating LIBOR or LIBOR ceases to exist, we may need to amend certain
contracts and cannot predict
what alternative rate or benchmark would be negotiated. This may result in
an increase to our interest expense.

51

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Risks Related to Our Capital Stock and Governance
There has been no prior public trading market for our common stock, and an
active trading market may not develop or be sustained following this
offering. We have applied to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market under the symbol “APP”. However, prior to this offering, there
has been no prior public trading market for our common stock. We cannot
assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will develop
on such exchange or elsewhere or, if developed, that any market will be
sustained. The initial public offering price of our common stock will be
determined through negotiation between us and the underwriters. This price
will not necessarily reflect the price at which investors in the market will
be willing to buy and sell shares of our common stock following this
offering. The market price of our common stock could be volatile, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. The market price of our common
stock following this offering may fluctuate substantially and be higher or
lower than the initial public offering price, depending on a number of
factors, including those described in this “Risk Factors” section, many of
which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating
performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your
investment in our common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the
market price of our common stock include the following:
                                                                            
       price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time  
  •    to time, including fluctuations due to general                       
       economic uncertainty or negative market sentiment, in particular     
       related to the COVID-19 pandemic;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    volatility in the market and trading volumes of technology stocks;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of      
  •    other technology companies generally, or those in our                
       industry in particular;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders, as    
       well as the anticipation of lock-up releases;                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in     
       our industry;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes   
  •    in financial estimates by securities analysts who                    
       follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the    
       expectations of investors;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    actual or perceived significant data breaches involving our          
       Platform or Apps;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the financial or non-financial metric projections we may provide to  
  •    the public,                                                          
       any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those        
       projections;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       third-party data published about us or other mobile gaming           
  •    companies, whether or not such data accurately reflects              
       actual levels of usage;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services;  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public            
       announcements, and filings with the SEC;                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    fluctuations in the trading volume of shares of our common stock or  
       the size of our public float;                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    short selling of our common stock or related derivative securities;  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of      
       operations;                                                          
                                                                            
52

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       actual or anticipated developments in our business, our              
  •    competitors’ businesses, or the competitive landscape                
       generally;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                    
  •    our issuance of shares of our common stock;  
                                                    
                                                                            
       litigation or regulatory action involving us, our industry or both,  
  •    or investigations by regulators into our operations                  
       or those of our competitors;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or     
       other proprietary rights;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies    
       by us or our competitors;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or   
       regulations applicable to our business;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines,               
       interpretations, or principles;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets;  
                                                                       
                                                      
  •    any significant change in our management; and  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our       
       markets.                                                             
                                                                            
In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in
general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the market price of our
common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial
condition, or results of operations. The market price of our common stock
might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our
industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Accordingly, we
cannot assure you of the liquidity of any trading market, your ability to
sell your shares of our common stock when desired, or the prices that you
may obtain for your shares of our common stock. In the past, following
periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities,
securities class action litigation has often been brought against that
company. If the market price of our common stock is volatile, we may become
the target of securities litigation. Securities litigation could result in
substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources from
our business. Such litigation could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Because we do not anticipate paying
any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital
appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. You should not rely
on an investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We do not
anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently
intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth
of our business. In addition, our credit agreement contains, and any future
credit facility or financing we obtain may contain, terms limiting the
amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our common stock. Any
future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board
of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of
operations, capital requirements, and applicable contractual restrictions.
As a result, stockholders should rely on sales of their common stock after
price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on their
investment. We have broad discretion over the use of the proceeds from this
offering and we may not use them effectively. We intend to use the proceeds
from this offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and
expenses payable by us, for working capital and other general corporate
purposes, as well as the acquisition of, or investment in, complementary
products, technologies, solutions, or businesses, 53

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 although we have no present commitments or agreements
to enter into any material acquisitions or investments. Accordingly, our
management will have broad discretion in the application of the proceeds
from this offering and you will not have the opportunity as part of your
investment decision to assess whether the proceeds are being used
effectively. Because of the number and variability of factors that will
determine our use of the proceeds from this offering, their ultimate use may
vary substantially from their currently intended use. Our investments may
not yield a favorable return to our investors and may negatively impact the
market price of our common stock. The failure by our management to apply
these proceeds effectively could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. A substantial portion of the
outstanding shares of our common stock after this offering will be
restricted from immediate resale, but may be sold in the near future. The
large number of shares eligible for public sale or subject to rights
requiring us to register them for public sale could depress the market price
of our common stock. The market price of our common stock could decline as a
result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the
market after this offering and the perception that these sales could occur
may also depress the market price of our common stock. Following the
completion of this offering, based on shares of our capital stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2020 (including the Capital Stock
Conversions), we will have a total of shares of common stock outstanding.
Our directors, executive officers, and the holders of substantially all of
our capital stock and securities convertible into or exchangeable for our
capital stock have entered into market standoff agreements with us or have
entered or will enter into lock-up agreementswith the underwriters under
which they have agreed or will agree, subject to specific exceptions, not to
sell any of our stock for days following the date of this prospectus. We and
the underwriters may release certain stockholders from the market standoff
agreements or lock-up agreementsprior to the end of the lock-up period.See
the section titled “Shares Eligible for Future Sale” for additional
information. As a result of these agreements and the provisions of our
Investors’ Rights Agreement dated as of August 15, 2018 (our IRA), and
subject to the provisions of Rule 144 or Rule 701, shares of our common
stock will be available for sale in the public market as follows:
                                                                            
       beginning on the date of this prospectus, all shares of our common   
  •    stock sold in this offering will be immediately                      
       available for sale in the public market; and                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       beginning            days after the date of this prospectus,         
       subject                                                              
       to the terms of the lock-up and market standoff agreements           
  •    described above, the remainder of the shares of our common stock     
       will become eligible for sale in the public market, subject in some  
       cases                                                                
       to the volume and other restrictions of Rule 144.                    
                                                                            
Upon completion of this offering, stockholders owning an aggregate of up to
shares of our common stock will be entitled, under our IRA, to certain
demand registration rights. In addition, we intend to file a registration
statement to register shares reserved for future issuance under our equity
compensation plans. Upon effectiveness of that registration statement,
subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods and the
expiration or waiver of the market standoff agreements and lock-up
agreementsreferred to above, the shares issued upon exercise of outstanding
stock options will be available for immediate resale in the United States in
the open market. Sales of our common stock as restrictions end or pursuant
to registration rights may make it more difficult for us to sell equity
securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate.
These sales also could cause the market price of our common stock to fall
and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock. 54

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Although we ceased to be an emerging growth company,
we have continued to take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
requirements in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a
part, which may make our common stock less attractive to investors. We
ceased to be an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, on
December 31, 2020. However, because we ceased to be an emerging growth
company after we confidentially submitted our draft registration statement
related to this offering to the SEC, we will continue to be treated as an
emerging growth company for certain purposes until the earlier of the date
on which we complete this offering or December 31, 2021. As such, we have
continued to take advantage of certain exemptions that allow us to comply
with reduced disclosure obligations regarding selected financial data and
executive compensation arrangements in the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part that are not available to non-emerging growth
companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less
attractive because we have relied on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be less demand
for our common stock and the market price of our common stock may fall. The
issuance of additional stock in connection with financings, acquisitions,
investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise will dilute all other
stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that
will be in effect upon completion of this offering authorizes us to issue up
to shares of common stock and up to shares of preferred stock with such
rights and preferences as may be determined by our board of directors.
Subject to compliance with applicable rules and regulations, we may issue
shares of common stock or securities convertible into shares of our common
stock from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition,
investment, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise. For example, in
connection with our pending acquisition of Adjust, we expect to issue
acquisition stock, a convertible security that will automatically convert
after the lapse of thirty trading days following this offering into a number
of shares of our common stock determined by dividing $352.0 million by the
preceding 15-day volume-weighted average trading price per share of our
common stock. See the section titled “Description of Capital
Stock—Acquisition Stock” for additional information. Any such issuance could
result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the
market price of our common stock to decline. Delaware law and provisions in
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest
difficult, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. Our
status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the
Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change
in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an
interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the
transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, even if a
change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended
and restated bylaws will contain provisions that may make the acquisition of
our company more difficult, including the following:
                                                                            
  •    vacancies on our board of directors will be able to be filled only   
       by our board of directors and not by stockholders;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our board of directors will be classified into three classes of      
       directors with staggered three-year terms;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of    
  •    stockholders and will not be able to take action by                  
       written consent for any matter;                                      
                                                                            
55

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       a special meeting of our stockholders will only be able to be        
  •    called by a majority of our board of directors, the                  
       chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer,  
       or our President;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       advance notice procedures will apply for stockholders to nominate    
  •    candidates for election as directors or to bring                     
       matters before an annual meeting of stockholders;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not       
       provide for cumulative voting;                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will allow     
       stockholders to remove directors only for cause;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of        
  •    incorporation will require the approval of the holders of            
       at least 66% of our then-outstanding common stock;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will           
  •    authorize undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which           
       may be established and shares of which may be issued by our board    
       of directors, without further action by our stockholders; and        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    certain litigation against us will only be able to be brought in     
       Delaware.                                                            
                                                                            
These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a
transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take
other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain
circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a
premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the
market price of our common stock. Our amended and restated bylaws will
designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as
the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our
stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or
employees. Our amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, will provide that,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i)
any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our
directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any
action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended
and restated bylaws or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is
governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of
the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have
jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in
all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable
parties named as defendants. Our amended and restated bylaws will also
provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America
will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of
action under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act).
Nothing in our amended and restated bylaws will preclude stockholders that
assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or
federal court, subject to applicable law. Any person or entity purchasing or
otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to
have notice of and consented to these provisions, though we note that
stockholders cannot waive compliance (or consent to non-compliance)with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. These
exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a
claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our
directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits
against us and our directors, officers, and other 56

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

employees. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other
companies’ charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and
it is possible that a court could find
these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. For example,
in December 2018, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determined
that a provision stating that U.S. federal district courts are the exclusive
forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act
is not enforceable. Although this decision was reversed by the Delaware
Supreme Court in March 2020, courts in other states may still find these
provisions to be inapplicable
or unenforceable. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provisions in
our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an
action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute
in other jurisdictions,
which could adversely affect our results of operations.

57

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
prospectus contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and
uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events
or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can
identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as
“may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,”
“target,” “project,” “contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,”
“potential,” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other similar
terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or
intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus include
statements about:
                                                                            
       our future financial performance, including our expectations         
  •    regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, and operating                
       expenses, and our ability to maintain future profitability;          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our         
       liquidity needs;                                                     
                                                                            
                                              
  •    the demand for our Software and Apps;  
                                              
                                                                      
  •    our ability to attract and retain business clients and users;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       our ability to develop new products, features, and enhancements for  
  •    our Core Technologies and Software and to launch or                  
       acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in          
       existing and new markets and offerings;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and      
  •    assets and to expand and diversify our operations                    
       through strategic acquisitions and partnerships;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain the security and availability of our Core    
       Technologies, Software, and Apps;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing    
  •    laws and regulations, including with respect to                      
       taxation and privacy and data protection;                            
                                                                            
                                                                 
  •    our ability to manage risk associated with our business;  
                                                                 
                                                             
  •    our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;  
                                                             
                                                      
  •    our ability to develop and protect our brand;  
                                                      
                                                          
  •    our expectations and management of future growth;  
                                                          
                                                                      
  •    our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;  
                                                                      
                                                                       
  •    our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual        
       property;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    the increased expenses associated with being a public company; and  
                                                                           
                                                                 
  •    our anticipated uses of net proceeds from this offering.  
                                                                 
We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-
looking statements made in this prospectus. You should not rely upon
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based
the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus primarily on our
current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we
believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking
statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including
those 58

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this
prospectus. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing
environment. New risks and uncertainties
emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks
and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus. We cannot assure you that the
results, events, and circumstances
reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and
actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements.

Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any of these forward-looking statements.
Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this prospectus relate only
to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this prospectus
to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this prospectus or to reflect new
information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by
law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations
disclosed in our forward-looking
statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking
statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential
impact of any future acquisitions, partnerships, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures, or investments
we may make.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our
beliefs and opinions on the
relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to
us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe such information
forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be
limited or incomplete, and
our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an
exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are
cautioned not to unduly rely
upon these statements.

59

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 INDUSTRY, MARKET, AND OTHER DATA Unless otherwise
indicated, estimates and information contained in this prospectus concerning
our industry and the market in which we operate, including our general
expectations, market position, market opportunity, and market size, are
based on industry publications and reports generated by third-party
providers, other publicly available studies, and our internal sources and
estimates. This information involves a number of assumptions and
limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such
estimates. Although we are responsible for all of the disclosure contained
in this prospectus and we believe the information from the industry
publications and other third-party sources included in this prospectus is
reliable, we have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of
the data contained in such sources. The content of, or accessibility
through, the below sources and websites, except to the extent specifically
set forth in this prospectus, does not constitute a portion of this
prospectus and is not incorporated herein and any websites are an inactive
textual reference only. The sources of the statistical data, estimates, and
market and industry data contained in this prospectus include App Annie and
Sensor Tower, as well as the sources provided below:
                                             
  •    App Annie, The State of Mobile 2019;  
                                             
                                             
  •    App Annie, The State of Mobile 2020;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    eMarketer, Average US Time Spent with Mobile in 2019 Has Increased,  
       June 2019;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    International Data Corporation, Worldwide Mobile In-Game             
       Advertising Forecast, 2020-2024, December 2020;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    International Data Corporation, Worldwide Mobile and Handheld        
       Gaming Forecast, 2020–2024, March 2020;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Sensor Tower, The Top 1% of App Publishers Generate 80% of All New   
       App Installs, November 2019;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Statista, Number of apps available in leading app stores as of 3rd   
       quarter 2020; and                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Statista, Number of available apps in the Apple App Store from 2008  
       to 2020.                                                             
                                                                            
The industry in which we operate is subject to a high degree of uncertainty
and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. These and
other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed
in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 60

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

USE OF PROCEEDS

We estimate that the net proceeds from the sale of shares of our common
stock in this offering will be approximately
$ , based upon the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share,
which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price
range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and after deducting
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering
expenses. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full,
we estimate that the
net proceeds would be approximately $ , after deducting estimated
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.

Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price
of
$ per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range set
forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would increase or decrease the
net proceeds that we receive from
this offering by approximately $ , assuming that the number of shares of
common stock offered, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus,
remains the same and after deducting the
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions. Similarly, each increase
or decrease of 1.0 million in the number of shares of our common stock
offered would increase or decrease the net proceeds that we receive from
this offering by
approximately $ , assuming the assumed initial public offering price remains
the same and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and
commissions.

The principal purposes of this offering are to increase our capitalization
and financial flexibility, create a public market for our
common stock, and enable access to the public equity markets for us and our
stockholders.

We intend to use the net proceeds we
receive from this offering for general corporate purposes, including working
capital, operating expenses and capital expenditures. We intend to use
approximately $ of the net proceeds from
this offering to repay a portion of the amount outstanding under our senior
secured revolving loan facility. See the section titled “Underwriters
(Conflict of Interest)” for additional information. Additionally, we expect
to use a portion
of the net proceeds we receive from this offering to enter into strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. However, we do not have definitive agreements
or commitments for any material acquisitions or partnerships at this time.

We cannot further specify with certainty the particular uses of the net
proceeds that we will receive from this offering. Accordingly,
we will have broad discretion in using these proceeds. Pending the use of
proceeds from this offering as described above, we may invest the net
proceeds that we receive in this offering in short-term, investment grade,
interest-bearing instruments.

61

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

DIVIDEND POLICY

We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future
determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of
our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a
number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements,
contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors
that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, the terms of our
credit agreement place certain limitations on the amount of cash dividends
we can pay, even if no
amounts are currently outstanding. See the section titled “Description of
Certain Indebtedness” for additional information.

62

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth cash and
cash equivalents, as well as our capitalization, as of December 31, 2019 as
follows:
                            
  •    on an actual basis;  
                            
                                                                            
       on a pro forma basis, giving effect to (i) the Capital Stock         
       Conversions, as if such conversions had occurred on                  
       December 31, 2019, and (ii) the filing and effectiveness of our      
       amended and restated certificate of incorporation that will become   
  •    effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering; and  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       on a pro forma as adjusted basis, giving effect to (i) the pro       
       forma adjustments set forth above, (ii) the sale and                 
       issuance of            shares of our common stock in this offering,  
       based upon the assumed initial public offering price of $            
       per share,                                                           
  •    which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range set      
       forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and after deducting      
       estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated       
       offering expenses, and (iii) the application of the                  
       estimated net proceeds from the offering, as described in the        
       section titled “Use of Proceeds.”                                    
                                                                            
63

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The pro forma as adjusted information set forth in the
table below is illustrative only and will be adjusted based on the actual
initial public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at
pricing. You should read this table together with our consolidated financial
statements and the related notes, our unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operations, and the sections titled “Selected Consolidated
Financial and Other Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” that are included elsewhere
in this prospectus.
                                                                            
                             As of                                          
                      December 31,                                          
                              2019                                          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                               Pro          
                            Actual          Pro forma          forma as     
                                                               adjusted(1)  
                               -in                                          
                        thousands,                                          
                        except for                                          
                     share and per                                          
                        share data                                          
  Cash and                                                                  
  cash            $        396,247       $    396,247       $               
  equivalents                                                               
  Long-term       $      1,168,374       $  1,168,374       $               
  debt                                                                      
  Stockholder…                                                              
  equity                                                                    
  (deficit):                                                                
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred                                                                 
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003 per                                                              
  share:                                                                    
  109,090,908                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued and               399,589                  —          —            
  outstanding,                                                              
  actual; no                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstanding,                                                              
  pro forma                                                                 
  and pro                                                                   
  forma as                                                                  
  adjusted                                                                  
  Preferred                                                                 
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003 per                                                              
  share: no                                                                 
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstanding,                                                              
  actual;                        —                  —          —            
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  no shares                                                                 
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding,                                                              
  pro forma                                                                 
  and pro                                                                   
  forma as                                                                  
  adjusted                                                                  
  Class A                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003 per                                                              
  share:                                                                    
  360,000,000                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  177,593,772                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  issued                         6                  —          —            
  and                                                                       
  outstanding,                                                              
  actual; no                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstanding,                                                              
  pro forma                                                                 
  and pro                                                                   
  forma as                                                                  
  adjusted                                                                  
  Class F                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003 per                                                              
  share:                                                                    
  43,200,000                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  42,564,150                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  issued                         1                  —          —            
  and                                                                       
  outstanding,                                                              
  actual; no                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstanding,                                                              
  pro forma                                                                 
  and pro                                                                   
  forma as                                                                  
  adjusted                                                                  
  Common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003 per                                                              
  share: no                                                                 
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstanding,                                                              
  actual;                                                                   
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                    —                  9                       
  shares                                                                    
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding,                                                              
  pro forma;                                                                
  and                                                                       
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding,                                                              
  pro forma as                                                              
  adjusted                                                                  
  Additional                                                                
  paid-in                  235,190            634,776                       
  capital                                                                   
  Accumulated                                                               
  other                     (4,140  )          (4,140  )                    
  comprehensi…                                                              
  loss                                                                      
  Accumulated             (887,213  )        (887,213  )                    
  deficit                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  stockholder…            (256,567  )        (256,567  )                    
  equity                                                                    
  (deficit)                                                                 
  Total           $        911,807       $    911,807       $               
  capitalizat…                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public        
       offering price of                                                    
       $           per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated        
       offering price range set forth on the cover page of this             
       prospectus, would increase or decrease the amount of our pro forma   
       as adjusted                                                          
       cash and cash equivalents, additional paid-in capital, total         
       stockholders’ equity (deficit), and total capitalization by $        
       , assuming that the number of shares of common stock offered,        
  (1)  as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same  
       and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and             
       commissions. An increase or decrease of 1.0 million shares in the    
       number of shares offered by us would increase or                     
       decrease, as applicable, the amount of our pro forma as adjusted     
       cash and cash equivalents, additional paid-in capital, total         
       stockholders’ equity (deficit), and total capitalization by          
       $          , assuming the assumed initial public offering price      
       remains the same, and after deducting estimated underwriting         
       discounts and commissions.                                           
                                                                            
64

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is
exercised in full, pro forma as adjusted cash and cash equivalents,
additional paid-in capital, total stockholders’ equity (deficit), total
capitalization and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2019 would be $ , $
, $ , $ , and , respectively. The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted
columns in the table above are based on 329,248,830 shares of our common
stock (after giving effect to the Capital Stock Conversions) outstanding as
of December 31, 2019, and exclude the following:
                                                                            
       12,635,130 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of  
  •    options to purchase shares of our common stock                       
       outstanding as of December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average         
       exercise price of $3.92 per share;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       13,412,630 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of  
  •    options to purchase shares of our common stock                       
       granted after December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average exercise    
       price of $8.77 per share;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,424,256 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of   
  •    warrants to purchase common stock granted after                      
       December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average exercise price of $11.48  
       per share;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any shares of our common stock issuable following this offering      
       upon conversion of an outstanding convertible security;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the       
  •    acquisition stock to be issued in connection with the                
       pending acquisition of Adjust; and                                   
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance  
       under our equity compensation plans, consisting of:      
                                                                
                                                                            
       shares of our common stock to be reserved for future                 
  •    issuance under our 2021 Plan, which will become effective prior to   
       the completion of this offering;                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       1,432,919 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance    
       under our 2011 Plan (reflecting 14,591,349 shares                    
       reserved as of December 31, 2019 reduced by the option grants        
  •    subsequent to December 31, 2019 described above), which number of    
       shares will be added to the shares of our common stock to be         
       reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Plan upon its            
       effectiveness, at which time we will cease granting awards under     
       our 2011 Plan; and                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       shares of our common stock to be reserved for future                 
  •    issuance under our ESPP, which will become effective prior to the    
       completion of this offering.                                         
                                                                            
Our 2021 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the
number of shares of our common stock reserved thereunder, and our 2021 Plan
will also provide for increases to the number of shares of our common stock
that may be granted thereunder based on shares under our 2011 Plan that
expire, are tendered to or withheld by us for payment of an exercise price
or for satisfying tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited or otherwise
repurchased by us. See the sections titled “Executive Compensation—Employee
Benefit and Stock Plans,” “Description of Capital Stock—Convertible
Security,” and “Description of Capital Stock—Acquisition Stock” for
additional information. 65

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 DILUTION If you invest in our common stock in this
offering, your ownership interest will be diluted to the extent of the
difference between the initial public offering price per share of our common
stock and the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our
common stock immediately after this offering. Net tangible book value
(deficit) per share is determined by dividing our total tangible assets less
our total liabilities by the number of shares of our common stock
outstanding (not including any shares of our convertible preferred stock).
Our historical net tangible deficit as of December 31, 2019 was $(837.0)
million, or $(3.80) per share. Our pro forma net tangible book value as of
December 31, 2019 was $ , or $ per share, based on the total number of
shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2019, after giving
effect to the Capital Stock Conversions and the filing and effectiveness of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that will become
effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering. After giving
effect to the sale of shares of our common stock in this offering at the
assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint
of the estimated offering price range set forth on the cover page of this
prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions
and estimated offering expenses, and the application of estimated net
proceeds from the offering, as described in the section titled “Use of
Proceeds,” our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value as of December
31, 2019 would have been $ , or $ per share. This represents an immediate
increase in pro forma net tangible book value of $ per share to our existing
stockholders and an immediate dilution in pro forma net tangible book value
of $ per share to investors purchasing shares of our common stock in this
offering at the assumed initial public offering price. The following table
illustrates this dilution:
                                                                            
  Assumed initial public offering price per share                           
  Historical net tangible deficit per share as of                           
  December 31, 2019                                          (3.80  )       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Increase per share attributable to the                                    
  pro forma adjustments described above                                     
  Pro forma net tangible book value per                   $                 
  share as of December 31, 2019                                             
  Increase in pro forma net tangible book value per                         
  share attributable to new investors purchasing                            
  shares of                                                                 
  common stock in this offering                                             
  Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book                                   
  value per share immediately after this                                    
  offering                                                                  
  Dilution in pro forma net tangible book                                   
  value per share to new investors in this                               $  
  offering                                                                  
                                                                            
The dilution information discussed above is illustrative only and may change
based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this
offering. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public
offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated
offering price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would
increase or decrease, as applicable, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible
book value per share to new investors by $ , and would increase or decrease,
as applicable, dilution per share to new investors purchasing shares of
common stock in this offering by $ , assuming that the number of shares of
common stock offered, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus,
remains the same and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses. Similarly, each increase or
decrease of 1.0 million shares in the number of shares of our common stock
offered by us would increase or decrease, as applicable, our pro forma as
adjusted net tangible book value by 66

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 approximately $ per share and increase or decrease, as
applicable, the dilution to new investors purchasing shares of common stock
in this offering by $ per share, assuming the assumed initial public
offering price remains the same, and after deducting estimated underwriting
discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. If the
underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, the pro forma as
adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock, as adjusted
to give effect to this offering, would be $ per share, and the dilution in
pro forma net tangible book value per share to new investors purchasing
shares of common stock in this offering would be $ per share. The following
table presents, as of December 31, 2019, after giving effect to the Capital
Stock Conversions, the differences between the existing stockholders and the
new investors purchasing shares of our common stock in this offering with
respect to the number of shares purchased from us, the total consideration
paid or to be paid to us, which includes net proceeds received from the
issuance of our common stock, and the average price per share paid or to be
paid to us at the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share,
which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range set forth on the
cover page of this prospectus, before deducting estimated underwriting
discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses:
                                                                            
                                                                    Avera…  
            Shares                      Total                       Price   
            Purcha…                     Consid…                     Per     
            Number     Percent          Amount     Percen…          Share   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Exist…                        %    $                      %    $          
  stock…                                                                    
  New                                                                       
  inves…                                                                    
  Totals                   100  %    $                 100  %               
                                                                            
Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price
of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range
set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would increase or decrease,
as applicable, the total consideration paid by new investors and total
consideration paid by all stockholders by $ , assuming that the number of
shares of common stock offered, as set forth on the cover page of this
prospectus, remains the same and before deducting estimated underwriting
discounts and commissions. Similarly, each increase or decrease of 1.0
million in the number of shares of our common stock offered by us would
increase or decrease the total consideration paid by new investors and total
consideration paid by all stockholders by $ , assuming the assumed initial
public offering price remains the same and before deducting the estimated
underwriting discounts and commissions. Except as otherwise indicated, the
above discussion and tables assume no exercise of the underwriters’ over-
allotment option. If the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full,
our existing stockholders would own % and our new investors would own % of
the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding upon completion
of this offering. The number of shares of our common stock that will be
outstanding after this offering is based on 329,248,830 shares of our common
stock (after giving effect to the Capital Stock Conversions) outstanding as
of December 31, 2019, and excludes:
                                                                            
       12,635,130 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of  
  •    options to purchase shares of our common stock                       
       outstanding as of December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average         
       exercise price of $3.92 per share;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       13,412,630 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of  
  •    options to purchase shares of our common stock                       
       granted after December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average exercise    
       price of $8.77 per share;                                            
                                                                            
67

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       7,424,256 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of   
  •    a warrant to purchase common stock outstanding                       
       as of December 31, 2019, with a weighted-average exercise price of   
       $11.48 per share;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any shares of our common stock issuable following this offering      
       upon conversion of an outstanding convertible security;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the       
  •    acquisition stock to be issued in connection with the                
       pending acquisition of Adjust; and                                   
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance  
       under our equity compensation plans, consisting of:      
                                                                
                                                                            
       shares of our common stock to be reserved for future                 
  •    issuance under our 2021 Plan, which will become effective prior to   
       the completion of this offering;                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       1,432,919 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance    
       under our 2011 Plan (reflecting 14,591,349 shares                    
       reserved as of December 31, 2019 reduced by the option grants        
  •    subsequent to December 31, 2019 described above), which number of    
       shares will be added to the shares of our common stock to be         
       reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Plan                     
       upon its effectiveness, at which time we will cease granting awards  
       under our 2011 Plan; and                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       shares of our common stock to be reserved for future                 
  •    issuance under our ESPP, which will become effective prior to the    
       completion of this offering.                                         
                                                                            
Our 2021 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the
number of shares of our common stock reserved thereunder, and our 2021 Plan
will also provide for increases to the number of shares of our common stock
that may be granted thereunder based on shares under our 2011 Plan that
expire, are tendered to or withheld by us for payment of an exercise price
or for satisfying tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited or otherwise
repurchased by us. See the sections titled “Executive Compensation—Employee
Benefit and Stock Plans,” “Description of Capital Stock—Convertible
Security,” and “Description of Capital Stock—Acquisition Stock” for
additional information. To the extent that any outstanding options to
purchase our common stock or warrants are exercised or new awards are
granted under our equity compensation plans, there will be further dilution
to investors participating in this offering. 68

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The
following selected consolidated statement of operations data for 2018 and
2019 and the selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31,
2019 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our historical results are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future.
You should read the following selected consolidated financial and other data
below in conjunction with the section titled “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this
prospectus. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
(Loss) Data
                                                                            
                                        Year Ended                          
                                      December 31,                          
                                              2018                 2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             -in thousands, except                          
                                     for share and                          
                                 per share amounts                          
  Revenue                 $                483,363       $      994,104     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of                                   53,758              241,274     
  revenue(1)(2)                                                             
  Sales and                                166,799              481,781     
  marketing(1)(2)                                                           
  Research and                              16,270               44,966     
  development(1)                                                            
  General and                               14,854               31,712     
  administrative(1)                                                         
  Extinguishment of                                                         
  acquisition-related                      (10,763  )                 —     
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Total costs and                          240,918              799,733     
  expenses                                                                  
  Income from                              242,445              194,371     
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest expense and                                                      
  loss on settlement                      (484,805  )           (74,166  )  
  of debt, net                                                              
  Interest income and                        2,101                6,029     
  other gains                                                               
  Total other expense                     (482,704  )           (68,137  )  
  Income (loss) before                                                      
  provision for                           (240,259  )           126,234     
  income taxes                                                              
  Provision for income                      19,736                7,194     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income (loss)       $               (259,995  )    $      119,040     
  Other comprehensive                                                       
  income (loss), net                                                        
  of tax                                                                    
  Foreign currency                              30                  (11  )  
  translation                                                               
  Interest rate                             (2,651  )            (1,511  )  
  swap—unrealized loss                                                      
  Total other                                                               
  comprehensive loss,                       (2,621  )            (1,522  )  
  net of                                                                    
  tax                                                                       
  Total comprehensive     $               (262,616  )    $      117,518     
  income (loss)                                                             
  Net income (loss)       $                  (1.37  )    $         0.36     
  per share, basic(3)                                                       
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  per share,              $                  (1.37  )    $         0.36     
  diluted(3)                                                                
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 189,533,630          210,937,147     
  (loss) per share,                                                         
  basic(3)                                                                  
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 189,533,630          212,365,429     
  (loss) per share,                                                         
  diluted(3)                                                                
  Pro forma net income                                                      
  (loss) per share,                                                         
  basic                                                                     
  (unaudited)(3)                                                            
  Pro forma net income                                                      
  (loss) per share,                                                         
  diluted                                                                   
  (unaudited)(3)                                                            
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing pro forma                                                       
  net income per                                                            
  share, basic                                                              
  (unaudited)(3)                                                            
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing pro forma                                                       
  net income per                                                            
  share, diluted                                                            
  (unaudited)(3)                                                            
                                                                            
69

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                   
                                          Year Ended               
                                        December 31,               
                                                2018         2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                       -in thousands               
  Cost of revenue                   $            517    $     124  
  Sales and marketing                          2,582        1,922  
  Research and development                     1,009        5,009  
  General and administrative                   1,357        3,167  
  Total stock-based compensation    $          5,465    $  10,222  
                                                                   
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                          
                                                 Year Ended               
                                               December 31,               
                                                       2018         2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                              -in thousands               
  Cost of revenue                          $          7,932    $  74,787  
  Sales and marketing                                   495        7,641  
  Total amortization expense related to    $          8,427    $  82,428  
  acquired intangibles                                                    
                                                                          
                                                                            
       See Notes 2 and 3 to our consolidated financial statements included  
       elsewhere in this prospectus for an                                  
  (3)  explanation of method used to compute the historical and pro forma   
       net income (loss) per share and the number of shares used in the     
       computation of the per share amounts.                                
                                                                            
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
                                                                            
                                 Year Ended December                        
                                                 31,                        
                                                2018               2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                       -in thousands                        
  Cash and cash            $                 276,119       $    396,247     
  equivalents                                                               
  Working capital(1)                         293,661            347,346     
  Total assets                               536,855          1,202,485     
  Total debt                                 792,693          1,180,584     
  Convertible preferred                      399,589            399,589     
  stock                                                                     
  Accumulated deficit                     (1,006,253  )        (887,213  )  
  Total stockholders’                       (378,355  )        (256,567  )  
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Working capital is defined as current assets less current            
       liabilities.                                                         
                                                                            
Non-GAAPFinancial Measures We review a number of operating and financial
metrics, including the following financial measures that were not prepared
in accordance with GAAP to evaluate our business. We use Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our
overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of our
annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the
effectiveness of our business strategies, and to communicate with our board
of directors concerning our financial performance.
                                                                            
                               Year Ended December 31,                      
                                                  2018             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                 -in thousands, except                      
                                           percentages                      
  Adjusted EBITDA           $                  255,618       $  301,371     
  Adjusted EBITDA margin                          52.9  %          30.3  %  
                                                                            
70

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for a
description of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBTIDA margin and a
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most
directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.

71

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations should be read in
conjunction with the section titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and
Other Data” and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes,
and our unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations
included elsewhere in this prospectus. This discussion contains forward-
looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences include those identified below and
those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” and other parts of this
prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for any period in the future. Overview Our
mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of
mobile app developers. Our software solutions provide advanced tools for
mobile app developers to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing
the marketing and monetization of their apps. Since inception, our platform
has driven over five billion mobile app installs for mobile app developers.
Our software, coupled with our deep industry knowledge and expertise, has
allowed us to rapidly scale a successful and diversified portfolio of owned
mobile apps. We have also accelerated our market penetration through an
active acquisition and partnership strategy. Our scaled and integrated
business model sits at the nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates
a durable competitive advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our
strong growth. Since our founding in 2011, we have been focused on building
a software-based platform for mobile app developers to improve the marketing
and monetization of their apps. Our founders, who are mobile app developers
themselves, quickly realized the real impediment to success and growth in
the mobile app ecosystem was a discovery and monetization problem—breaking
through the congested app stores to efficiently find users and successfully
grow their business. Their first-hand experience with these developer
challenges led to the development of our infrastructure and
software—AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software. We capitalized on
our success and understanding of the mobile app ecosystem, by launching
AppLovin Apps in 2018. Our Apps now consist of a globally diversified
portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games across eight genres, run by
twelve studios. As an early leader in the mobile app ecosystem, we have
achieved significant growth through a number of milestones:
                                                                            
  •    2011: Designed and built the first generation of our Core            
       Technologies and Software.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2012: Introduced an early version of AppDiscovery, our marketing     
  •    Software solution, on Android. We launched                           
       AppDiscovery on iOS later that year.                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2014: Expanded internationally with our first office in Europe and   
  •    have since grown to fourteen offices                                 
       worldwide.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2017: Introduced additional developer services and tools offering    
  •    distributed development and creative services                        
       to develop and test ads.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2018: Launched AppLovin Apps by creating Lion Studios, and then      
  •    acquired PeopleFun, a mobile games studio;                           
       acquired or partnered with more than ten mobile game studios to      
       date.                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2018: Strategically enhanced our Software by acquiring MAX, an       
  •    in-app                                                               
       bidding platform, which improves monetization on apps.               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2019: Added brand safety features to MAX by acquiring and            
  •    integrating SafeDK, and augmented MAX through the                    
       development of our Compass analytics tool.                           
                                                                            
72

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       2020: Expanded our portfolio of casual mobile games, and also        
  •    diversified into the                                                 
       mid-core genre through the acquisition of Machine Zone.              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2020: Launched our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine,      
  •    enhancing the efficacy of our marketing software                     
       solution, AppDiscovery.                                              
                                                                            
Revenue FOUNDED LAUNCHED GROWTH PLATFORM AppDiscovery ADDED VERTICALLY
INTEGRATED CONTENT AppLovin Apps LAUNCHED MONETIZATION STACK MAX NEW APP
DISCOVERY ENGINE AXON $483 $994 MILLIONS $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200 $0 2011
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Our focus on building a market-
leading software platform, coupled with our unique approach to developing
and growing our Apps portfolio, has produced a business model characterized
by rapid growth and strong cash flow generation. Our revenue has grown at an
87% CAGR from 2016 to 2019. For 2019, our revenue grew 106% year-over-year
from 2018, from $483.4 million in 2018 to $994.1 million in 2019. We
generated a net loss of $260.0 million in 2018 and net income of $119.0
million in 2019. We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $255.6 million and $301.4
million for 2018 and 2019, respectively. Our strong cash flow generation has
allowed us to reinvest in our expansion and growth and consummate strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. See the section titled “—Non-GAAPFinancial
Measures” for a definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of
Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial
measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. Our Business Model We collect
revenue from two sources—business clients and consumers. In 2019, Business
Revenue represented 60% of total revenue and Consumer Revenue represented
40% of total revenue. Business Revenue We generate Business Revenue from
fees paid by mobile app advertisers, or business clients, that use our
Software to grow and monetize their apps. We also collect Business Revenue
from business clients that purchase the digital advertising inventory of our
portfolio of Apps. We are able to grow our Business Revenue by improving our
Software, adding more apps to our Apps portfolio and increasing engagement
on our existing Apps. Business clients include a wide variety of
advertisers, from indie developer studios to some of the largest global
internet platforms, such as Facebook and Google. While we have over 1,500
business 73

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 clients as of December 31, 2019, the vast majority of
our revenue is derived from our Enterprise Clients. See “—Key Metrics” below
for additional information on how we calculate Enterprise Clients.
Approximately 97% of our 2019 Business Revenue came from our 136 Enterprise
Clients as of December 31, 2019. Our Enterprise Clients had a Net Dollar-
Based Retention Rate of greater than 130% in 2019. 7We see multiple
opportunities to gain new business clients, and to increase spend from
existing business clients, as we help them grow their businesses and make
them more successful. Our Software includes AppDiscovery and MAX. Business
clients use AppDiscovery to automate, optimize, and manage their user
acquisition investments. They set marketing and user growth goals, and
AppDiscovery optimizes their ad spend in an effort to achieve their return
on advertising spend targets and other marketing objectives. AppDiscovery
comprises the vast majority of revenue from our Software. Revenue is
generated from our advertisers, typically on a performance-based, cost-per-
installbasis, and shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a
cost per impression model. Business clients use MAX to optimize prices for
their mobile app ad inventory. The Compass Analytics tool within MAX
provides insights to manage against key performance indicators, understand
the long-term value of users, and help manage profitability. Revenue from
MAX is generated based on a percentage of client spend. As more developers
move to in-appbidding monetization, we expect growth in the adoption of, and
revenue from, MAX. Business clients that purchase advertising inventory from
our Apps are able to target highly relevant users from our diverse and
global portfolio of over 200 mobile games. Our clients leverage a broad set
of high-performing mobile ad formats, including playable and rewarded video,
and are able to match these ads with relevant users resulting in a better
return on their advertising spend. By increasing the number of users and
their engagement, as well as better matching ads with the appropriate target
audience, we are able to increase our revenue from business clients that
purchase advertising inventory from our Apps. Revenue from business clients
related to our Apps is generated from ads purchased by advertisers, as well
as from revenue-sharing agreements between some of our studios and a
selection of third-party studios for which they publish and monetize games.
Consumer Revenue Consumer Revenue is generated when a user of one of our
Apps makes an in-apppurchase (IAP). Our Apps are generally free-to-
playmobile games and generate Consumer Revenue through IAPs. IAPs consist of
virtual goods used to enhance gameplay, accelerate access to certain
features or levels, and augment other mobile game progression opportunities
for the user. IAPs drive more engagement and better economics from our Apps.
The vast majority of our IAP revenue flows through two app stores, Apple App
Store and Google Play, which charge us a standard commission on IAPs. During
the three months ended December 31, 2020, we had an average of million
Monthly Active Payers (MAPs) across our portfolio of Apps. Over that period,
we had an Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer (ARPMAP) of $ .
Leveraging the benefit of our integrated Platform and Apps, we see
opportunities to grow our game-related revenue streams by increasing MAPs
and expanding ARPMAP within existing games and through new game development,
acquisitions and partnerships. See “—Key Metrics” below for additional
information on how we calculate MAPs and ARPMAP.
                                                                            
     We measure Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate in 2020 for our Enterprise  
     Clients as current period revenue divided by                           
     prior period revenue. Prior period revenue is measured as revenue in   
     2019 from our Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2019. Current      
     period revenue is revenue in 2020 from those same Enterprise Clients,  
     and excludes revenue from any new                                      
  7  Enterprise Clients during 2020.                                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
74

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Key Metrics We review the following key metrics on a
regular basis in order to evaluate the health of our business, identify
trends affecting our performance, prepare financial projections, and make
strategic decisions. Enterprise Clients.We focus on the number of Enterprise
Clients, which are third-party business clients from whom we have collected
greater than $250,000 of revenue in the trailing 12 months to a given date.
Enterprise Clients generate the vast majority of our Business Revenue and
Business Revenue growth. We expect to increase the revenue from Enterprise
Clients over time. Revenue Per Enterprise Client (RPEC).We define RPEC as
(i) the total revenue derived from our Enterprise Clients in a twelve-month
period, divided by (ii) Enterprise Clients as of the end of that same
period. RPEC shows how efficiently we are monetizing each Enterprise Client.
We expect to increase RPEC over time as we enhance our Software and Apps.
The following table shows our Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2018 and
2019, and our RPEC for 2018 and 2019.
                                                                   
                                           Year Ended              
                                          December 31              
                                                 2018        2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Enterprise Clients                              160         136  
  Revenue Per Enterprise Client (in    $        2,545    $  4,249  
  thousands)                                                       
                                                                   
Monthly Active Payers ( M A P s).We define a MAP as a unique mobile device
active on one of our Apps in a month that completed at least one IAP during
that time period. A consumer who makes IAPs within two separate Apps on the
same mobile device in a monthly period will be counted as two MAPs. MAPs for
a particular time period longer than one month are the average MAPs for each
month during that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating
certain data from third-party attribution partners. Some of our Apps do not
utilize such third-party attribution partners, and therefore our MAPs figure
for any period does not capture every user that completed an IAP on our
Apps. We estimate that our counted MAPs generate approximately % of our
Consumer Revenue and as such, management believes that MAPs are still a
useful metric to measure the engagement and monetization potential of our
games. We expect to increase our MAPs over time as we increase the number of
our Apps and enhance the engagement and monetization of our Apps. Until July
2020, we did not retain MAP information, and therefore we do not present MAP
and ARPMAP information for periods prior to August 2020. Average Revenue Per
Monthly Active Payer (ARPMAP).We define ARPMAP as (i) the total Consumer
Revenue derived from our Apps in a monthly period, divided by (ii) MAPs in
that same period. ARPMAP for a particular time period longer than one month
is the average ARPMAP for each month during that period. ARPMAP shows how
efficiently we are monetizing each MAP. We expect to increase ARPMAP over
time as we enhance the monetization of our Apps. Non-GAAPFinancial Metrics
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin We define Adjusted EBITDA for a
particular period as net income (loss) before interest expense and loss on
settlement of debt, net, interest income and other gains, provision for
income taxes, amortization, depreciation, and writeoffs and as further
adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related expense,
purchase accounting impact to deferred revenue, and extinguishment of
acquisition-related contingent consideration. We define Adjusted EBITDA
margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue for the same period. 75

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are key
measures we use to assess our financial performance and are also used for
internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin are helpful to investors, analysts, and other
interested parties because they can assist in providing a more consistent
and comparable overview of our operations across our historical financial
periods. In addition, these measures are frequently used by analysts,
investors, and other interested parties to evaluate and assess performance.
We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP
measures as part of our overall assessment of our performance, including the
preparation of our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to
evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, and to communicate
with our board of directors concerning our financial performance. Adjusted
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financialmeasures and are
presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be
considered as alternatives or substitutes to financial information presented
in accordance with GAAP. These measures have certain limitations in that
they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our
consolidated statement of operations that are necessary to run our business.
Our definitions may differ from the definitions used by other companies and
therefore comparability may be limited. In addition, other companies may not
publish these or similar metrics. Furthermore, these metrics have certain
limitations in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that
are reflected in our consolidated statement of operations that are necessary
to run our business. Thus, our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
should be considered in addition to, not as substitutes for, or in isolation
from, measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The following table
provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin for 2018 and 2019,
and a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                            
                                            Year Ended                      
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2018             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                         -in thousands                      
  Net income (loss)                   $       (259,995  )    $  119,040     
  Adjusted as follows:                                                      
  Interest expense and loss on                                              
  settlement                                   484,805           74,166     
  of debt, net                                                              
  Interest income and other gains               (2,101  )        (6,029  )  
  Provision for income taxes                    19,736            7,194     
  Amortization, depreciation, and               16,061           92,806     
  write-offs                                                                
  Stock-based compensation                       5,465           10,222     
  Acquisition-related expense                    2,410            3,798     
  Purchase accounting impact to                                             
  deferred                                           —              174     
  revenue                                                                   
  Gain on remeasurement of                                                  
  contingent                                   (10,763  )             —     
  liability                                                                 
  Adjusted EBITDA                     $        255,618       $  301,371     
  Adjusted EBITDA margin                          52.9  %          30.3  %  
                                                                            
Factors Affecting Our Performance We believe that the future success of our
business depends on many factors, including the factors described below.
While each of these factors presents significant opportunities for our
business, they also pose important challenges that we must successfully
address in order to continue to grow profitably while maintaining strong
cash flow. Continue to invest in innovation We have made, and intend to
continue to make, significant investments in our Core Technologies and
Software to enhance their effectiveness and value proposition for our
Business clients. We expect 76

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

that these investments will require spending on research and development,
and acquisitions and partnerships related to technology components and
products. We believe investments in our Core
Technologies, such as our launch of AXON and acquisition of MAX, will
further improve their effectiveness for developers. Our investments will
also allow us to enter new mobile app sectors outside of gaming. While our
investments in research and
development and acquisitions and partnerships may not result in revenue in
the near term, we believe these investments position us to increase our
revenue over time.

Retain and grow existing business clients

We rely on existing business clients for a significant portion of our
revenue. As we improve our Software and Apps, we can attract
additional spend from these business clients. Our business clients include
indie studio developers and some of the largest mobile advertising platforms
in the world. We believe there is significant room for us to further expand
our relationships
with these clients and increase their usage of our Software. We have
invested in targeted sales and account-based marketing efforts to identify
and showcase opportunities to business clients and plan to continue to do so
in the future.

In the past, our business clients have generally increased their usage of
our Software and Apps, and as a result, growth from existing
business clients has been a primary driver of our revenue growth. Our
Enterprise Clients had a Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate of greater than %
in 2020. We must continue to retain our
existing business clients and expand their spend with us over time to
continue to grow our revenue, increase profitability and drive greater cash
flow.

Add new business clients globally

Our future success depends in part on our ability to acquire new business
clients. We recently increased our focus on markets outside the
United States to serve the needs of business clients globally. In 2019, only
38% of our revenue from business clients was generated from outside of the
United States. We believe that the global opportunity is significant and
will continue to expand
as developers and advertisers outside the United States adopt our Software
and advertise on our Apps. We also see opportunities to acquire new business
clients outside of mobile gaming, as the capabilities of our Core
Technologies and Software are
relevant to the broader mobile app ecosystem. We are investing in direct
sales, product development, education, and other capabilities to drive
increased awareness and adoption of our Software and Apps, which investments
may impact our profitability
in the near term as we seek further scale. We must continue to acquire new
business clients to grow our revenue, increase profitability, and drive
greater cash flow.

Optimization, growth, and expansion of our AppLovin Apps

We plan to continue to invest in developing new Apps and enhancing existing
Apps. Because our Apps are typically free to download and
use, economically acquiring users and monetizing through advertising and
IAPs is critical to the future success of our Apps. We plan to launch
several new Apps per year, as well as continue to make investments by
acquiring and partnering with
studios in mobile gaming and other mobile app sectors.

Given our expertise in app marketing, we are able to pursue a
highly-optimized and scaled user acquisition investment playbook. For 2020,
we invested approximately $ in user acquisition per day on average to grow
the number of users engaging with our
Apps. We believe the scale, insights, and effective monetization strategies
provided through our Software and integrated business model allow us to
optimize ad spend across our portfolio of Apps. We also invest in the growth
of our Apps by improving
in-game monetization, optimizing game economies and in-game conversion, and
opt-in

77

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 business services, such as creative services and
localization. We must continue to optimize, grow, and expand our Apps
portfolio to grow our revenue, increase profitability, and drive greater
cash flow. Continued execution of strategic acquisitions and partnerships We
intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions and enter into strategic
partnerships to grow our portfolio of Apps and add complementary software
and tools to our Core Technologies. Since the beginning of 2018, we have
invested over $1 billion in 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with
mobile app developers and for technologies to enhance our Core Technologies.
We have been very successful in growing mobile apps that we have added to
our Apps portfolio. We estimate that a year after joining our portfolio,
acquired Apps have increased their quarterly revenue over 100% on average.
8We have also invested strategically to enhance our Core Technologies. For
example, in 2018 we acquired MAX, an in-appbidding platform, which improves
monetization on apps. While we have a strong pipeline of strategic
acquisition and partnership opportunities, we believe our future results of
operations will be affected by our ability to continue to identify and
execute such transactions that are accretive to our growth and
profitability. Growth and structure of the mobile app ecosystem Our business
and results of operations will be impacted by industry factors that drive
overall performance of the mobile app ecosystem. The mobile app ecosystem
has grown rapidly in recent years. We expect that any acceleration, or
slowing, of this growth would affect our business and results of operations.
In addition, even if the mobile app ecosystem continues to grow at its
current rate, our ability to position ourselves within the market will
impact our business and results of operations. Mobile app developers,
including AppLovin, rely on third-party platforms, such as the Apple App
Store and Google Play Store, among others, to distribute games, collect
payments made for IAPs, and target users with relevant advertising. We
expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. These third-party
platforms have significant market power and discretion to set platform fees,
select which apps to promote, and decide how much consumer information to
provide to advertising networks that enable our Platform to target users
with personalized and relevant advertising and allocate marketing campaigns
in an efficient and cost-effective manner. Any changes made in the policies
of third-party platforms could drive rapid change across the mobile app
ecosystem. New tools for developers, industry standards, and platforms may
emerge in the future. We believe our focus on the mobile app ecosystem has
allowed us to understand the needs of our business clients and our
relentless innovation has enabled us to quickly adapt to changes in the
industry and pioneer new solutions. We must continue to innovate and stay
ahead of developments in the mobile app ecosystem in order for our business
to succeed and our results of operations to continue to improve. Definitive
Agreement to Acquire Adjust In February 2021, we signed a share purchase
agreement with Adjust, a leading mobile app attribution, measurement, and
analytics company in Germany, to acquire all the outstanding shares of
Adjust for an estimated purchase price of approximately $1.0 billion,
consisting of (i) $598.0 million in cash, net of certain cash held by
Adjust, (ii) $352.0 million in acquisition stock, a convertible security
that will automatically convert after the lapse of thirty trading days
following this offering into a number of shares of our common stock
determined by dividing $352.0 million by the preceding 15-day volume-
weighted average trading price per share of our common stock; and (iii) the
assumption of up to
                                                                            
     Based on a comparison of unaudited revenue for such acquired Apps for  
  8  the three months prior to the acquisition against                      
     our revenue from such Apps in the same period in the subsequent year.  
                                                                            
78

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

$40.0 million in the aggregate of debt, accrued interest, and fees of
Adjust, in each case upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the
share purchase agreement. The acquisition of
Adjust will provide us with a set of strategic SaaS mobile marketing
solutions that expand our suite of innovative tools for mobile app
developers. Adjust has over 500 employees globally.

Impact of COVID-19

The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social distancing and shelter-in-place
orders put in place around the world have caused widespread disruption in
global economies, productivity, and financial markets and have altered the
way in which we conduct our day-to-day business. As a result of the COVID-19
pandemic we have temporarily closed our offices around the world, including
our
corporate headquarters in Palo Alto, California, and implemented travel
restrictions. Our Software and Apps do not require physical interaction,
thus, our ability to meet the needs of our clients and users has not been
materially affected. The full
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and the extent to
which the pandemic may impact our business, financial condition, and results
of operations in the future remains uncertain. See the
section titled “Risk Factors—The COVID-19 pandemic and responses thereto
across the globe have altered how individuals interact with each other and
affected how we and our business partners are
operating, and the extent to which this situation will impact our future
results of operations remains uncertain” for additional information.

Components of Results of Operations

Revenue

We collect Business Revenue from advertisers spending on our Software and
Apps. Business Revenue from our Software is generated from our
advertisers, typically on a performance-based, cost-per-install basis, then
shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a cost per impression
model. Business
Revenue generated from our Apps comes from advertisers that purchase ad
inventory from our diverse portfolio of Apps. Business Revenue from our Apps
was % of total Business Revenue in 2020.

We generate Consumer Revenue from IAPs made by users within our Apps.

Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses

Cost of revenue.Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees for distribution partners, amortization
of acquired technology related intangible assets, and expenses associated
with operating our network infrastructure. Third-party payment processing
fees relate to Consumer Revenue. The fees for IAPs are processed and
collected by third-party
distribution partners. Network operating costs include bandwidth, energy,
and other equipment costs related to our co-located data centers and also to
costs for third-party cloud service providers. We expect
our cost of revenue to increase in absolute dollars over the long term as
our business and revenue continue to grow. We also expect our cost of
revenue as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-period.

Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses,
personnel-related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in sales and marketing, and amortization
of acquired user-related intangible assets, marketing programs, travel,
customer service costs,
and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in sales and marketing to grow our
customer base and increase brand awareness. As a result, we expect sales and
marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars.

79

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

We also expect our sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue
to fluctuate period-over-period in the near term as we invest to grow our
customer base and increase brand awareness,
and to decrease over the long term as we benefit from greater scale.

Research and development. Research and development
expenses consist primarily of product development costs, including
personnel-related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in research and development, professional
services costs related to
development of new apps by third parties, consulting costs, regulatory
compliance costs, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in research and development to continue to
enhance our Core Technologies and Software, and to improve
existing games and develop new games. As a result, we expect research and
development expenses to increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our
research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate
period-over-period in the
near term as we invest to enhance our Core Technologies and Software and
improve our existing Apps and develop new Apps, and to decrease over the
long term as we benefit from greater scale.

General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of costs incurred to support our business,
including personnel-related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and
stock-based compensation for employees engaged in finance, accounting,
legal, human resources and administration, professional services fees for
legal, accounting, recruiting,
and administrative services, insurance, travel, and allocated facilities and
information technology costs.

We plan to continue to
invest in our general and administrative function to support the growth of
our business. In addition, following the completion of this offering, we
expect to incur additional general and administrative expenses as a result
of operating as a public
company, including expenses related to compliance and reporting obligations
of a public company, and increased insurance, investor relations expenses,
and legal, audit, and consulting fees. As a result, we expect general and
administrative expenses
to increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our general and
administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-
period in the near term as we invest to support the growth of our business,
and to decrease over the long
term as we benefit from greater scale.

Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, net. Interest expense and
loss on
settlement of debt, net consists primarily of loss related to debt
extinguishment, interest expense associated with our outstanding debt,
including accretion of debt discount, and changes in fair value of interest
rate swap accounted for as a cash
flow hedge related to the stream of variable interest payments associated
with a portion of our outstanding debt.

Interest income and other gains.Interest income and other gains includes
interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents and foreign currency
exchange gains (losses), which consist primarily of remeasurement of
transactions and
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the
functional currency at the end of the period.

Provision for income taxes.We are subject to income taxes in the United
States and foreign jurisdictions in which
we do business. These foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax
rates than those in the United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign
earnings may also be taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our
effective tax rate will vary
depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, use of
foreign tax credits, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and
liabilities, and changes in tax laws.

80

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Results of Operations The following table summarizes
our consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods presented
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                                            Year Ended                      
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2018             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                         -in thousands                      
  Revenue                             $        483,363       $  994,104     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue(1)(2)                         53,758          241,274     
  Sales and marketing(1)(2)                    166,799          481,781     
  Research and development(1)                   16,270           44,966     
  General and administrative(1)                 14,854           31,712     
  Extinguishment of                                                         
  acquisition-related                          (10,763  )             —     
  contingent consideration                                                  
  Total costs and expenses                     240,918          799,733     
  Income from operations                       242,445          194,371     
  Other income (expense):                                                   
  Interest expense and loss on                                              
  settlement                                  (484,805  )       (74,166  )  
  of debt, net                                                              
  Interest income and other gains                2,101            6,029     
  Total other expense                         (482,704  )       (68,137  )  
  Income (loss) before provision                                            
  for                                         (240,259  )       126,234     
  income taxes                                                              
  Provision for income taxes                    19,736            7,194     
  Net income (loss)                   $       (259,995  )    $  119,040     
                                                                            
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                   
                                          Year Ended               
                                        December 31,               
                                                2018         2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                       -in thousands               
  Cost of revenue                   $            517    $     124  
  Sales and marketing                          2,582        1,922  
  Research and development                     1,009        5,009  
  General and administrative                   1,357        3,167  
  Total stock-based compensation    $          5,465    $  10,222  
                                                                   
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                          
                                                 Year Ended               
                                               December 31,               
                                                       2018         2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                              -in thousands               
  Cost of revenue                          $          7,932    $  74,787  
  Sales and marketing                                   495        7,641  
  Total amortization expense related to    $          8,427    $  82,428  
  acquired intangibles                                                    
                                                                          
81

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following table sets forth the components of our
consolidated statements of operations for each of the periods presented as a
percentage of revenue (1):
                                                                           
                                               Year Ended                  
                                             December 31,                  
                                                     2018        2019      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                                             100  %      100  %   
  Costs and expenses:                                                      
  Cost of revenue                                      11  %       24  %   
  Sales and marketing                                  35  %       48  %   
  Research and development                              3  %        5  %   
  General and administrative                            3  %        3  %   
  Extinguishment of acquisition-related                (2  )%       —  %   
  contingent consideration                                                 
  Total costs and expenses                             50  %       80  %   
  Income from operations                               50  %       20  %   
  Interest expense and loss on settlement            (100  )%      (8  )%  
  of debt, net                                                             
  Interest income and other gains                       0  %        1  %   
  Total other expense                                (100  )%      (7  )%  
  Income (loss) before provision for                  (50  )%      13  %   
  income taxes                                                             
  Provision for income taxes                            4  %        1  %   
  Net income (loss)                                   (54  )%      12  %   
                                                                           
                                                                       
  (1)  Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.  
                                                                       
Revenue
                                                                            
                               Year Ended                                   
                             December 31,                  2018 to 2019     
                                     2018          2019        % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           -in thousands,                                   
                                   except                                   
                              percentages                                   
  Business Revenue    $           429,256    $  595,948              39  %  
  Consumer Revenue                 54,107       398,156             636  %  
  Total revenue       $           483,363    $  994,104             106  %  
                                                                            
Total revenue increased $510.7 million, or 106%, in 2019 compared to 2018
due to an increase in Business Revenue of 39% and an increase in Consumer
Revenue of 636%. Our Business Revenue increased by $166.7 million from 2018
to 2019. Our revenue from Enterprise Clients drove the vast majority of this
increase, as revenue from Enterprise Clients represented 97% of Business
Revenue in 2019. RPEC increased from approximately $2.5 million to $4.2
million from 2018 to 2019, which more than offset the decrease in Enterprise
Clients from 160 to 136 over the same period. The increase in our Business
Revenue from Apps of $231.4 million was primarily as a result of increased
advertising revenue from our existing Apps and advertising revenue from new
Apps developed by our Owned Studios and Partner Studios, which together
contributed over 90% of the increase, as well as increased advertising
revenue from Apps acquired in 2019. Our Business Revenue from Apps grew due
to a 412% increase in the volume of advertising impressions in 2019 compared
to 2018, partially offset by a 53% decrease in price per advertising
impression. Our Business Revenue from our Software declined by $64.7 million
from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to a 57% decrease in price per installation,
partially offset by a 72% increase in installations. Our Business Revenue
from our Software was also negatively impacted by increased usage of
advertising inventory 82

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 by our growing portfolio of Owned Studios and Partner
Studios as this inventory was consumed by such studios rather than being
sold to third-parties. Usage of advertising inventory by our Owned Studios
and Partner Studios represented 21% of installations in 2019. We do not
recognize Business Revenue from transactions with our Owned Studios and
Partner Studios. Our Consumer Revenue increased by $344.0 million from 2018
to 2019, primarily due to a 576% increase in the volume of in-app purchases,
as well as a 9% increase in price per in-app purchase. Apps acquired during
2019 generated $277.0 million of the increase, with Apps that were part of
our portfolio prior to the beginning of 2019 accounting for the remainder.
Cost of revenue
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2018 to 2019     
                               2018             2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Cost of          $         53,758       $  241,274                349  %  
  revenue                                                                   
  Percentage of                  11  %            24  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Cost of revenue increased $187.5 million, or 349%, in 2019 compared to 2018.
The increase was primarily due to a $105.7 million increase in third-party
payment processing fees as a result of the growth in Consumer Revenue, a
$66.7 million increase in amortization of acquired-technology driven by an
increase in acquisition activity, and a $6.9 million increase in expenses
associated with operating our network infrastructure driven by the growth in
our operations. Sales and marketing
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2018 to 2019     
                               2018             2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Sales and        $        166,799       $  481,781                189  %  
  marketing                                                                 
  Percentage of                  35  %            48  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Sales and marketing expenses increased $315.0 million, or 189%, in 2019
compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $292.2 million
increase in user acquisition costs, a $9.9 million increase in professional
service fees, a $7.1 million increase in amortization of acquired intangible
assets driven by an increase in acquisition activity, a $3.3 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, and a $2.5 million increase in other advertising and marketing
expenses. Research and development
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       2018 to 2019     
                                2018            2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Research and     $          16,270       $  44,966                176  %  
  development                                                               
  Percentage of                    3  %            5  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Research and development expenses increased $28.7 million, or 176%, in 2019
compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to an $18.9 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, and a $9.2 million increase in professional services costs
related to development of new games by third parties. 83

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 General and administrative
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       2018 to 2019     
                                2018            2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  General and      $          14,854       $  31,712                113  %  
  administrati…                                                             
  Percentage of                    3  %            3  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
General and administrative expenses increased by $16.9 million, or 113%, in
2019 compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $6.6 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, a $4.0 million increase in professional service fees, and a $2.0
million write-offof certain intangible game assets. Extinguishment of
acquisition-related contingent consideration In March 2018, we closed the
acquisition of PeopleFun, Inc. In December 2018, we reached an agreement
with the sellers to amend the terms of an earn-out payment to provide for a
one-time payment of cash and the issuance of shares of our Class A common
stock. We recognized a gain of $10.8 million in 2018 in connection with this
subsequent agreement, representing the difference between the carrying value
of the contingent consideration liability and the fair value of the amended
payment. As the amendment to the terms of the earn-out payment was based on
facts and circumstances that did not exist as of the acquisition date, a
modification was made to the original terms and conditions, and we
recognized the gain in the period the amendment was made rather than
recording a change to the purchase price. Interest expense and loss on
settlement of debt, net
                                                                            
                    Year Ended                                              
                    December 31,                          2018 to 2019      
                    2018                   2019           % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                    -in                                                     
                    thousands,                                              
                    except                                                  
                    percentages                                             
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on        $  (484,805      )     $  (74,166  )     (85           )%  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt,                                                                  
  net                                                                       
  Percentage        (100          )%       (8       )%                      
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, net decreased by $410.6
million, or 85%, in 2019 compared to 2018. This decrease was primarily due
to $422.7 million loss related to debt extinguished in 2018, partially
offset by higher interest expense related to term loans issued in 2018 and
2019. Interest income and other gain
                                                                            
                           Year Ended                                       
                         December 31,                      2018 to 2019     
                                 2018           2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                       -in thousands,                                       
                               except                                       
                          percentages                                       
  Interest                                                                  
  income and       $            2,101       $  6,029                187  %  
  other gains                                                               
  Percentage of                     0  %           1  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Interest income and other gains increased by $3.9 million in 2019 compared
to 2018 primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents and higher
interest rates. 84

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Provision for income taxes
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                      2018 to 2019      
                                2018           2019       % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Provision for    $          19,736       $  7,194       (64           )%  
  income taxes                                                              
  Percentage of                    4  %           1  %                      
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Provision for income taxes decreased by $12.5 million primarily due to a
reduction of deferred tax liability resulting from restructuring of the
entity. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since inception, we financed our
operations primarily through payments received from business clients using
our Software and advertising on our Apps, and from user IAPs from our Apps,
and through net proceeds we received from the sales of our convertible
preferred stock and debt borrowings, including borrowings made under our
credit agreement. As of December 31, 2019, we had cash and cash equivalents
of $396.2 million. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents
would be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated working capital and capital
expenditures needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital
requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our growth
rate; expansion of sales and marketing activities; timing and extent of
spending to support our research and development efforts; capital
expenditures to purchase hardware and software; and our continued need to
invest in our IT infrastructure to support our growth. In addition, we may
enter into additional strategic partnerships as well as agreements to
acquire or invest in teams and technologies, including intellectual property
rights, which could increase our cash requirements. For example, in 2019, we
completed a number of asset and business acquisitions, which reduced our
year-end2019 cash balance by $404.2 million. As a result of these and other
factors, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing
sooner than we currently anticipate. If additional financing from outside
sources is required, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to
us, or at all. In particular, the recent COVID-19 pandemichas caused a
disruption in the global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to
access capital and negatively affect our liquidity in the future. If we are
unable to raise additional capital when required, or if we cannot expand our
operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we
lack sufficient capital, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. The following table summarizes our
cash flows for the periods indicated:
                                                                            
                                           Year Ended                       
                                         December 31,                       
                                                 2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                        -in thousands                       
  Net cash provided by operating     $        139,030       $   198,462     
  activities                                                                
  Net cash used in investing                  (67,169  )       (411,554  )  
  activities                                                                
  Net cash provided by financing                1,638           331,160     
  activities                                                                
                                                                            
Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was $198.5
million for 2019, primarily consisting of $119.0 million of net income,
adjusted for certain non-cashitems, which included $92.8 million of
depreciation and amortization expense, $10.2 million of stock-based
compensation expense and 85

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

$5.0 million of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount partially
offset by a $31.2 million increase in cash consumed by working capital. The
increase in cash consumed by
working capital was primarily driven by an increase in accounts receivable
and prepaid expenses and other current assets partially offset by higher
accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $139.0 million for 2018,
primarily consisting of $260.0 million of net loss,
adjusted for certain non-cash items, which included $428.2 million of
amortization of debt issuance costs and loss on settlement of debt, $16.1
million of depreciation and amortization expense, and
$5.5 million of stock-based compensation expense partially offset by a $39.9
million increase in cash consumed by working capital and a $10.8 million
gain in extinguishment of acquisition related contingent consideration. The
increase
in cash consumed by working capital was primarily driven by an increase in
accounts receivable and decrease in accounts payable partially offset by
lower prepaid expenses and other current assets.

Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities was $411.6 million for 2019,
consisting of $404.2 million related to acquisitions,
$4.0 million in purchases of non-marketable securities and $3.4 million in
purchases of property and equipment.

Net cash used in investing activities was $67.2 million for 2018, primarily
consisting of $65.9 million related to
acquisitions.

Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing activities was $333.2 million for 2019,
primarily consisting of $388.9 million of proceeds from
debt issuance partially offset by $41.5 million of payment of deferred
acquisition costs, $11.2 million of principal repayment of debt and $5.7
million of payment under finance leases.

Net cash provided by financing activities was $1.6 million for 2018,
primarily consisting of $791.1 million of proceeds from
debt issuance and $399.6 million in proceeds from the issuance of preferred
stock partially offset by $1,183.0 million of principal repayment of debt
and $5.9 million of payment under finance leases.

Credit Agreement

On August 15, 2018, we
entered into a credit agreement with the lenders party thereto and Bank of
America, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders (the credit
agreement), which provided for $820.0 million of senior secured term loans
and a $50.0 million
senior secured revolving loan facility. The credit agreement was amended on
April 23, 2019 to increase the senior secured term loan facility by $400.0
million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.22 billion. The credit
agreement was
further amended on April 27, 2020 to modify certain negative covenants
contained therein. The credit agreement was further amended on May 6, 2020
to increase the senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to an
aggregate
principal amount of $1.52 billion. The credit agreement was further amended
on October 27, 2020 to add an additional $541.7 million in aggregate
principal amount of revolving commitments and reduce the existing
commitments by $1.7 million,
increasing the total revolving commitments to $590.0 million, reduce the
interest rate on the revolving loans, and extend the maturity date of the
revolving loans. As of December 31, 2020, the total revolving loan
commitment under the credit
agreement was $ million.

As of December 31, 2020, our total
outstanding indebtedness under the credit agreement was $ , consisting of $
of outstanding term loans and
$ of outstanding revolving loans. See the section titled “Description of
Certain Indebtedness” for additional information.

86

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes
our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2019:
                                                                            
              Payme…                                                        
              Due by                                                        
              Period                                                  More  
               Total          Less                                    than  
                 (in          than          1-3           3-5            5  
              thous…        1 Year        Years         Years        years  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long…    $  1,208…    $   12,210    $  24,420    $   24,420    $  1,147…  
  debt…                                                                     
  Inte…                                                                     
  rate         5,336         5,336            —             —            —  
  swap…                                                                     
  Defe…                                                                     
  acqu…       130,6…       108,136       22,500             —            —  
  cost…                                                                     
  Oper…                                                                     
  lease       17,953         3,319        6,064         4,282        4,288  
  comm…                                                                     
  Fina…                                                                     
  lease        2,679         1,649        1,030             —            —  
  comm…                                                                     
  Lice…        5,342         5,342            —             —            —  
  comm…                                                                     
  Non-…                                                                     
  purc…        7,762         7,762            —             —            —  
  obli…                                                                     
  Total    $  1,378…    $  143,754    $  54,014    $   28,702    $  1,152…  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of borrowings under our credit agreement. The table above   
       does not include interest payments which vary based                  
       on changes in the interest rate index. Subsequent to December 31,    
  (1)  2019, we have incurred additional indebtedness under our credit      
       agreement. See the section titled “Description of Certain            
       Indebtedness” and Note 10 to our consolidated                        
       financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for       
       additional information regarding our long-term debt obligations.     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We entered into a $410.0 million receive-variable (one-month LIBOR)  
       and pay-fixed (2.9065%) interest rate swap                           
  (2)  agreement as part of our interest rate risk management strategy in   
       connection with our term loan. The swap expires on December 31,      
       2020. The amount included in the table represents fair value of the  
       swap on December 31, 2019.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Deferred acquisition costs represent part of the consideration       
  (3)  related to games acquired in asset acquisition                       
       transactions.                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of non-cancellable commitments for real estate leases. See  
  (4)  Note 9 to                                                            
       our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this     
       prospectus for additional information.                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of payments related to finance leases of networking         
       equipment. We lease networking equipment under month-to-month lease  
       arrangements with renewal options. The amounts include payments      
  (5)  attributable to optional renewal periods if it is reasonably         
       certain that we will exercise                                        
       such options. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements    
       included elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (6)  Licensor commitments include minimum guarantee royalty payments due  
       to licensors for use of their mobile game products.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The contractual commitment obligations in the table above are        
  (7)  associated with agreements that are enforceable and                  
       legally binding.                                                     
                                                                            
Several of the definitive agreements governing our acquisitions of our Owned
Studios and arrangements with Partner Studios provide for payment contingent
upon future performance metrics. The table above does not include any
amounts related to these obligations. These contingent consideration
arrangements include payouts based on a percentage of revenue or
profitability metrics, payouts of fixed amounts based on the achievement of
certain operating targets, and revenue share arrangements for specific apps,
and some of these arrangements do not have a maximum limit of contingent
consideration achievable. Because these contingent consideration
arrangements are based on the success of relevant Apps and are not
guaranteed, we do not expect our results of operations would be materially
and adversely effected by the payment of amounts under any such arrangement.
The table below presents a summary of the significant contingent
consideration arrangements:
                                                                            
  Relevant                              Contingent Consideration Summary    
  Transaction                                                               
                                        Future one-time earn-out payments,  
                                        based on a service agreement, of    
                                        either $60.0 million                
                                        or $30.0 million per game           
                                        depending on the nature of the new  
                                        game App developed, subject to the  
                                        achievement of a certain monthly    
                                        revenue milestone in the initial    
  Recoded asset acquisition (January    thirty-six months following the     
  2019)                                 launch of                           
                                        a new game App. The term of the     
                                        service agreement is initially      
                                        three years, after which time the   
                                        agreement is terminable by either   
                                        party upon thirty days’ written     
                                        notice. We are also required to     
                                        make                                
                                        future                              
                                                                            
87

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  Relevant                              Contingent Consideration Summary    
  Transaction                                                               
                                        one-time earn-out payments, based   
                                        on a development agreement during   
                                        the term of six years, of           
                                        $10.0 million to each of two        
                                        additional new game Apps            
                                        developed, subject to the           
                                        achievement of the same monthly     
                                        revenue milestone in the initial    
                                        thirty-six months following the     
                                        launch of such game                 
                                        Apps.                               
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
                                        the greater of (i) a predetermined  
                                        percentage of revenue or (ii) a     
                                        predetermined percentage of         
                                        earnings before interest, taxes,    
                                        depreciation and amortization       
  Samfinaco Games asset acquisition     generated by the acquired game      
  (August 2019)                         Apps over each such year. We are    
                                        also required to                    
                                        make future earn-out payments       
                                        based on performance metrics of     
                                        the newly developed game Apps       
                                        which are similar to the            
                                        performance metrics of the          
                                        initially acquired mobile game      
                                        Apps during the four years from     
                                        the date of the transaction.        
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
                                        the excess, if any, of revenue      
                                        generated by the initially          
                                        acquired game App for such year     
                                        above the sum of (i) an annual      
  Zenlife asset acquisition (June       fixed baseline revenue and (ii)     
  2020)                                 the aggregate earn-out payments     
                                        made in prior                       
                                        years. We are also required to      
                                        make future earn-out payments for   
                                        newly developed game Apps           
                                        determined under the similar        
                                        approach as for the initially       
                                        acquired mobile game Apps.          
                                        Future earn-out payments based on   
                                        a predetermined percentage of       
                                        revenue net of certain direct       
                                        costs generated by the initially    
  Recent asset acquisition (March       acquired game App, or additional    
  2020)                                 game Apps developed under a         
                                        service and development agreement,  
                                        over the term of the agreement,     
                                        which is initially two years, but   
                                        which may renew for an additional   
                                        two-year term.                      
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction are                 
                                        based on (i)(a) the revenue         
                                        generated by the initially          
                                        acquired game App and any           
  Recent asset acquisition (April       additional game Apps developed      
  2020)                                 under a service and development     
                                        agreement over the term of four     
                                        years in excess of (b) a baseline   
                                        revenue threshold, multiplied by    
                                        (ii) tiered revenue multiples, up   
                                        to a cumulative amount of $45.0     
                                        million.                            
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
  Recent asset acquisition (November    (i)(a) the revenue generated by     
  2020)                                 the initially acquired game Apps    
                                        in each such year in excess of (b)  
                                        a certain revenue threshold,        
                                        multiplied by (ii) a predetermined  
                                        revenue multiple.                   
                                                                            
For acquisitions of Owned Studios that are accounted for as business
combinations, contingent consideration is initially recognized at fair
value. For our other transactions, we generally recognize contingent
consideration only on the date when the related performance metrics are
achieved. See Notes 2, 7, and 20 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information. As of
December 31, 2019, we had recorded liabilities of $6.0 million related to
uncertain tax positions. Due to uncertainties in the timing of potential tax
audits, the timing of the resolution of these positions is uncertain and we
are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the timing of payments in
individual years particularly beyond 12 months. As a result, this amount is
not included in the table above. 88

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

In April 2020, we entered into a share purchase agreement with Redemption
Games, Inc.
(Redemption Games). We purchased a majority of the outstanding common stock
of Redemption Games and entered into agreements with the equityholders of
Redemption Games that, among other things, provide for call/put rights
whereby such holders can
elect to require us to purchase all or a portion of their vested securities
on a specified date in February of each year from 2021 to 2025 and we can
require such holders to sell to us all of their remaining securities on or
after February 19, 2025,
each for a purchase price per share of the then current fair market value
per share of common stock of Redemption Games. Based on the fair market
value of the common stock of Redemption Games at December 31, 2020, the
purchase price for an exercise
in full of such call options would have been $ .

In November 2020, we issued a convertible security in connection with a
strategic partnership with Athena FZE. Such security is
convertible into shares of our common stock starting 61 days following this
offering. The convertible security may be converted, at the option of the
holder, into a number of shares of our Class A Common Stock equal to $40.0
million
divided by a conversion price equal to (i) the preceding 20-day volume-
weighted average trading price per share of Class A Common Stock multiplied
by (ii) 0.8. If any portion of the convertible
security is converted by November 12, 2021, we have agreed to redeem in cash
such remaining portion of the convertible security. If the holder does not
convert the entire maximum conversion amount by November 18, 2021, we are
required to
redeem the remaining conversion amount for cash. If this offering does not
close on or prior to November 18, 2021, we are required to redeem the
convertible security for $40.0 million in cash. The convertible security
does not entitle the
holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder prior to
conversion.

In December 2020, we entered into a commercial
agreement with a cloud service provider under which we committed to spend a
minimum of $130.0 million on certain cloud platform services over a period
of five years.

Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk

We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business, which
primarily relate to fluctuations in interest rates.

As of December 31, 2019, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of
$396.2 million. A hypothetical 10% change in
interest rates would not have a material impact on our financial condition
or results of operations due to the short-term nature of our cash
equivalents.

As of December 31, 2019, we had a term loan balance of $1,180.6 million
partially hedged by an interest rate swap. A
hypothetical 50 basis point change in interest rates as of December 31, 2019
would have resulted in a change in net income of $3.9 million in 2019.

Off-BalanceSheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2019, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenue, or
expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to
investors.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

We believe that the following accounting policies involve a high degree of
judgment and complexity and are critical to understanding and
evaluating our consolidated financial condition and

89

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

results of our operations. An accounting policy is considered to be critical
if it requires judgment on a significant accounting estimate to be made
based on assumptions about matters that are
uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that
reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that
are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the
reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures in our
audited consolidated financial statements. We have based our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Although we believe that the estimates we use
are reasonable, due to the
inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results
reported in future periods could differ from those estimates.

We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more
significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for
additional information.

Revenue from Contracts with Customers

We generate revenue from two types of customers—Business and Consumer.
Business Revenue includes fees paid by mobile app advertisers
that use our Software, and revenue generated from the sale of digital
advertising inventory of our Apps. Consumer Revenue consists of IAPs made by
users within our Apps.

Business Revenue

Our
Software provides the technology to match advertisers and third-party owners
of digital advertising inventory via auctions at large scale and
microsecond-level speeds. The pricing and terms for all mobile advertising
arrangements are governed by our
terms and conditions and generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days
subsequent to the end of the month. The contract is fully cancellable at any
time.

For Business Revenue generated through the placement of advertisements on
mobile game apps owned by publishers, our performance
obligation is to provide an advertiser with access to our Software which
facilitates the advertiser’s purchase of advertising inventory from
publishers. We do not control the advertising inventory prior to its
transfer to the advertiser, our
customer, because we do not have the substantive ability to direct the use
of, nor obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the
advertising inventory. We are not primarily responsible for fulfillment and
do not have any inventory
risk. We are an agent as it relates to the sale of third-party advertising
inventory and present revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the
product of either the number of completions of agreed upon actions or
advertisements displayed and
the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser
less consideration paid or payable to publishers.

Advertisers also purchase the advertising inventory of our Apps either
through our Software or through third-party advertising networks.
Revenue from the sale of advertising inventory through third-party
advertising networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by third-
party advertising networks as we are unable to determine the gross amount
paid by the advertisers to the
third-party advertising networks.

We recognize mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon action is
completed or when the ad
is displayed to users, depending on the agreed upon pricing mechanism with
an advertiser or third-party advertising network. The number of
advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon

90

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 actions is determined at the end of each month, which
resolves any uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting
period. Consumer Revenue IAPs include fees collected from users of our Apps
for virtual goods that can be spent to obtain hints or solutions for solving
a game and removing advertisements. The identified performance obligation is
a promise to enhance the game experience through a hint or other means that
is consumed in gameplay (consumable virtual goods) or a promise to not
present advertisements within the game (durable virtual goods). Payment is
required at the time of purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount.
Users make IAPs through our distribution partners. The transaction price is
equal to the gross amount charged to users because we are the principal in
the transaction. IAP fees are non-refundable.Such payments are initially
recorded to deferred revenue. We recognize revenue for IAPs depending on
whether the underlying virtual good is consumable or durable as follows:
                                                                            
       For the sale of consumable virtual goods, we satisfy our             
  •    performance obligation and recognize revenue as the items are        
       consumed, with the substantial majority being recognized in the      
       first week and the remainder in the next few weeks.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       For the sale of durable virtual goods, we satisfy our performance    
       obligation and recognize revenue ratably over the                    
       estimated average user life for the applicable game (i.e., over      
       time). Revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods was not        
  •    material for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019.             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
We present taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental
authorities on a net basis. Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations We
perform an initial test to determine whether substantially all of the fair
value of the gross assets transferred are concentrated in a single
identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, such that the
acquisition would not represent a business. If that test suggests that the
set of assets and activities is a business, we then perform a second test to
evaluate whether the assets and activities transferred include inputs and
substantive processes that together, significantly contribute to the ability
to create outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of the
second test suggests that the acquired assets and activities constitute a
business, we account for the transaction as a business combination. For
transactions accounted for as business combinations, we allocate the fair
value of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired,
liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated
fair values. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of any
promised contingent consideration. The excess of the fair value of
acquisition consideration over the fair values of acquired identifiable
assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Contingent consideration is
remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with changes in the fair
value of contingent consideration recorded in general and administrative
expenses. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates
and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Management’s
estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a
result, actual results may differ from estimates. In certain circumstances,
the allocations of the excess purchase price are based upon preliminary
estimates and assumptions and subject to revision when we receive final
information, including appraisals and other analyses. During the measurement
period, which is one year from the 91

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the
conclusion of the measurement period, any
subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related costs
are expensed as incurred.

For transactions accounted for
as asset acquisitions, the cost, including certain transaction costs, is
allocated to the assets acquired on the basis of relative fair values. We
generally include contingent consideration in the cost of the assets
acquired only when the
uncertainty is resolved. We recognize contingent consideration adjustments
to the cost of the acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line
method over the remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is
recognized in asset acquisitions.

Services and Development Agreements

We enter into strategic agreements with Partner Studios. We have
historically allowed these Partner Studios to continue their operations
with a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, we bought Apps from
Partner Studios and entered into service and development agreements whereby
Partner Studios provide support in improving existing Apps and developing
new Apps. The substantial
majority of payments associated with service agreements for existing Apps
are expensed to research and development when the services are rendered as
the payments primarily relate to developing enhancements for the Apps.
Payments for new Apps
associated with development agreements are generally made in connection with
the development of a particular App, and therefore, we are subject to
development risk prior to the release of the App. Accordingly, payments that
are due prior to
completion of an App are generally expensed to research and development over
the development period as the services are incurred. Payments due after
completion of an App are generally capitalized and expensed as cost of
revenue. See Notes 7 and 20
to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus for additional information.

Software Development Costs

We incur development costs related to internal-use software and the
development of
Apps. We review software development costs on a quarterly basis to determine
if the costs qualify for capitalization. As a result of an agile and
iterative development process, the preliminary project stage remains ongoing
until just prior to
launch, at which time final feature selection occurs. As such, software
development costs do not meet the criteria for capitalization and are
expensed as incurred to research and development expenses. We did not
capitalize any software development
costs during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019.

Goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment on an
annual basis during the fourth quarter or more frequently if we
believe indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events that may indicate
impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in
customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of goodwill
or a significant
decrease in expected cash flows. When conducting quantitative annual
goodwill impairment assessments, we compare the fair value of its reporting
units to their carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, then we
record a goodwill impairment. Commencing January 1, 2019, the lesser of (i)
the entire amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds
its fair value or (ii) the carrying value of goodwill allocated to such
reporting
unit is recorded as an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31, 2018 and
2019, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.

Intangible Assets

This consists of identifiable intangible assets, primarily Apps, user base,
and developed technology resulting from business
acquisitions. Acquired intangible assets are recorded at cost, net of

92

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

accumulated amortization. Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated useful lives, generally two to seven years. Our
estimates of useful lives of intangible
assets are based on cash flow forecasts which incorporate various
assumptions, including forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition
rates, and level of user engagement.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate
an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. If such circumstances are
present, we assess the recoverability of the long-lived assets by comparing
the carrying value to the undiscounted future cash flows associated with the
related assets.
If the future net undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value
of the assets, the assets are considered impaired and an expense equal to
the amount required to reduce the carrying value of the assets to the
estimated fair value is
recorded as an impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated
statements of operations. Significant judgment is required to estimate the
amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving
those cash flows. Assumptions and
estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and
often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including
external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors
such as changes in our
business strategy and our internal forecasts. For example, if future
operating results do not meet current forecasts, we may be required to
record future impairment charges for acquired intangible assets. Additional
factors which significantly
affect future cash flows related to long-lived assets include, but are not
limited to, forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates, and
level of user engagement. Significant changes in these factors may require
us to reassess
recoverability of long-lived assets and record impairment. Impairment
charges could materially decrease future net income and result in lower
asset values on our consolidated balance sheet. There were no material
impairment charges recorded for the
years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019.

Stock-Based Compensation

We estimate the fair value of employee stock-based compensation awards on
the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and
recognize the grant date fair value as compensation expense on a straight-
line basis over the requisite service period. The Black-Scholes option
pricing model requires use of various assumptions, including expected option
life and expected stock
price volatility. We determine the expected option life as the average of
the options’ contractual term and the options’ vesting period. We estimate
the options’ volatility using volatilities of public companies in a
comparable
industry, stage of life cycle, and size. We use the straight-line method for
recording stock-based compensation expense and recognize forfeitures as they
occur.

After the adoption of the Accounting Standards Update 2018-07—Compensation-
Stock Compensation (Topic718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based
Payment Accounting, on January 1, 2019, we account for non-employee stock-
based compensation awards similar to
employee stock-based compensation awards. Prior to 2019, options and other
equity awards granted to non-employees were subject to periodic
remeasurement over the period during which services were rendered
based on the remaining contractual term.

93

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following tables summarize the assumptions used in
the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of our
stock options: The weighted average assumptions used to estimate the fair
value of employee stock options granted are as follows:
                                                                           
                                    Year Ended December 31,                
                                                       2018       2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected term                       6.00       6.05     
  Expected volatility                                    62  %      43  %  
  Risk-free interest rate                              2.58  %    1.91  %  
  Dividend yield                                          0  %       0  %  
                                                                           
The weighted average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of non-
employeestock options granted are as follows:
                                                                           
                                    Year Ended December 31,                
                                                       2018       2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected term                       9.37       6.04     
  Expected volatility                                    63  %      45  %  
  Risk-free interest rate                              3.01  %    1.97  %  
  Dividend yield                                          0  %       0  %  
                                                                           
Given the absence of a public trading market for our common stock, and in
accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity
Securities Issued as Compensation, our board of directors exercised its
reasonable judgment and considered numerous objective and subjective factors
to determine the best estimate of fair value of our common stock, including:
                                                                
  •    independent third-party valuations of our common stock;  
                                                                
                                                                            
       the price of sales of our common stock and preferred stock in        
  •    recent secondary sales by existing stockholders to                   
       investors;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                       
  •    our capital resources and financial condition;  
                                                       
                                                                            
  •    the preferences held by our preferred stock classes relative to      
       those of our common stock;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the likelihood and timing of achieving a liquidity event, such as    
  •    an initial public offering or sale of the company,                   
       given prevailing market conditions;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our historical operating and financial performance as well as our    
       estimates of future financial performance;                           
                                                                            
                                            
  •    valuations of comparable companies;  
                                            
                                     
  •    the hiring of key personnel;  
                                     
                                                                            
  •    the status of our development, product introduction, and sales       
       efforts;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                               
  •    the price paid by us to repurchase outstanding shares;  
                                                               
                                                                
  •    the relative lack of marketability of our common stock;  
                                                                
                                                                            
  •    industry information such as market growth and volume and            
       macro-economic events; and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    additional objective and subjective factors relating to our          
       business.                                                            
                                                                            
Prior to this offering, in valuing our common stock, our board of directors
determined the fair value of our common stock using both the income and
market approach valuation methods, in addition to 94

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

giving consideration to recent secondary sales of our common stock. The
income approach estimates value based on the expectation of future cash
flows that a company will generate. These future
cash flows are discounted to their present values using a discount rate
based on our weighted-average cost of capital, and is adjusted to reflect
the risks inherent in our cash flows. The market approach estimates value
based on a comparison of our
company to comparable public companies in a similar line of business. From
the comparable companies, a representative market value multiple is
determined and then applied to our company’s financial forecasts to estimate
the value of the subject
company.

Following this offering, it will not be necessary to determine the fair
value of our common stock, as the shares will be
traded in the public market.

Based upon the assumed initial public offering price of
$ per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover
page of this prospectus, the aggregate intrinsic value of our stock options
outstanding as of December 31,
2020 was $ million, with $ million related to vested stock options.

Income Taxes

We
account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which
requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
financial statements. Under this
method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the
differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected
to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and
liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date.

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets are more
likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence,
including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences,
projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and
results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to
realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded
amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be
made to reduce the
provision for income taxes.

We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (i) whether it is more likely than
not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical
merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more-
likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of
tax benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate
settlement with the related tax authority.

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on
the income tax expense line in our consolidated statement of
operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax
liability line in the consolidated balance sheet.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this prospectus for recently adopted accounting
pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
as of the dates of the statement of financial position included in this
prospectus.

95

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

LETTER FROM ADAM FOROUGHI, CO-FOUNDERAND CEO

From the beginning, we built AppLovin differently.

When we founded AppLovin in 2011, we thought our vision for solving the
mobile app discovery problem was exactly the kind of big idea that every
venture
capitalist would love. Maybe it just wasn’t the right timing, but not a
single VC chose to invest with us after countless meetings. At AppLovin, we
love a challenge, and rather than being discouraged, we were motivated. We
knew that mobile apps
were changing the world, and that the importance of the app ecosystem would
only increase. We believed that if we could help developers get their apps
discovered by the right end users, we would build a meaningful business that
would simultaneously
better the lives of consumers around the world.

Without venture capital, we committed to profitable growth from Day 1. We
remained intensely
focused on the things that mattered most—our people, our products, and our
technology. Every dollar and every resource were allocated with care.
Looking back, we have had positive cash flows from operating activities each
year since 2013 and we
still treat every dollar like it is our own.

Our lean, entrepreneurial approach means that we can make fast decisions, be
flexible and creative,
and deliver more value for our customers. We keep our technology at the core
of everything we do and are always thinking about what comes next. While we
have grown significantly over the years, we have maintained this hungry,
smart, and focused
culture—a culture that is embedded in our DNA. This approach has fueled our
success to date and will continue to carry us into the future.

We
thank you for considering an investment in AppLovin, and we are excited to
share our story with you.

Our Mission

Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem.

When we started in 2011, mobile was in its early days, but it was clear the
smartphone had unlocked a new world of possibility. Apps—with their
endless use cases and potential – were the future, and we wanted to be in
the middle of it.

So, we set out to build our own apps. The first
one was an app discovery product for the consumer. We were so excited to
share our work with the world, but soon realized there were no great
alternatives to do this cost effectively. We realized that getting our app
to the user was actually the
hard part, and that this was a big problem. With that one foundational
insight, we rebuilt our business around the developer – creating products
that made the developers’ lives easier, and enabling them to reach users in
every
corner of the globe. AppDiscovery was born.

The success of AppDiscovery and the products that came after it, stems from
our belief that when our
partners succeed, we succeed. At AppLovin, we wake up every day to build the
best tools and products in the market, and to provide our business clients
with measurable gains that fuel growth in their enterprises.

In 2018, we created AppLovin Apps to further extend our reach in the mobile
app ecosystem. Today, AppLovin Apps has grown into a portfolio of over 200
leading mobile apps that entertain tens of millions of happy consumers every
day. When we build our tools we build for our business clients and for our
AppLovin Apps. Our experience as an app developer allows us to better
understand and better
serve, the needs of our business clients—which, in turn, creates more growth
in their business, and in ours.

96

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Our People and Our Culture

Every day, I am humbled by the talent and dedication of our team, and the
passion they bring to our business. To the AppLovin team, thank you.

We believe that great people and great culture is the bedrock for our
success. Today, we still maintain the same nimble approach that kickstarted
our
business when AppLovin was bootstrapped with a few developers in a small
Palo Alto office:

We seek excellence. We want to be the best. We
keep the bar high and we hold each other accountable. We aim to work harder
and smarter than the rest.

We are entrepreneurial. We
haven’t forgotten our roots. We hire exceptional people and we let them
build. We are always looking for new ways to do things, always investing,
always improving. We move fast.

We are inclusive and excel through our culture of diversity. We believe in
giving each person the opportunity to advance themselves based on the
merits of their work. We are a company where every person has the
opportunity to grow, learn, and contribute. Diverse cultures bring diverse
viewpoints, which fosters innovation. Often, our best leaders don’t have
traditional backgrounds and
challenge the most conventional of wisdom.

We are fast and deliver. Our business is about performance. We feel immense
responsibility to our
customers, our users, and our fellow AppLovin teammates to deliver on our
mission each and every day.

We do it all with integrity. We are
open and honest, even if it is not the easy thing to do. We build for the
long-term, and we strive to do it the right way. We know that our reputation
takes a lifetime to build and a moment to lose.

Our Future

Writing this letter, I am even more optimistic
than I was when I first took that trip down Sand Hill Road in 2011. The
mobile app economy is bigger than we had ever imagined, and our platform is
stronger.

From the beginning, we built AppLovin differently, and we promise to
continue building differently. We will always put innovation first. And we
will
always deliver products that bring mobile apps to the world.

With all the progress that we have made so far, we feel that AppLovin’s
journey
is just beginning. We hope you join us.

97

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 BUSINESS Our mission is to grow the mobile app
ecosystem by enabling the success of mobile app developers. Our software
solutions provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to grow their
businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of
their apps. Since inception, our platform has driven over five billion
mobile app installs for mobile app developers. Our software, coupled with
our deep industry knowledge and expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale a
successful and diversified portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and
partnership strategy. Our scaled and integrated business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong growth. Over
the past two decades, mobile apps have become integral to our lives. Mobile
apps offer a wide array of applications, such as allowing users to
seamlessly share ideas, make purchases, monitor health, and access
entertainment. Based on data from IDC, we estimate our total market
opportunity to be $189 billion in 2020 from $53 billion in 2015, or a 29%
CAGR. Growth of the mobile app ecosystem benefits mobile app users, but
makes it harder for mobile app developers, and particularly indie
developers, to scale and succeed in a crowded market. Most developers lack
access to the marketing, monetization, and data analytics tools required to
stand out among the more than 4.8 million mobile apps available on the Apple
App Store and Google Play Store, according to Statista, or attract
sufficient numbers of mobile app users to create and sustain a successful
long-term business. Underscoring how difficult it is to create a successful
mobile app, SensorTower estimates that 80% of all mobile app downloads were
generated by 1% of the total developers across Apple App Store and Google
Play Store in the third quarter of 2019. The marketing and monetization
challenges faced by mobile app developers are particularly acute for
developers of mobile games, which is one of the largest and fastest-growing
segments within the mobile app ecosystem. According to IDC, there are more
than 2 billion mobile gamers worldwide—and, according to Statista, there are
more than 1.3 million mobile gaming apps on the Apple App Store and Google
Play Store. Mobile gaming accounts for 39% of worldwide app downloads and
for 72% of all app store consumer spend by value, according to Sensor Tower.
Mobile gaming is projected to grow at an over 7.2% CAGR from 2020 to 2024,
according to IDC. AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app
developers, in particular mobile game developers, solving key marketing and
monetization challenges. Through our technologies and scaled distribution,
developers are able to manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing
investments, and improve the monetization of their apps. The key elements of
our solutions are delivered through the AppLovin Platform, which is
comprised of AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software:
                                                                            
       AppLovin Core Technologies: Our foundational technology              
       infrastructure which powers our Software and, in turn,               
       our Apps. Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON                  
       machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph, and our       
       elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core Technologies are robust,      
       having processed over 2.5 petabytes of data per day on average and   
  •    up                                                                   
       to five trillion events per day in November 2020, while remaining    
       flexible enough to rapidly adjust to our clients’ evolving needs.    
       Our App Graph stores and manages anonymized data from hundreds of    
       millions of mobile devices we reach every day,                       
       which our AXON engine then leverages to better predict and match     
       users to relevant advertising content.                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppLovin Software: A comprehensive suite of tools for developers to  
  •    get their mobile apps discovered and                                 
       downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend,   
       and maximize monetization of engagement.                             
                                                                            
98

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery, our marketing software solution, is the cornerstone    
       of our Software, augmented by our rapidly growing MAX                
       monetization solution and Compass analytics tools. AppDiscovery is   
  •    powered by AXON and provides the technology to match advertiser      
       demand with publisher supply through auctions at vast scale and      
       microsecond-level speeds, peaking at three million                   
       requests processed per second in November 2020.                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       MAX utilizes an advanced in-app bidding technology that optimizes    
       the value of a                                                       
  •    developer’s advertising inventory by running a real-time             
       competitive auction, driving more competition and higher returns     
       for publishers.                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Compass is the analytics tool within MAX which gives developers the  
       testing capabilities, insights, and intelligence                     
  •    needed to stay competitive and manage profitability. Our Software    
       reaches an audience of over                     million users every  
       day.9                                                                
                                                                            
In 2018, given an opportunity to scale our own apps using our Software,
insights, and expertise in the mobile app ecosystem, we launched our first-
party content strategy, AppLovin Apps. Today, our Apps consist of a globally
diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games across eight
genres, run by twelve studios including Owned Studios and Partner Studios.
Our Apps provide data and insights as users play games, thus improving our
App Graph and AXON recommendation engine. Since 2018, 31 of our games have
ranked in the Top 10 Free Games overall, according to Sensor Tower. Our
studios generally focus on low-riskdevelopment of easy to learn and play
games, which appeal to a broad range of demographics, but also develop
several games for other genres. This approach mitigates risk that
traditional games face and replaces it with a more predictable and
repeatable economic model. The combination of our Platform and Apps forms a
strategic flywheel that drives growth across our business and furthers our
competitive advantages. As more developers use our Platform’s Software to
market and monetize their mobile apps, we gain access to more users and more
user engagement further strengthening our scaled distribution. As our
distribution grows, we gain better insights for our App Graph and AXON
recommendation engine, which then further enhances our Software. This
continuously improving flywheel helps developers that use our Software to
create and sustain successful businesses, growing both our own business and
the mobile app ecosystem. We accelerate our capabilities and enhance our
strategic position in the mobile app ecosystem by actively pursuing
acquisitions and partnerships for new technologies and apps. Insights that
we derive from our strategic position and flywheel allow us to proactively
identify attractive acquisition and partnership opportunities across the
mobile app ecosystem. Since the beginning of 2018, we have invested over $1
billion across 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app studios,
games, and technologies. In the case of new apps, we are able to deploy our
Software and expertise to accelerate revenue growth, enabling us to generate
strong returns on investment. We estimate that a year after joining our
portfolio, acquired Apps have increased their quarterly revenue over 100% on
average. 10Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships will continue to be a
part of our growth strategy going forward. Our focus on building market-
leading technology, coupled with our unique approach to developing and
growing our Apps portfolio, has produced a business model characterized by
rapid growth and
                                                                            
     For                                                                    
     . We calculate this audience as the average number of unique device    
     identities that open a mobile app (whether that mobile app             
     our own or a third party’s) which has our software development kit     
     (SDK) on each day in a period. We measure this figure through our      
  9  SDK. An individual who uses an app in more than one country on a       
     particular day will be counted as more than                            
     one unique device identity; however, if an individual uses more than   
     one app in the same day, such individual is only counted once. This    
     figure does not include any users who have opted out of allowing apps  
     to track on their mobile phone.                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
      Based on a comparison of unaudited revenue for such acquired Apps     
  10  for the three months prior to the acquisition against                 
      our revenue from such Apps in the same period in the subsequent       
      year.                                                                 
                                                                            
99

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

strong cash flow generation. Our revenue has grown at an 87% CAGR from 2016
to 2019. For 2019, our revenue grew 106% year-over-year from 2018, from
$483.4 million in 2018 to
$994.1 million in 2019. We generated a net loss of $260.0 million in 2018
and net income of $119.0 million in 2019. We generated Adjusted EBITDA of
$255.6 million and $301.4 million in 2018 and 2019, respectively. This has
allowed us to reinvest in the growth of our integrated software and apps and
consummate acquisitions and investments. See the section titled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA” for a description of Adjusted
EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the
most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with
GAAP.

Industry Background

Key Trends within the Mobile App Ecosystem

The mobile app ecosystem is growing rapidly and is increasingly defining how
we interact with the world. Increasing global penetration of smartphones,
the cloud, and faster data has fueled a rapid expansion in the mobile app
ecosystem. In 2019, for the first time Americans consumed more content on
mobile devices than on TV according to
eMarketer, providing a significant growth opportunity for the mobile app
ecosystem. Mobile apps offer an amazing array of applications, such as
allowing users to seamlessly share ideas, make purchases, monitor their
health, and access entertainment.
Based on data from IDC, we estimate that the mobile app ecosystem grew to
$189 billion in 2020 from $53 billion in 2015, or a 29% CAGR. In 2019, over
204 billion applications were downloaded globally, according to App Annie.

The proliferation of accessible and affordable advanced development tools
has led to lower cost and shorter development times for new apps. A broad
selection of high quality, easy to use, commoditized development kits has
decreased the time, capital, and expertise required to make an app. App
stores have removed distribution barriers by seamlessly delivering apps to
billions
of users. Through live operations efforts, developers regularly update and
tailor their in-market apps to optimize engagement, usage, and monetization.

Mobile gaming has become one of the largest and fastest-growing sectors
within the mobile app ecosystem. Mobile gaming accounts
for 39% of worldwide app downloads and for 72% of all app store consumer
spend by value, according to Sensor Tower. Improvements in processors,
displays, battery life, and connectivity have attracted users to mobile
devices from other platforms and
fueled the acceleration of growth across mobile gaming. With the creation of
new gaming genres that have a wide appeal, the profile of gamers has broadly
expanded.

Key Challenges for Developers

Today’s app developer journey has three key steps – make, market, and
monetize. The ‘make’ step has never been
easier, but developers still face key challenges in marketing and monetizing
their apps.

The abundance of apps today creates a discovery and marketing challenge for
mobile app developers. The ease of making apps has created a highly
fragmented market with over 2.87 million apps available through the Google
Play Store and 1.96 million apps available through the
Apple App Store, according to Statista. Of these, there are more than 1.3
million mobile games for users to choose from, according to Statista. As the
number of apps has grown, so have the number of mobile app users, creating
an incredibly
complex matching dilemma. To further amplify the problem, even after a user
downloads an app, for the average consumer in the United States, that app is
now just one of the nearly 100 apps on the average smartphone according to
App Annie, meaning
developers must

100

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

compete for user engagement and screen time. As a result, developers must
overcome both a crowded marketplace and home screen to successfully market
and monetize their apps, and this is
especially difficult for indie developers. Today, only approximately 4,000
mobile apps generate more than $1 million annually, according to IDC.

Many developers lack access to marketing and monetization tools required to
build a successful business in the mobile app ecosystem.Most mobile apps are
free to install and many rely on in-game advertising and IAPs for
monetization. To be successful, a developer’s app must not just be
discovered but also generate user engagement
to effectively sell ad inventory or create compelling content for IAPs. To
generate advertising revenue, developers must navigate a complicated partner
ecosystem with revenue leakage at each step. Effective marketing spend that
matches a targeted
ad, priced accurately and for the right user, leads to better results. These
small efficiency gains differentiate apps in the highly fragmented and
inefficient broader mobile app ecosystem.

Our Market Opportunity

Based on data
from IDC, we estimate our total market opportunity in the mobile app
ecosystem to be $189 billion. We calculated this estimate by aggregating
worldwide total in-app advertising revenue of $101 billion (including both
gaming and non-gaming in-app display, video, and other advertising, but
excluding in-app search advertising) and worldwide direct game spending of
$88 billion for 2020.

Today, many of our customers come from the mobile gaming market. We
initially focused on this market because we saw a sophisticated yet
fragmented market, which would appreciate the need for highly effective
marketing spending that leads to improved customer retention, customer
lifetime value, and return on investment. Based on data from IDC, we
estimate the mobile gaming market
opportunity for developers/publishers to be $110 billion in 2020, growing at
a 7.2% CAGR through 2024. This opportunity comprises both direct game
spending of $88 billion in 2020, growing to $108 billion by 2024, and mobile
gaming
advertising payouts to developers/publishers of $22 billion in 2020, growing
to $38 billion by 2024.

Our Software
can also serve the rapidly growing, broader mobile app market. Our Software
is already used by several non-gaming apps and we will continue to expand
our value proposition for these apps going forward. As
such, we believe we have an attractive opportunity to capture market share
in the broader mobile advertising market.

How We Grow the Mobile App Ecosystem

We have built and invested in our Platform, which expands the mobile app
ecosystem by solving key developer growth challenges.
We deliver value to mobile app developers by helping scale their businesses
and maximize their revenue through our marketing and monetization
technologies and expertise. Our uniquely integrated Platform —comprised of
our Core Technologies and
Software—combines marketing, monetization, and analytics into a single
unified technology stack.

101

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 AppLovin’s Integrated Approach Applovin software
Platform marketing appdiscovery monetization max analytics compass applovin
core technologies axon machine learning app graph flexible, robust, cloud
infrastructure apps Applovin apps client apps AppLovin Core Technologies Our
Core Technologies are our foundational technology infrastructure, which
powers our Software and, in turn, our Apps. Our Core Technologies consist of
our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph data
management layer, and our elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core
Technologies catalogue and consolidate billions of interactions globally
every day into our proprietary App Graph. AXON receives information from our
App Graph and uses its machine-learning algorithms to match each user to
relevant advertising content, driving better engagement and monetization.
Our flexible, robust cloud infrastructure is the backbone of our Core
Technologies. This proprietary system allows us to operate at massive scale
and process significant data while maintaining a high degree of flexibility,
so that we may keep pace with the ever-evolving needs of our customers. Our
Core Technologies operate at high scale and speed, having processed over 2.5
petabytes of data per day on average and up to five trillion events per day
in November 2020. Our globally distributed data infrastructure ensures we
are able to connect with devices worldwide and process aggregate user
activity across our Software. AppLovin Software Our Software provides a
comprehensive suite of tools for developers, primarily indie developers, to
grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and
monetization of their apps. This suite is made up of three key solutions:
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery is our marketing software solution, which matches       
       advertiser demand with publisher supply                              
       through auctions at vast scale and microsecond-level speeds,         
  •    peaking at three million requests processed per second in November   
       2020. AppDiscovery is powered by our AXON machine-learning engine    
       with predictive algorithms that enable developers to                 
       match their apps to users that are more likely to download them.     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of an    
       app’s advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive       
       auction, driving more competition and higher returns for             
  •    publishers. Many developers that integrate MAX have experienced a    
       measurable increase in their average revenue per daily               
       active user over traditional monetization tools and save countless   
       hours because they are able to automate manual monetization work     
       through its advanced feature set.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Compass is our analytics software solution which is integrated into  
  •    MAX, gives developers insights from                                  
       deep analytics, allowing developers to optimize ad-based             
       monetization, improve                                                
                                                                            
102

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                   
  user engagement, and manage their return on      
  investment. Compass delivers advanced analytics  
  such as advanced reporting and profitability     
  analysis to developers in an easy-to-use,        
  integrated solution.                             
                                                   
When deployed together, our Software helps developers better reach and
monetize a more precisely targeted and valuable user base. Our Software is
delivered through an integrated and seamless user interface, allowing
developers to accelerate their revenue opportunities, reduce the time they
spend on marketing and monetization, and focus on what they do
best—developing apps. AppLovin Apps Our Apps consist of a globally
diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games run by twelve
studios with a deep bench of talented developers. These Apps are accessed by
users every day. 11In addition, 31 of our games have reached the Top Ten
Free Games, according to Sensor Tower. Our diversified portfolio covers
eight gaming genres, the most frequent of which is casual games, and appeals
to a broad global audience across different ages, genders, and locations.
Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios utilize our Software to market and
monetize our Apps. When using our Software, our Apps have an economic
advantage, which benefits our business as a whole. The strategy of our
studios is to allow developers to focus on creating great Apps, while
leveraging our Software and expertise to unlock the potential of those Apps.
For example, PeopleFun was acquired in March 2018 and after a year, we
estimate PeopleFun had increased its quarterly revenue by over five times
and monthly installs on AppDiscovery by nearly seven times. 12 Peoplefun
acquired march 2018 installs on appdiscovery pre-acquisitions vs +12 months
installs 214k monthly installs 1.4m +12 months installs total quarterly
revenue pre-acquisition vs. +12 months post 1x 5.4x
                                                                            
      For           . We calculate this figure as the average number of     
      unique device identities that opens one of our Apps on each day in a  
  11  period. We use third-party attribution partners to measure this       
      figure. An individual who opens more than one App on a particular     
      day will be counted as more than one user for this                    
      purpose.                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
      The quarterly revenue measurement is based on a comparison of the     
      unaudited revenue of PeopleFun for January through                    
  12  March 2018 compared to our unaudited revenue generated by PeopleFun   
      for the same period in 2019. The monthly installs measurement is      
      based on internal data from AppDiscovery for the same periods.        
                                                                            
103

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Similarly, in November 2019, we acquired Clipwire
Games, which was not a business client. After its first year using our
Software, we estimate Clipwire Games increased its quarterly revenue by four
times and monthly installs on AppDiscovery from zero to 254,000. 13 Clipware
games acquired nov 2019 installs on app discovery pre-acquisition vs. +12
months installs 0 installs 254k +12 months installs total quarterly revenue
pre-acquisition vs. +12 months post 1x 4x Our Strategic Flywheel The
mutually reinforcing combination of our Software’s scaled distribution, our
App’s first-party content, and our Core Technologies’ recommendation engine
creates a powerful flywheel effect that enhances each component and
importantly improves our overall strategic position and capabilities. As our
Software improves and is able to deliver more effective ads to more relevant
users, more developers use and integrate their apps with our Software,
growing our scaled distribution. This grows the number of users on and level
of engagement with our Apps and third-party apps. With a larger number of
users engaged with our Software and our Apps, our App Graph gains more
insights and data. The enhanced App Graph feeds our AXON machine-learning
recommendation engine, improving its insights and matching capabilities. As
the insights generated by AXON improve, the effectiveness of our Software is
enhanced in real-time. Better Software leads to more developer demand,
restarting the virtuous cycle of our strategic flywheel. Our Software
benefits from more apps and users from both our Apps and those of third-
party developers. Through more volume and better underlying software, our
Software can better match and price the supply of advertising inventory and
demand from advertisers, helping users discover the apps they love and
delivering better returns for developers. Apps—whether third party or our
own—benefit from the improved marketing and monetization capabilities of our
Software, driving growth in users and revenue. With greater scale and
resources, developers can reinvest to create new apps, improve existing
apps, and further invest in user acquisition, thereby growing the overall
mobile app ecosystem.
                                                                            
      The quarterly revenue measurement is based on a comparison of the     
      unaudited revenue of Clipwire Games for August                        
  13  through October 2019 compared to our unaudited revenue generated by   
      Clipwire Games for the same period in 2020. The monthly installs      
      measurement is based on internal data from AppDiscovery for the same  
      periods.                                                              
                                                                            
104

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

We derive highly strategic insights from our flywheel. As the largest user
of our
Software, our Apps benefit from the expertise and cost savings of our
Software, leading to greater returns on user acquisition spend. This allows
our Apps to make significant investments in user acquisition, giving us
further insights into the
effectiveness of our tools and monetization strategies across the ecosystem.

Higher monetization and more users more users served relevant ads more
likely to download more users download relevant apps more usage and data
better insights and more engagement appdiscovery marketing max monetization
applovin apps & client apps infrastructure app graph axon

Our Strategic Acquisitions and Partnerships

We accelerate our technical capabilities, strategic positioning, and growth
through strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We have
developed a proven and repeatable process for acquiring highly sophisticated
technology that enhances our Platform and for selecting and scaling our Apps
global portfolio. Our business sits at the nexus of the mobile app
ecosystem, which gives us
deep insights into potential acquisitions and partnerships. Additionally, as
a first-hand participant in the mobile app ecosystem, we have developed a
strong relationship with other participants, allowing us to more easily
identify and enter into
partnerships or acquire companies and technologies. Our acquisitions and
partnerships include investments in software, such as our acquisitions of
MAX and SafeDK, and game studios, such as our acquisition of PeopleFun and
partnership with Belka
Games.

Our unique and active role in the ecosystem allows us to make informed,
data-driven decisions regarding which tools best
address developer pain points. As part of AppLovin, our strategic
acquisitions and partnerships benefit from our software and expertise,
typically achieving step-function improvements in performance. Once we have
acquired or partnered with a studio,
we allow the studio to maintain its creative autonomy and help the studio to
manage its business needs by leveraging all of the tools and capabilities of
our Platform. Given our strategic insights and long-standing relationships
with many game
studios, we are able to identify highly attractive acquisitions and
partnerships. Since the beginning of 2018, we have invested over $1 billion
across 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We estimate that a year
after joining our
portfolio, acquired Apps have increased their quarterly revenue over 100% on
average.

105

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Benefits to Mobile App Developers Our Platform enables
mobile app developers to:
                                                                            
       Reach and attract users at scale. Our Software reaches               
       users per day, enabling developers to target and find the right      
  •    users for their apps worldwide. Developers are able to set their     
       user acquisition and revenue goals to target the most                
       relevant, highest value users.                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Maximize monetization of engagement. Developers use our Software to  
       generate incremental revenue by                                      
  •    maximizing the monetization of their mobile app ad inventory. Our    
       tools operate at nearly instantaneous speeds and at vast scale to    
       enhance monetization for developers while preserving the end user    
       experience.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Leverage proprietary data and insights. Developers benefit from      
       accessing comprehensive real-time                                    
  •    insights through our customized user dashboards, helping them        
       optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their        
       return on investment.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Automate time consuming and manual processes. Our Software           
  •    automates marketing and monetization,                                
       allowing developers to focus on improving their apps rather than     
       managing complex go-to-market processes manually.                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation. Our cloud-based Core        
       Technologies and Software are continuously                           
  •    updated as the mobile app ecosystem evolves. Our developers benefit  
       from this ongoing advancement and optimization, and are able to      
       rapidly adapt to industry changes in marketing and monetization      
       without losing focus on mobile app creation.                         
                                                                            
Our Strengths
                                                                            
       Unique and improving position. Our competitive advantages, overall   
       growth, and strong financial profile                                 
       are a direct result of our integrated portfolio and strategic        
  •    flywheel. We leverage insights across our flywheel to optimize our   
       strategic position and business, in particular with regard to the    
       allocation of development resources and                              
       investments.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Proven and optimized mobile app discovery and monetization           
       technologies. For almost a decade, we have been                      
       improving our Platform. Powered by our AXON machine-learning         
       recommendation engine and our App Graph, we leverage deep insights   
       and technical expertise to create powerful software platforms and a  
  •    significant competitive advantage. It is built using                 
       a scalable, globally distributed framework with an elastic           
       architecture that allows us to rapidly build new technologies and    
       adapt to changing industry demands. We automate marketing and        
       monetization, freeing developers to focus on what they do            
       best—app development.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       An advantaged approach to the mobile apps market. Our Apps leverage  
       the strength of our Platform and                                     
       expertise to achieve strong discovery and monetization, leading to   
  •    a differentiated approach and business model. As part of the         
       AppLovin flywheel, our Apps provide more users and insights for our  
       Platform. This advantaged approach to the mobile apps                
       market provides the opportunity to expand into other mobile app      
       sectors.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Highly accretive approach to strategic acquisitions and              
       partnerships. We have a proven and repeatable                        
       playbook approach to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships.    
  •    Since the beginning of 2018, we have invested over $1 billion        
       across 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app studios,  
       games, and technologies. The mobile app                              
       ecosystem remains highly fragmented and provides an ongoing growth   
       opportunity for us.                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Strong business model drives rapid growth and cash flow. Based on    
       our integrated assets and scale, we have                             
  •    a strong business model that has produced rapid revenue growth and   
       an attractive margin profile. We take a capital-efficient approach   
       to growth, resulting in significant cash flow. We are able to        
       reinvest this cash flow to fuel sustainable growth.                  
                                                                            
106

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       Founder-led business, with a proven and experienced team to          
       execute.                                                             
       Our co-founder and CEO, Adam Foroughi, leads a tenured management    
       team with significant experience in the mobile app industry and      
       scaling successful businesses. We believe the most critical element  
  •    to                                                                   
       our success is our ability to attract and retain the best talent.    
       Our CEO and AppLovin have earned numerous awards, including a Top    
       CEO award from Glassdoor, Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 2018 in  
       Northern California from Ernst & Young,                              
       and multiple “best places to work” awards.                           
                                                                            
Our Strategy for Growth We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our
growth and further enhance our market position in the mobile app ecosystem.
                                                                            
       Existing market expansion. We have an attractive market opportunity  
  •    within our growing mobile app segments                               
       and will continue to invest across our Core Technologies, Software,  
       and Apps to capture this:                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Enhance and extend ML platform technologies. As we increase our      
       scale and reach, we benefit from                                     
  •    compounding improvements to our AXON machine-learning                
       recommendation engine, which in turn improves the efficacy and       
       growth of our Software solutions.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Expand distribution reach and software capabilities. Improvements    
       to AXON and our App                                                  
       Graph help to accelerate AppDiscovery’s growth. We also see an       
  •    opportunity to increase market adoption of our MAX monetization      
       solution, which is relatively new, and build out the distribution    
       reach of our Software by developing direct sales                     
       and partner channels.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Grow AppLovin Apps. We intend to grow our AppLovin Apps portfolio    
  •    by making appropriate user                                           
       acquisition investments, using live-ops to enhance engagement and    
       monetization of our Apps, and launching new titles.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       New market extensions. We believe our technology and expertise are   
  •    applicable to other                                                  
       market segments and geographies that we do not currently address:    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Expand into other mobile app segments and industries. Our long-term  
       objective is to power and                                            
       operate mobile apps across multiple verticals such as e-commerce,    
  •    entertainment, and health and wellness. We believe our deep          
       expertise and capabilities in the complex mobile gaming sector will  
       allow us to successfully apply our technology in other               
       verticals.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Geographic expansion and industry partnerships. We have a large      
       international expansion opportunity given                            
       only           % of our total revenue came from outside of the       
  •    United States in 2020. To expand our reach, we plan to further       
       invest in our sales and marketing to increase penetration among new  
       and                                                                  
       existing clients.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Other performance marketing and yield marketing categories. We       
  •    believe our technology and                                           
       expertise are applicable to other large and growing performance      
       marketing categories beyond mobile apps.                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Pursue accretive strategic acquisitions and partnerships. Given our  
       proven track record, long-standing                                   
       relationships with key industry players, and reputation as a         
  •    partner of choice, we have a deep pipeline of software and app       
       investment opportunities which we will continue to pursue. We have   
       successfully invested over $1 billion across 15                      
       strategic acquisitions and partnerships across app studios, games,   
       and technologies.                                                    
                                                                            
Our Platform and Apps We solve the marketing and monetization challenges
facing mobile app developers through our Platform, which includes our Core
Technologies and Software. Our Platform helps grow the worldwide mobile app
ecosystem by enabling developers to scale their businesses while remaining
focused on 107

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

creating and improving their apps. We scale our own Apps by fully utilizing
our Software and expert insights, while continuously improving our software
for the benefit of all developers.

AppLovin Core Technologies

applovin core technologies axon machine learning app graph flexible, robust,
cloud infrastructure

Our Core Technologies power our client-facing Software and consist of our
AXON machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph, and
a flexible, robust cloud infrastructure. The underlying elastic architecture
is managed through multiple cloud providers and our own co-located data
centers, handling massive amounts of data while remaining
flexible enough to rapidly add new solutions and technology in response to
changing market and customer needs. Our Core Technologies process device-
level data from hundreds of millions of devices. Our App Graph stores and
manages this anonymized
data allowing AXON to then leverage it to better predict and match users to
relevant advertising content. These insights fuel our Software, which better
match users to content and create a more personalized experience.

Our Software also enable real-time auctions that optimize the value for each
impression, while simultaneously enabling developers to
attain an attractive value for each of the impressions from their inventory.
The sum total of these mutually reinforcing software elements has created a
robust and successful marketing and monetization engine that processed over
2.5 petabytes of
data per day on average and up to five trillion events per day in November
2020. Our Core Technologies operate at high scale and speed, processing on
average over 170 billion requests per day in November 2020.

AppLovin Software

applovin software marketing appdiscovery monetization max analytics compass

Our comprehensive Software suite enables app developers to automate their
mobile app marketing, engagement, and monetization efforts in
three core ways. First, we provide marketing technology that allows
developers to reach more of the most suitable users with personalized
content, in order to increase the number of users who download and engage
with their apps. Second, we provide
developers with monetization and analytics technology to maximize the value
of their inventory by obtaining a high price for each impression. Third, we
provide developers a set of capabilities to optimize their apps and help
streamline their
businesses.

Our key Software offerings are AppDiscovery, MAX, and Compass, which is part
of MAX.

108

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 AppDiscovery AppDiscovery is a suite of marketing
solutions that enables developers to automate, optimize, and manage their
marketing efforts. AppDiscovery is powered by machine-learning with
predictive algorithms that enable developers to match their apps to users
that are more likely to download them. This form of personalized advertising
focuses on the end user, enabling the advertisers to find the right users
and delivering to users more of what they are likely to be interested in.
AppDiscovery leverages our AXON machine-learning engine to target the right
users with the right marketing campaign, at scale. Advertisers not only
attract users that download, but also find a high volume of users that stay
and engage with their apps for greater retention and ultimately, increased
opportunities for better monetization. Revenue from AppDiscovery comprises a
vast majority of revenue from our Software. With AppDiscovery, advertisers
can define the framework of their campaigns in the following ways:
                                                                            
       Reach: Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay to acquire  
  •    their target users. Our technology finds the                         
       users at that value who are most likely to download and engage with  
       the app.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Global scale: Advertisers can choose to connect with users in        
  •    different regions around the world, and our                          
       technology suggests the best locations based on their parameters.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Retain and engage: Our algorithms automatically adjust based on the  
       likelihood users will engage. Our clients can                        
  •    analyze by retention periods from initial app download onwards, so   
       that advertisers understand the effectiveness of their marketing     
       investments.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Targeted  returns: Advertisers set their goals and target return on  
  •    ad sales and our algorithms adjust                                   
       cost and campaign specifics to meet them.                            
                                                                            
AppDiscovery includes the following features:
                                                                            
       Advanced campaign management: An interface to create, manage, and    
  •    automatically optimize campaigns based on                            
       return on ad sales goals.                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Real-time analytics: An interface to see results and optimize        
       against them with our ROI-based analytics environment.               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Life-Time-Value (LTV) reporting: A tool that breaks down campaign    
  •    results by source and location, allowing                             
       advertisers to make real-time, informed decisions about the value    
       and longevity of their campaigns.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       High quality and quantity creatives: Advertisers can make and test   
  •    as many creatives as needed. They also have                          
       access to our in-house creative team for expert ad creation and      
       testing strategies.                                                  
                                                                            
MAX MAX is a suite of monetization solutions thatoptimize the value of a
developer’s traffic by running a single unbiased auction in which
advertisers bid simultaneously, driving more competition and higher prices
for publishers. MAX auctions are more effective than historical tools and
approaches because MAX yields more targeted users for advertisers and
enables publishers to achieve better prices for each impression. MAX has
become the preferred in-appbidding solution for many developers worldwide,
helping drive meaningful growth and momentum for MAX. MAX includes the
following features:
                                                                            
       Advanced in-app bidding technology: MAX’s competitive auctions       
  •    happen in real time with the most bidding platforms in the industry  
       bidding simultaneously for developers’ inventory at                  
                                                                            
109

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                    
  high volume. The competitive global demand helps  
  maximize average revenue per user on each         
  impression with many developers experiencing a    
  measurable increase when moving to MAX.           
                                                    
                                                                            
  •    Automated monetization: MAX saves developers time through its        
       extensive suite of APIs for automation.                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Ad quality assurance and review: MAX drives superior user            
  •    experience with exclusive features that automatically                
       flag risky content to keep developers’ brands safe.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Powerful insights: MAX helps developers better understand the LTV    
  •    for each user and increase revenue to maximize                       
       yield for each ad opportunity.                                       
                                                                            
Compass The Compass Analytics tool within MAX provides insights to manage
against key performance indicators, understand the long-term value of users,
and help manage profitability. Through advanced reporting and profitability
analysis, Compass allows developers to measure their performance
holistically: moving from traditional campaign-level reports to lifetime
user performance reporting, and from single app insights to reporting across
revenue streams. AppLovin Apps applovin apps final fantasy xv word bingo
Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 200
free-to-playmobile games across eight genres, run by twelve studios with a
deep bench of talented developers. Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios
have developed and published more than 200 games across a number of genres
including: casual, hypercasual, action, card/casino, puzzle, match-three,
massive multiplayer (MMO), and player versus player (PvP). Within our Apps,
no single game contributed more than % of revenue in 2020. Our Apps
contribute a highly predictable and diversified stream of revenue which we
leverage to invest into acquiring more users and driving continued growth. A
diverse portfolio allows us to reach multiple user demographics and
diversify our mobile game development across many different genres. We have
a broad audience on our Apps and this allows our Software to connect users
to a wide range of content. Today, a large segment of our portfolio is
casual games which have a lower risk of development and generally have more
predictable revenue streams and return on investments. Casual games can be
played a few minutes at a time and appeal to a wide range of users across
many highly attractive demographics—including women, who are often the main
purchasers for household goods. Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios
leverage live ops to quickly iterate and increase in-gamemonetization by
optimizing app economies and improving in-gameconversion on items and
offers. Our 110

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Software and expertise provide analytical tools,
testing capabilities, and tools for apps like distributed development,
competitive insights, localizations resources, creative services to develop
and test ads and resource centers to access design and development
expertise. We also provide a set of services that help both our Apps and
third-party developers optimize their games and leverage our expertise to
better streamline their business operations. Our Apps are operated by twelve
Owned Studios and Partner Studios located worldwide: Competition We operate
in a fragmented mobile app ecosystem composed of divisions of large, well-
established companies as well as privately-held companies. The large
companies in our ecosystem may play multiple different roles given the
breadth of their businesses.
                                                                            
       Advertisers typically engage with several advertising platforms and  
       networks to purchase advertisements on mobile games                  
       and other mobile apps, looking to optimize their marketing           
  •    investments. Such advertising platform companies vary in size and    
       include players such as Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity          
       Software, as well as various private companies. Several of these     
       platforms, including Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software,   
       are also our partners and clients.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       There are many companies that develop online and mobile games and    
       other mobile apps. The larger gaming companies in our                
       ecosystem include Activision Blizzard, Tencent, and Zynga, as well   
  •    as other public and private companies. Many of these companies are   
       also our partners and clients. We also expect new players to enter   
       the market and existing companies to allocate                        
       more resources to develop and market more mobile games and apps.     
                                                                            
We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are:
                                                                       
  •    the ability to enhance and improve technologies and offerings;  
                                                                       
                                                                          
  •    knowledge, expertise, and experience in the mobile app ecosystem;  
                                                                          
                                                                      
  •    relationships with third parties in the mobile app ecosystem;  
                                                                      
                                                                 
  •    the ability to reach and target a large number of users;  
                                                                 
                                                                       
  •    the ability to identify and execute on strategic transactions;  
                                                                       
                                                                     
  •    the ability to successfully launch and monetize mobile apps;  
                                                                     
                                                      
  •    the pricing and perceived value of offerings;  
                                                      
111

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                  
  •    brand and reputation; and  
                                  
                                                              
  •    ability to expand into new offerings and geographies.  
                                                              
We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. Our Values
Our AppLovin Values capture our company’s culture and guide our approach on
how we build and grow our business with all stakeholders: We seek
excellence, together.We know that our customers trust us to deliver
immersive experiences and best-in-classtools. We take this very seriously,
challenging one another to always do better. We are our toughest critics and
most loyal fans. While we value individual initiative, we collaborate to
drive forward as one team. We are tenacious, move fast, and deliver.We move
quickly and intentionally. Together we set a fast pace with high
expectations, and then move beyond. We leverage all of our resources so we
do not miss opportunities and find ways to deliver exceptional solutions. We
operate with integrity and intellectual honesty.We may move quickly and
deliver, but we do it the right way. We do what is fair and operate with
integrity because that is always the best course for customers, partners and
all other stakeholders. We foster entrepreneurship to challenge what is
next.Taking risks and embracing challenges are part of our DNA. We empower
our employees to try new things, question others, and innovate. This opens
doors to new opportunities, which leads to more successful outcomes. We
excel through our culture of equality.Diversity and inclusion are principles
that guide how we build our teams, grow our employees, and develop our
company. We celebrate different approaches, points of view, and our diverse
voices. It connects us with the players, developers, and global communities
we serve. Our employees are a key reason for our success and are essential
for our continued growth. We benefit from a distributed global workforce and
we plan to continue investing in hiring employees in our many locations
worldwide. Our culture, industry success, and competitive compensation
enable us to successfully retain our employees and to effectively recruit
and retain new talent. We have been awarded multiple “best places to work”
awards and our CEO was recognized as a Top CEO by Glassdoor and Entrepreneur
of the Year in Northern California by Ernst & Young in 2019 and 2018,
respectively. Research and Development Continued investment in research and
development is important to advancing our Core Technologies, Software, and
Apps. These advancements are key to attaining our strategic objectives and
meeting the evolving needs of our customers. The underlying elastic
architecture of our Core Technologies allows us to create, test, and deploy
new features rapidly while distributing them globally. We also continue to
invest in new and existing Apps. Our research and development team is
working on cutting edge technologies, which allows us to attract top talent
globally. As of December 31, 2020, we had approximately 571 employees, or
63% of our total headcount, involved in research and development and related
activities. Our research and development organization is based in Palo Alto,
California with additional resources around the world. 112

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Intellectual Property

Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual
property rights with respect to our Core Technologies, Software,
and Apps, and to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise
violating valid and enforceable third-party intellectual property. We seek
to accomplish that objective by establishing intellectual property rights in
and protecting those
assets through a combination of patents, patent applications, registered and
unregistered trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements,
confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties,
and other contractual measures. Though we rely in part upon these legal and
contractual protections, we believe
that factors, such as our unique position in the mobile app ecosystem and as
one of the largest mobile game publishers, our flywheel advantage, our
expertise and determination of our employees, and the functionality and
flexibility of our Platform
in an ever-evolving industry, are also key contributors to our success.

As of December 31, 2020, we owned the following
patents related to the business: 64 issued U.S. patents, 18 U.S. patent
applications, 28 non-U.S. issued patents, and 37 non-U.S. pending patent
applications. Our
issued U.S. patents, and any patents that may issue from our pending
applications, are scheduled to expire at dates ranging between 2022 and
2039, excluding any additional term for patent term adjustments or
extensions. In addition, as of
December 31, 2020, we owned the following trademarks related to the
business: 40 registered trademarks in the United States, 21 pending
trademark applications in the United States, as well as 443 registered
trademarks in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 78 pending trademark applications
in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Finally, we have registered domain names
for websites that
we use in our business, such as www.applovin.com.

We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the
extent we
believe it would advance our business objectives and maintain our
competitive position. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no
assurance that we will adequately protect our intellectual property or that
it will provide any competitive
advantage. We take steps to protect our proprietary information, in part, by
entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants,
developers, and vendors, and generally limiting access to and distribution
of our proprietary
information. However, we cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will
prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to
protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt
to copy aspects of our
Core Technologies, Software, or Apps or obtain and use information that we
regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights
is difficult and time consuming. Further, our intellectual property rights
may be invalidated,
circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries
do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the
United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as
diligently as government
agencies and private parties in the United States. See the section titled
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property” for more information
regarding risks related to intellectual property.

Employees and Additional Team Members

As
of December 31, 2020, we had a total of 902 full-time employees located in
eight countries. As a result of our 15 strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, we also have access to approximately 1100 additional team
members, approximately 71%
of whom are research and development resources and all of whom are located
outside of the United States. Our geographic diversification enhances our
ability to retain and attract highly skilled talent as well as manage our
headcount
costs. As of December 31, 2020, approximately 23% of our full-time employees
were located outside of the United States. None of our employees are
represented by a labor union. In certain countries in which we operate,
we are subject to, and comply with, local labor law requirements, which may
automatically make our employees subject to industry-wide collective
bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we
consider our relations with our
employees to be good. We

113

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

work to identify, attract, and retain employees who are aligned with and
will help us progress towards our mission, and we seek to provide
competitive cash and equity compensation.

Compliance with Government Regulation

We are
subject to various federal, state, and international laws and regulations
that affect companies conducting business on mobile platforms, including
those relating to privacy, data protection, and the use and protection of
data from employees, users
and others (including minors), the internet, behavioral advertising, mobile
apps, content, advertising and marketing activities, sweepstakes and
giveaways, and anti-corruption. Additional laws and regulations relating to
these areas likely will be
passed in the future, and these or existing laws and regulations may be
interpreted or enforced in new or expanded manners, each of which could
result in significant limitations on ways we can collect and process data of
users, employees and others,
communicate with users, and operate our business. New and evolving laws and
regulations, and changes in their enforcement and interpretation, may
require changes to our Platform, Apps, or business practices, and may
significantly increase our
compliance costs and otherwise adversely affect our business and results of
operations. As our business expands to include additional Software and Apps,
and our operations continue to expand internationally, our compliance
requirements and costs may
increase and we may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny.

Data Privacy and Security Laws

The data we collect and otherwise process is integral to our Platform and
Apps, providing us with insights to improve our developer
tools, to optimize app discovery and monetization and to improve our Apps.
Our collection, use, receipt, and other processing of data in our business
subjects us to numerous U.S. state and federal laws and regulations, and
foreign laws and
regulations, addressing privacy, data protection and the collection,
storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure, protection and processing of
certain types of data. Such regulations include, for example, the European
Union General Data Protection
Regulation, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Section 5(a) of
the Federal Trade Commission Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act.
We work to comply with, and to help allow developers and ecosystem partners
to comply
with, applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection
and information security. This helps underpin our strategy of building trust
and providing a strong experience to ecosystem partners and clients. See the
section titled
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We are subject to laws and
regulations concerning privacy, information security, data protection,
consumer protection, and protection of minors, and these laws and
regulations are
continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations” for additional information about our
approach to laws and
regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security.

Facilities

Our corporate headquarters is in Palo Alto, California, where we currently
lease approximately 72,812 square feet under a lease agreement
that expires in March 2027. We also lease and license facilities in the
United States in Carlsbad, San Francisco, San Jose, and Santa Clara,
California; Las Vegas, Nevada; Secaucus, New Jersey; and Richardson, Texas;
and internationally in Toronto,
Canada; Beijing and Shanghai, China; Limassol, Cyprus; Prague, Czech
Republic; Berlin, Germany; Dublin, Ireland; Herzliya, Israel; Tokyo, Japan;
and Seoul, South Korea.

We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current needs.
However, we intend to expand our facilities and add new
facilities as we add employees and enter new geographic markets,

114

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

and we believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be
available as needed to accommodate any such growth. We expect to incur
additional expenses in connection with such new or
expanded facilities.

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that
arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as
governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In
addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims against us in
the form of letters and other communications. We are not currently a party
to any legal proceedings that,
if determined adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and
our business partners and to
determine the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary
rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current
or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of
the outcome,
litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and
settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors.

115

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors The
following table provides information regarding our executive officers and
directors as of , 2020:
                                                                            
  Name                       Age    Position(s)                             
  Executive Officers:                                                       
  Adam Foroughi               40    Chief Executive Officer and Director    
  Herald Chen                 50    President, Chief Financial Officer,     
                                    and Director                            
  Katie Jansen                41    Chief Marketing Officer                 
  Vasily (Basil) Shikin       35    Chief Technology Officer                
  Victoria Valenzuela         47    Chief Legal Officer and Corporate       
                                    Secretary                               
  Non-Employee Directors:                                                   
  Craig Billings              47    Director                                
  Margaret Georgiadis         57    Director                                
  Edward Oberwager            36    Director                                
  Cathy Sun                   31    Director                                
  Eduardo Vivas               35    Director                                
                                                                            
Executive Officers Adam Foroughi .Mr. Foroughi is one of our co-foundersand
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of
directors since December 2011. He previously co-foundedtwo advertising
technology companies, Lifestreet Media Inc. and Social Hour Inc. Mr.
Foroughi holds a B.A. in Business Administration from the University of
California, Berkeley. Mr. Foroughi was selected to serve on our board of
directors because of the perspective and experience he brings as our Chief
Executive Officer and co-founder. Herald Chen .Mr. Chen has served as our
President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2019 and as a member of
our board of directors since August 2018. Prior to joining us, he served as
the head of Technology, Media and Telecom at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.
L.P. (together with its affiliates, KKR), an investment firm that manages
multiple alternative asset classes, from 2007 to 2019, having previously
worked for the firm from 1995 to 1997. He also currently serves on the board
of directors of GoDaddy, Inc., a domain name registrar company, and several
privately-held companies. Mr. Chen holds a B.S. in Economics (Finance) and a
B.S.E. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and an
M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Chen
was selected to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive
operating and management experience, his knowledge of technology companies
and his experience serving on the boards of directors of other public and
private technology companies. Katie Jansen .Ms. Jansen has served as our
Chief Marketing Officer since October 2012. Prior to joining us, she served
as Vice President of Marketing, Marketing Director at PlayFirst, Inc., a
publisher of casual games, from October 2009 to March 2012. She holds a B.S.
in Psychology from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo
and an M.B.A. from San Francisco State University. 116

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Vasily (Basil) Shikin. Mr. Shikin has served as our Chief Technology
Officer since January 2020 and prior to that served as our Vice President of
Engineering since January 2012. Prior to joining us, from May 2008 to
January 2012, he served as Senior Software Engineer at DeviceAnywhere, Inc.,
a cloud-based platform
for testing and monitoring mobile websites and applications acquired by
Keynote Systems, Inc. Mr. Shikin holds a Masters in Mathematics from Saint-
Petersburg State University.

Victoria Valenzuela.Ms. Valenzuela has served as our Chief Legal Officer and
Corporate Secretary since May 2020.
Ms. Valenzuela joined us through our acquisition of Machine Zone where she
served as Chief Legal Officer from January 2015 to April 2020. From May 2004
to December 2014, she served as General Counsel, Vice President, Legal
Affairs, and
Corporate Secretary of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, a semiconductor
company acquired by Infineon Technologies AG. Prior to Cypress
Semiconductor, she was a corporate and technology attorney with Brobeck,
Phleger & Harrison, LLP and
Clifford Chance LLP. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from California
State University, Fullerton and a J.D. from Stanford University Law School.

Non-EmployeeDirectors

Craig Billings. Mr. Billings has served as a member of our board of
directors since December 2020. Mr. Billings has
served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since March 2017 and as
President since May 2019 at Wynn Resorts, Limited, a developer and operator
of hotels and casinos. He has also served as a Non-Executive
Director of Wynn Macau, Limited, a majority owned subsidiary of Wynn Resorts
since August 2018. From December 2015 to January 2018, Mr. Billings served
as Non-Executive Chairman of NYX Gaming Ltd., a
developer of digital gaming systems which was acquired by Scientific Games
Corporation in January 2018. Mr. Billings has been a Certified Public
Accountant since 1999. He holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the
University of Nevada,
Las Vegas and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School.

Mr. Billings was selected to serve on our board of directors because of
his significant operational experience as an executive and his financial
expertise.

Margaret Georgiadis. Ms. Georgiadis
has served as a member of our board of directors since January 2021. Ms.
Georgiadis served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ancestry, a
global family history and consumer genomics company, from May 2018 to
December 2020. From February
2017 to May 2018, she served as Chief Executive Officer of Mattel, Inc., a
global children’s entertainment company specializing in toys and consumer
products. She also has served as President, Americas, from 2011 to 2017 and
Vice President,
Global Sales Operations, from 2009 to 2011, at Google Inc., a global
technology company. She currently serves on the board of directors of
McDonald’s Corporation and several private companies, and previously served
on the board of directors of
Amyris, Inc. and Mattel, Inc. She holds an A.B. from Harvard College and an
M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

Ms. Georgiadis was selected to serve on our board of directors because of
her significant operational experience, her experience
serving on the boards of directors of other public companies, and her
financial expertise.

Edward Oberwager.Mr. Oberwager has served as a member of our board of
directors since November 2019. He joined KKR in 2008 where he is a Managing
Director, Private Equity. Mr. Oberwager currently serves on the board of
directors of several
privately-held companies. Mr. Oberwager holds a B.A. in Classics from
Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

Mr. Oberwager was selected to serve on our board of directors because of his
extensive experience as an investment professional and
his experience serving on the boards of directors of other technology
companies.

117

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Cathy Sun .Ms. Sun has served as a member of our board
of directors since November 2019. She has also served on the board of
Internet Brands, a new media company, since March 2020. She joined KKR in
September 2016 where she is a Director. From August 2014 to August 2016, she
was a member of the investing team at TPG Capital, a private equity firm.
She holds a B.A. in Economics from Harvard University. Ms. Sun was selected
to serve on our board of directors because of her experience and perspective
as an investment professional in the technology industry. Eduardo Vivas .Mr.
Vivas has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2018. He
has served as Chief Executive Officer at Deal.com, Inc. (d/b/a Curated.com),
an online outdoor sports retailer he co-founded,since August 2017. From
March 2014 to April 2017, Mr. Vivas served as Head of Product, Talent
Solutions at LinkedIn Corporation, a business and employment-oriented online
service. He joined LinkedIn through its acquisition of Bright.com, an
employment website company he co-foundedand served as Chief Product Officer
from October 2011 to February 2014. Mr. Vivas was selected to serve on our
board of directors because of his significant operational experience as an
executive with technology companies. Family Relationships There are no
family relationships among any of our executive officers or directors. Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics Our board of directors will adopt, effective
prior to the completion of this offering, a code of business conduct and
ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors,
including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other
executive and senior financial officers. The full text of our code of
business conduct and ethics will be posted on the investor relations page on
our website. We intend to disclose any amendments to our code of business
conduct and ethics, or waivers of its requirements, on our website or in
filings under the Exchange Act. Board of Directors Our business and affairs
are managed under the direction of our board of directors. Our board of
directors currently consists of seven directors. Pursuant to our current
certificate of incorporation and voting agreement, our current directors
were elected as follows:
                                                                            
  •    Messrs. Foroughi, Chen, Billings, and Vivas were elected as the      
       designees nominated by holders of our common stock; and              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Mr. Oberwager and Ms. Sun were elected as the designees nominated    
  •    by holders of our Series A convertible                               
       preferred stock.                                                     
                                                                            
Our voting agreement will terminate and the provisions of our current
certificate of incorporation by which our directors were elected will be
amended and restated in connection with this offering. Pursuant to the terms
of such agreement, we will enter into an agreement with an affiliate of KKR
prior to the completion of this offering in which we will agree to use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause one person designated by such
entity to serve on and be elected to our board of directors. After this
offering, the number of directors will be fixed by our board of directors,
subject to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws that will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering. Each of our current
directors will continue to serve as a director until the election and
qualification of their successor, or until their earlier death, resignation,
or removal. 118

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Classified Board of Directors We will adopt an amended
and restated certificate of incorporation that will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, immediately after
the completion of this offering, our board of directors will be divided into
three classes with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors
will be elected at each annual meeting of stockholders, with the other
classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms.
Our current directors will be divided among the three classes as follows:
                                                                         
  •    the Class I directors will be           , and their terms will    
       expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2022;  
                                                                         
                                                                            
       the Class II directors will be           , and their terms will      
  •    expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2023;     
       and                                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                         
  •    the Class III directors will be           , and their terms will  
       expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024.  
                                                                         
Each director’s term will continue until the election and qualification of
their successor, or their earlier death, resignation or removal. Any
increase or decrease in the number of directors will be distributed among
the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of
one-thirdof our directors. This classification of our board of directors may
have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control of our company.
Director Independence Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the
independence of each director. Based on information provided by each
director concerning their background, employment and affiliations, our board
of directors has determined that do not have a relationship that would
interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is
“independent” as that term is defined under the listing standards of the
Nasdaq Global Select Market. In making these determinations, our board of
directors considered the current and prior relationships that each non-
employeedirector has with our company and all other facts and circumstances
our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence,
including the beneficial ownership of our capital stock by each non-
employeedirector, and the transactions involving them described in the
section titled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” Lead
Independent Director Our board of directors will adopt, effective prior to
the completion of this offering, corporate governance guidelines that
provide that one of our independent directors will serve as our lead
independent director. Our board of directors will appoint to serve as our
lead independent director. As lead independent director, will preside over
periodic meetings of our independent directors, serve as a liaison between
the chairperson of our board of directors and the independent directors and
perform such additional duties as our board of directors may otherwise
determine and delegate. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of
directors will establish an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a
nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition and
responsibilities of each of the committees of our board of directors is
described below. Members will serve on these committees until their
resignation or until as otherwise determined by our board of directors. 119

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Audit Committee Following the completion of this
offering, our audit committee will consist of , with serving as Chairperson,
and each of whom will meet the requirements for independence under the
listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market and SEC rules and
regulations. Each member of our audit committee will also meet the financial
literacy and sophistication requirements of the listing standards of the
Nasdaq Global Select Market. In addition, our board of directors has
determined that is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of
Item 407(d) of Regulation S-Kunder the Securities Act. Following the
completion of this offering, our audit committee will, among other things:
                                                                            
  •    select a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered       
       public accounting firm to audit our financial statements;            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    help to ensure the independence and performance of the independent   
       registered public accounting firm;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       discuss the scope and results of the audit with the independent      
  •    registered public accounting firm, and review, with                  
       management and the independent registered public accounting firm,    
       our interim and year-end results of operations;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    develop procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously      
       about questionable accounting or audit matters;                      
                                                                            
                                                                    
  •    review our policies on risk assessment and risk management;  
                                                                    
                                               
  •    review related party transactions; and  
                                               
                                                                            
       approve or, as required, pre-approve, all audit and all permissible  
  •    non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be  
       performed by the independent registered public accounting firm.      
                                                                            
Our audit committee will operate under a written charter, to be effective
prior to the completion of this offering, that satisfies the applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq
Global Select Market. Compensation Committee Following the completion of
this offering, our compensation committee will consist of , with serving as
Chairperson, and each of whom will meet the requirements for independence
under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Each member
of our compensation committee will also be a non-employeedirector, as
defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3promulgated under the Exchange Act (Rule
16b-3).Following the completion of this offering, our compensation committee
will, among other things:
                                                                            
       review, approve and determine, or make recommendations to our board  
  •    of directors regarding, the compensation of our                      
       executive officers;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                  
  •    administer our equity compensation plans;  
                                                  
                                                                            
       review and approve and make recommendations to our board of          
  •    directors regarding incentive compensation and equity                
       compensation plans; and                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    establish and review general policies relating to compensation and   
       benefits of our employees.                                           
                                                                            
Our compensation committee will operate under a written charter, to be
effective prior to the completion of this offering, that satisfies the
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of the
Nasdaq Global Select Market. 120

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Following the completion of this offering, our nominating and corporate
governance committee will consist of , with serving as Chairperson, and each
of whom will meet the requirements for independence under the listing
standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Following the completion of
this offering, our nominating and corporate governance committee will, among
other things:
                                                                            
       identify, evaluate and select, or make recommendations to our board  
  •    of directors regarding, nominees for election to our                 
       board of directors and its committees;                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    evaluate the performance of our board of directors and of            
       individual directors;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       consider and make recommendations to our board of directors          
  •    regarding the composition of our board of directors and its          
       committees;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                               
  •    review developments in corporate governance practices;  
                                                               
                                                                            
  •    evaluate the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and      
       reporting; and                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    develop and make recommendations to our board of directors           
       regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters.               
                                                                            
Our nominating and corporate governance committee will operate under a
written charter, to be effective prior to the completion of this offering,
that satisfies the applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Select
Market. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of
the members of our compensation committee is or has been an officer or
employee of our company. None of our executive officers currently serves, or
in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or
compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent
functions) of any entity that has one or more of its executive officers
serving on our board of directors or compensation committee. See the section
titled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” for
information about related party transactions involving members of our
compensation committee or their affiliates. Non-Employee Director
Compensation Our employee directors, Adam Foroughi and Herald Chen, have not
received any compensation for their services as directors for the year ended
December 31, 2020. The compensation received by Adam Foroughi as an employee
is set forth in the section titled “Executive Compensation—2020 Summary
Compensation Table.” Other than Craig Billings, who was granted an option
award under our 2011 Plan in connection with his appointment to our board of
directors in December 2020, our non-employee directors did not receive any
compensation for their service as directors for the year ended December 31,
2020 and did not hold any outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2020.
The following table provides information regarding the compensation of Craig
Billings for service as a director for the year ended December 31, 2020:
                                                    
  Name                     Option        Total ($)  
                    Awards ($)(1)                   
  Craig Billings          227,269  -2      227,269  
                                                    
                                                                            
       The amount reported represents the aggregate grant-date fair value   
  (1)  of the stock option, calculated in accordance with                   
       ASC 718. The assumptions used in calculating the aggregate           
       grant-date fair value of the stock option are set forth in Note      
                                                                            
121

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
  14 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included         
  elsewhere in this prospectus. Note that the amount reported in this       
  column reflects the accounting cost for this stock option and             
  does not correspond to the actual economic value that may be received by  
  Mr. Billings from this stock option.                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       As of December 31, 2020, Mr. Billings had 21,000 shares subject to   
       this stock option award outstanding. This option is                  
       subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately            
       exercisable. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject   
  (2)  to Mr. Billings’ continued role as a service provider to us, as to   
       1/12th of the total shares on January 1, 2021, with                  
       1/12th of the total shares vesting every three months thereafter;    
       provided that 100% any unvested shares covered by the option will    
       vest immediately prior to the closing of an Acquisition or Other     
       Combination (each as defined in our 2011 Plan).                      
                                                                            
On January 15, 2021, Craig Billings received an option to purchase 12,950
shares of our common stock under our 2011 Plan. All of the shares subject to
the option were fully vested on the date of grant and the option was
exercised in full in January 2021. On January 23, 2021, Margaret Georgiadis
received options to purchase a total of 206,000 shares of our common stock
under our 2011 Plan. With respect to 21,000 shares, 1/12th of the shares
will vest, subject to Ms. Georgiadis’s continued role as a service provider
to us, on April 21, 2021 with 1/12th of the shares vesting every three
months thereafter; provided that 100% of any unvested shares covered by the
option will vest immediately prior to the closing of an Acquisition or Other
Combination (each as defined in our 2011 Plan). The options to purchase
185,000 shares were fully vested on the date of grant and such options were
exercised in full in January 2021. Outside Director Compensation Policy
Prior to this offering, we did not have a formal policy with respect to
compensation payable to our non-employee directorsfor service as directors.
We anticipate adopting a formal compensation policy for our non-employee
directorsto provide cash and equity compensation to them following the
completion of this offering. 122

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our named executive officers,
consisting of our principal executive officer and the next two most highly
compensated executive officers, as of December 31, 2020, were:
                                                                            
  •    Adam Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer and member of our board   
       of directors;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                       
  •    Katie Jansen, our Chief Marketing Officer; and  
                                                       
                                                      
  •    Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Legal Officer.  
                                                      
Summary Compensation Table The amounts below represent the compensation
awarded to or earned by or paid to our named executive officers for the year
ended December 31, 2020:
                                                                            
  …                                                 N…        A…            
  …        F…        S…       B…           O…       I…        O…        T…  
  …        Y…        (…       (…           A…       P…        C…        (…  
  …                                        (…       C…        (…            
                                                    (…                      
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —            —        —        9…        4…  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
       2…        4…        —            —        —        9…        4…      
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —           1…       1…        9…        2…  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        2…       6…  -5       4…        —        4…        5…  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant-date fair value   
       of the stock options calculated in accordance with                   
       ASC 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair     
       value of the stock options reported in the Option Awards column are  
  (1)  set forth in Note 14 of the notes to our consolidated financial      
       statements included elsewhere in this                                
       prospectus. Note that the amounts reported in this column reflect    
       the accounting cost for these stock options and do not correspond    
       to the actual economic value that may be received by our named       
       executive officers from the stock options.                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amounts reported represent the amounts earned based upon         
  (2)  achievement of certain performance goals under our                   
       executive bonus program.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (3)  Represents, in each case, amounts paid in connection with 401(k)     
       matching by us.                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (4)  Ms. Valenzuela became our Chief Legal Officer in May 2020 in         
       connection with our acquisition of Machine Zone.                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amount of Ms. Valenzuela’s bonus for 2020 was granted in         
       connection with her employment in May 2020 and                       
       reflects the pro-rated amount of $100,000 for the period of her      
       employment by us in 2020. In connection with Ms. Valenzuela’s        
  (5)  employment, we entered into an agreement for her to participate in   
       our executive bonus program. However, for                            
       2020, we guaranteed the payment of her bonus absent our              
       experiencing unexpected and significantly diminished financial       
       performance.                                                         
                                                                            
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Year-End The following table sets forth
information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive
officers as of December 31, 2020:
                                                                            
                           Number        Number                             
                               of        of                                 
                         Securit…        Securi…                            
                         Underly…        Underl…                            
             Option      Unexerc…        Unexer…         Option             
             Awards       Options        Options       Exercise    Option   
  Name       Grant            (#)        (#)              Price    Expira…  
  Adam       Date(1)     Exercis…        Unexer…         ($)(2)    Date     
  Foroug…    —                  —        —                    —    —        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Katie      11/18/2…      75,000  -3    —          $     19.52    11/17/…  
  Jansen                                                                    
  Victor…    5/19/20…     187,500  -4    —          $      7.45    5/18/2…  
  Valenz…                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Each of the outstanding equity awards listed in the table above was  
       granted pursuant to our 2011 Plan.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This column represents the fair value of a share of our common       
  (2)  stock on the grant date, as determined by our board of               
       directors.                                                           
                                                                            
123

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is         
       immediately exercisable. The shares underlying this stock            
  (3)  option vest, subject to Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service     
       provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on November 13,      
       2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is         
       immediately exercisable. The shares underlying this stock            
  (4)  option vest, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s continued role as a         
       service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on May 19,   
       2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.     
                                                                            
Executive Employment Agreements Prior to the completion of this offering, we
intend to enter into an employment letter setting forth the terms and
conditions of employment for each of our named executive officers as
described below. Adam Foroughi Prior to the completion of this offering, we
intend to enter into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Mr.
Foroughi. The letter agreement is not expected to have a specific term and
will provide that Mr. Foroughi is an at-willemployee. Mr. Foroughi’s current
annual base salary is $400,000. Katie Jansen Prior to the completion of this
offering, we intend to enter into a confirmatory employment letter agreement
with Ms. Jansen. The letter agreement is not expected to have a specific
term and will provide that Ms. Jansen is an at-willemployee. Ms. Jansen’s
current annual base salary is $400,000. Victoria Valenzuela Prior to the
completion of this offering, we intend to enter into a confirmatory
employment letter agreement with Ms. Valenzuela. The letter agreement is not
expected to have a specific term and will provide that Ms. Valenzuela is an
at-willemployee. In connection with Ms. Valenzuela’s employment, we entered
into an agreement with her to pay a $1.0 million cash retention bonus that
is earned once she has been employed with us for one year. Ms. Valenzuela’s
current annual base salary is $400,000. Potential Payments upon Termination
or Change in Control Prior to the completion of this offering, we expect to
adopt arrangements for our executive officers that provide for certain
severance and change in control benefits. Employee Benefit and Stock Plans
2021 Equity Incentive Plan Prior to the completion of this offering, our
board of directors is expected to adopt, and we expect our stockholders to
approve, our 2021 Plan. We expect that our 2021 Plan will be effective on
the business day immediately prior to the effective date of the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Our 2021 Plan will provide
for the grant of incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), to our
employees and any parent and subsidiary companies’ employees, and for the
grant of nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock
units (RSUs), stock appreciation rights (SARs), performance units, and
performance shares to our employees, directors, and consultants and our
parent and subsidiary companies’ employees and consultants. Our board of
directors is expected to approve the termination of our 2011 Plan
immediately prior to the effectiveness of our 2021 Plan with respect to the
grant of future awards. Authorized Shares A total of shares of our common
stock will be reserved for issuance pursuant to our 2021 Plan. In addition,
the shares reserved for issuance under our 2021 Plan also will include (i)
those 124

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 shares reserved but unissued under our 2011 Plan as of
immediately prior to the termination of the 2011 Plan and (ii) any shares
subject to stock options, RSUs, or similar awards granted under our 2011
Plan that, after the date our board of directors approved our 2021 Plan,
expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full, are
tendered to or withheld by us for payment of an exercise price or for
satisfying tax withholding and remittance obligations, or are forfeited to
or repurchased by us due to failure to vest (provided that the maximum
number of shares that may be added to our 2021 Plan pursuant to (i) and (ii)
is shares). The number of shares available for issuance under our 2021 Plan
will also include an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year
beginning on January 1, 2021, equal to the least of:
                
  •    shares;  
                
                                                                            
       percent                                                              
  •    (          %) of the outstanding shares of all classes of our        
       common stock as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal  
       year; or                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    such other amount as our board of directors may determine.  
                                                                   
If an award granted under the 2021 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable
without having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an
exchange program or, with respect to restricted stock, RSUs, performance
units, or performance shares, is forfeited or repurchased due to failure to
vest, then the unpurchased shares (or for awards other than stock options or
SARs, the forfeited or repurchased shares) will become available for future
grant or sale under the 2021 Plan. With respect to SARs, only the net shares
actually issued will cease to be available under the 2021 Plan and all
remaining shares under SARs will remain available for future grant or sale
under the 2021 Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the 2021
Plan under any award will not be returned to the 2021 Plan; provided,
however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of restricted stock, RSUs,
performance shares, or performance units are repurchased or forfeited, such
shares will become available for future grant under the 2021 Plan. Shares
used to pay the exercise price of an award or to satisfy the tax withholding
and remittance obligations related to an award will become available for
future grant or sale under the 2021 Plan. To the extent an award is paid out
in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in a reduction
in the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. Plan
Administration Our board of directors or one or more committees appointed by
our board of directors will administer our 2021 Plan. The compensation
committee of our board of directors is expected to administer our 2021 Plan.
In addition, if we determine it is desirable to qualify transactions under
our 2021 Plan as exempt under Rule 16b-3,such transactions will be
structured with the intent that they satisfy the requirements for exemption
under Rule 16b-3.Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, the
administrator will have the power to administer our 2021 Plan and make all
determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the 2021
Plan, including, but not limited to, the power to determine the fair market
value of our common stock, select the service providers to whom awards may
be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve
forms of award agreements for use under the 2021 Plan, determine the terms
and conditions of awards (including, but not limited to, the exercise price,
the time or times at which the awards may be exercised, any vesting
acceleration or waiver or forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or
limitation regarding any award or the shares relating thereto), construe and
interpret the terms of our 2021 Plan and awards granted under it, prescribe,
amend, and rescind rules, regulations, and sub-plansrelating to our 2021
Plan, and modify or amend each award, including, but not limited to, the
discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period
of awards (provided that no option or stock appreciation right will be
extended past its original maximum term), and to allow a participant to
defer the receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would
otherwise be due to such participant under an award. The 125

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

administrator also will have the authority to allow participants the
opportunity to transfer outstanding awards to a financial institution or
other person or entity selected by the administrator
and to institute an exchange program by which outstanding awards may be
surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type which may
have a higher or lower exercise price and/or different terms, awards of a
different type, and/or cash,
or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is increased or
reduced. The administrator’s decisions, interpretations, and other actions
are final and binding on all participants.

Stock Options

Stock options
may be granted under our 2021 Plan. The exercise price of options granted
under our 2021 Plan must at least be equal to the fair market value of our
common stock on the date of grant. The term of an option may not exceed ten
years. With respect to
any participant who owns more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of
our outstanding stock, the term of an incentive stock option granted to such
participant must not exceed five years and the exercise price must equal at
least 110% of the
fair market value on the grant date. The administrator will determine the
methods of payment of the exercise price of an option, which may include
cash, shares, or other property acceptable to the administrator, as well as
other types of
consideration permitted by applicable law. After the termination of service
of an employee, director, or consultant, he or she may exercise his or her
option for the period of time stated in his or her option agreement. In the
absence of a specified
time in an award agreement, if termination is due to death or disability,
the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain
exercisable for three
months following the termination of service. An option may not be exercised
later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of our 2021
Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of options.

Stock Appreciation Rights

SARs may be granted under our 2021 Plan. SARs allow the recipient to receive
the appreciation in the fair market value of our common
stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. SARs may not have a
term exceeding ten years. After the termination of service of an employee,
director, or consultant, he or she may exercise his or her stock
appreciation right for the period
of time stated in his or her SARs agreement. In the absence of a specified
time in an award agreement, if termination is due to death or disability,
the SARs will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all other cases, in the
absence of a specified
time in an award agreement, the SARs will remain exercisable for three
months following the termination of service. However, in no event may a
stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration of its term.
Subject to the provisions of
our 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of SARs,
including when such rights become exercisable and whether to pay any
increased appreciation in cash or with shares of our common stock, or a
combination thereof, except that the
per share exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the
exercise of a stock appreciation right will be no less than 100% of the fair
market value per share on the date of grant.

Restricted Stock

Restricted
stock may be granted under our 2021 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants
of shares of our common stock that vest in accordance with terms and
conditions established by the administrator. The administrator will
determine the number of shares of
restricted stock granted to any employee, director, or consultant and,
subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, will determine the terms and
conditions of such awards. The administrator may impose whatever conditions
to vesting it determines to
be appropriate (for example, the administrator may set restrictions based on
the achievement of specific performance goals or continued service to us);
provided, however, that the administrator, in its sole discretion, may
accelerate the time at
which any restrictions will lapse or be

126

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

removed. Recipients of restricted stock awards generally will have voting
and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant without regard to
vesting, unless the administrator provides
otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to our
right of repurchase or forfeiture.

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs may be granted under our 2021 Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries
representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share
of our common stock. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, the
administrator determines the terms and conditions of RSUs, including the
vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The administrator may
set vesting criteria based upon
the achievement of company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual
goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service),
applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined
by the administrator in its
discretion. The administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned RSUs
in the form of cash, in shares of our common stock, or in some combination
thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the administrator, in its sole
discretion, may accelerate
the time at which any vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied.
Participants will have no voting rights with respect to RSUs until the date
shares are issued with respect to such RSUs. The administrator may provide
that a participant is
entitled to receive dividend equivalents with respect to the payment of cash
dividends on shares having a record date prior to the date on which the
applicable RSUs are settled or forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Plan.

Performance Units and Performance Shares

Performance units and performance shares may be granted under our 2021 Plan.
Performance units and performance shares are awards that
will result in a payment to a participant only if performance goals
established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest.
The administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting
criteria in its discretion,
which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the
number and/or the value of performance units and performance shares to be
paid out to participants. The administrator may set performance objectives
based on the achievement of
company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but
not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or
state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the administrator in
its discretion. After
the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in
its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance criteria or other
vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares.
Performance units shall have
an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the
grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial value equal to the fair
market value of our common stock on the grant date. The administrator, in
its sole discretion,
may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the form of cash,
in shares, or in some combination thereof. Participants will have no voting
rights with respect to performance units and/or performance shares until the
date shares are
issued with respect to such performance units and/or performance shares. The
administrator may provide that a participation is entitled to receive
dividend equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on shares
having a record date
prior to the date on which the applicable performance shares are settled or
forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Plan.

Non-EmployeeDirectors

Our 2021 Plan will provide that all
non-employee directors will be eligible to receive all types of awards
(except for incentive stock options) under our 2021 Plan. In order to
provide a maximum limit on the awards that can be made to our non-employee
directors, our 2021 Plan provides that in any given fiscal year, a non-
employee director will not be granted awards having a grant-date fair value
greater than
$ , but this limit is increased to $ in connection with his or her initially
joining our board of directors (in each case,
excluding awards granted to him or her as a consultant or employee).

127

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

The grant-date fair values will be determined according to GAAP. The maximum
limits do not reflect the intended size of any potential grants or a
commitment to make grants to our non-employee directors under our 2021 Plan
in the future.

Non-Transferabilityof Awards

Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2021 Plan generally will
not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of
an award may exercise an award during his or her lifetime. If the
administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such
additional terms and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate.

Certain Adjustments

In the
event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution or
enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits available under our 2021
Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may
be delivered under our
2021 Plan and/or the number, class, and price of shares covered by each
outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth in our 2021 Plan.

Dissolution or Liquidation

In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator
will notify participants as soon as practicable and all awards
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
transaction.

Merger or Change in Control

Our 2021 Plan will provide that in the event of our merger with or into
another corporation or entity or a change in control (as defined
in our 2021 Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the
administrator determines, including, without limitation, that (i) awards
will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by
the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the
number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a
participant, that the participant’s awards will terminate upon or
immediately prior to the
consummation of such merger or change in control; (iii) outstanding awards
will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions
applicable to an award will lapse, in whole or in part, prior to or upon
consummation of such
merger or change in control and, to the extent the administrator determines,
terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or
change in control; (iv) (A) the termination of an award in exchange for an
amount of cash
and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of the participant’s rights
as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance
of doubt, if as of
the date of the occurrence of the transaction the administrator determines
in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of
such award or realization of the participant’s rights, then such award may
be terminated by us
without payment), or (B) the replacement of such award with other rights or
property selected by the administrator in its sole discretion; (v) with
respect only to an award (or portion thereof) that is unvested as of
immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger or change in control, the termination of
the award immediately prior to the effective time of the merger or change in
control with such payment to the participant (including no payment) as the
administrator
determines in its discretion; or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. The
administrator will not be obligated to treat all participants, awards, all
awards a participant holds, or all awards of the same type, similarly in the
transaction.

In the event an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or
substituted in the event of a merger or change in control, the
administrator will notify each participant in writing or electronically that

128

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

the option or stock appreciation right, as applicable, will be exercisable
for a period of time determined by the administrator in its sole discretion,
and the option or stock appreciation right,
as applicable, will terminate upon the expiration of such period.

For awards granted to an outside director, in the event of a
change in control, the outside director will fully vest in and have the
right to exercise all of their outstanding options and SARs, all
restrictions on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse and, for awards with
performance-based vesting, unless
specifically provided for in the award agreement, all performance goals or
other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at 100% of target levels and
all other terms and conditions met.

Clawback

Awards will be
subject to any clawback policy of ours, and the administrator also may
specify in an award agreement that the participant’s rights, payments,
and/or benefits with respect to an award will be subject to reduction,
cancellation, forfeiture,
and/or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. Our board
of directors may require a participant to forfeit, return, or reimburse us
all or a portion of the award and/or shares issued under the award, any
amounts paid under the
award, and any payments or proceeds paid or provided upon disposition of the
shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy
or applicable laws.

Amendment and Termination

The administrator will have the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate
our 2021 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing
rights of any participant. Our 2021 Plan will continue in effect until
terminated by the administrator, but (i) no incentive stock options may be
granted after ten years from the date our 2021 Plan was adopted by our board
of directors and
(ii) the annual increase to the number of shares available for issuance
under our 2021 Plan will operate only until the tenth anniversary of the
date our 2021 Plan was adopted by our board of directors.

2011 Equity Incentive Plan

Our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our Amended
and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (our 2011 Plan) in
October 2011. Our 2011 Plan was most recently amended in September 2020. Our
2011 Plan allows for the grant of incentive stock options, within the
meaning of Section 422 of the Code, to employees or ours and of a parent and
subsidiary of ours,
and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, RSUs, SARs, and restricted
stock to employees, officers, directors and consultants of ours or any
parent or subsidiary of ours.

Authorized Shares

Our 2011
Plan will be terminated in connection with this offering, and accordingly,
no shares will be available for issuance under the 2011 Plan following the
completion of this offering. Our 2011 Plan will continue to govern
outstanding awards granted
thereunder. As of December 31, 2019, there were options to purchase
12,635,130 shares of our common stock outstanding at a weighted-average
exercise price of $3.92 per share.

Plan Administration

Our
board of directors or a committee created and appointed by our board of
directors, in either case the administrator, administers our 2011 Plan.
Subject to general purposes, terms and conditions of our 2011 Plan, and to
the direction of our board of
directors, the administrator has full power to implement and carry out our
2011 Plan.

129

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

The administrator may, at any time or from time to time, authorize the
Company, with
the consent of the respective participants, to issue new awards in exchange
for the surrender and cancellation of any or all outstanding awards. Without
prior stockholder approval the administrator may reprice options or SARs
(and where such
repricing is a reduction in the exercise price of outstanding options or
SARs, the consent of the affected participants is not required provided
written notice is provided to them). The administrator may at any time buy
from a participant an award
previously granted with payment in cash, shares (including Restricted Stock)
or other consideration, based on such terms and conditions as the
administrator and the participant may agree.

Eligibility

Employees,
officers, directors and consultants of ours or our parent or subsidiary
companies are eligible to receive awards under our 2011 Plan, except that
only employees of ours or our parent or subsidiary companies are eligible to
receive incentive stock
options.

Options

The
administrator may grant options under our 2011 Plan to eligible persons and
will determine whether such options will be incentive stock options or
nonqualified stock options, the number of shares subject to the option, the
exercise price of the
option, the period during which the option may be exercised, and all other
terms and conditions of the option, subject to our 2011 Plan. Our 2011 Plan
provides that the exercise price of an option is determined by the
administrator when the option
is granted and generally is not less than the fair market value per share,
except that the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a
person who directly or by attribution owns more than 10% of the total
combined voting power of all
classes of stock of ours or any parent or subsidiary of ours, or a 10%
Stockholder, will not be less than one 110% of the fair market value of the
shares on the date of grant. Our 2011 Plan also provides that the term of a
stock option may not
exceed 10 years, and the term of an incentive stock option granted to a 10%
Stockholder may not exceed 5 years. If the employment or service of an
option recipient is terminated for any reason other than cause, then the
recipient (or the
recipient’s legal representative or authorized assignee) generally may
exercise the vested portion of his or her option within 3 months following
the termination date (or such other period determined by the administrator,
provided that such
period extends at least 30 days following the termination date), except that
if the termination is a result of the recipient’s death or recipient dies
within 3 months following his or her termination date, then such period
generally will be 12
months (or such other period determined by the administrator, provided that
such period extends at least 6 months following the termination date),
subject in all cases to the expiration date of the option. The administrator
may modify, extend or
renew outstanding options and authorize the grant of new options in
substitution for outstanding options, provided that any such action may not,
without the written consent of the recipient of an option, impair such
person’s rights under any
option previously granted. Any outstanding incentive stock option that is
modified, extended, renewed or otherwise altered will be treated in
accordance with Section 424(h) of the Code. Subject to our 2011 Plan, the
administrator may reduce the
exercise price of outstanding options without the consent of option
recipients by a written notice to them, except the exercise price may not be
reduced below the fair market value of a share on the date of reduction.

Restricted Stock

A
restricted stock award is an offer by us to sell to an eligible person
shares of our common stock that are subject to certain specified
restrictions. The administrator determines to whom an offer will be made,
the number of shares the person may
purchase, the purchase price, the restrictions to which the shares will be
subject, and all other terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Award,
subject to the terms and conditions of our 2011 Plan. Our 2011 Plan provides
that holders of
restricted stock will be

130

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect
to such restricted stock, unless provided otherwise by the administrator.
Shares of restricted stock that do not vest
are subject to our right of repurchase or forfeiture.

Restricted Stock Units

Our 2011 Plan permits the grant of awards of RSUs, which may be settled in
cash, or by issuance of shares at a date in the future. No
purchase price shall apply to an RSU settled in shares. To the extent
permissible under applicable law, the administrator may permit a participant
to defer payment under an RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned,
provided that the terms of
the RSU and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the
Code (or any successor). Payment may be made in the form of cash or whole
Shares or a combination thereof, all as the administrator determines.

Transferability of Awards

Except as permitted by the administrator, awards granted under our 2011
Plan, and any interest therein, will not be transferable or
assignable by any participant, other than by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution, except that nonstatutory stock options may be transferred
by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in accordance with the
terms of our 2011
Plan.

Certain Adjustments

In the event that the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is
changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization, stock split,
reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification or other
change in our capital structure affecting shares without consideration, then
in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
benefits intended to be
made available under our 2011 Plan (i) the number of shares reserved for
issuance under our 2011 Plan, (ii) the exercise prices of and number of
shares subject to outstanding options and SARs, and (iii) the purchase
prices of and/or
number of shares subject to other outstanding awards will be proportionately
adjusted, subject to any required action by our board of directors or our
stockholders and compliance with applicable securities laws. However,
fractions of a share will
not be issued but will either be paid in cash at the fair market value of
such fraction of a share or will be rounded down to the nearest whole share,
as determined by the administrator.

Corporate Transactions

Our
2011 Plan provides that, in the event that we are subject to an acquisition
or other combination, outstanding awards acquired under our 2011 Plan will
be subject to the agreement evidencing the acquisition or other combination.
The agreement need
not treat all outstanding awards in an identical matter.

Amendment; Termination

Our board of directors may amend, suspend, or terminate our 2011 Plan at any
time, provided that such action will not affect outstanding
awards previously issued or granted without the written consent of the
recipient of such award. As noted above, immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, our 2011 Plan will be terminated and no
further awards will be granted
thereunder. All outstanding awards will continue to be governed by their
existing terms.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Prior to the completion of this offering, our board of directors is expected
to adopt, and our stockholders are expected to approve, our
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (our ESPP). Our ESPP will

131

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 be effective on the business day immediately prior to
the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus
forms a part. However, no offering period or purchase period will begin
unless and until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Authorized
Shares A total of shares of our common stock will be available for sale
under our ESPP. The number of shares of our common stock that will be
available for sale under our ESPP also includes an annual increase on the
first day of each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2022, equal to the
least of:
                
  •    shares;  
                
                                                                            
       percent                                                              
  •    (          %) of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of    
       the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year; or            
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    such other amount as our board of directors may determine.  
                                                                   
Plan Administration Our board of directors, or a committee appointed by our
board of directors, will administer our ESPP, and have full but non-
exclusive authority to interpret the terms of our ESPP and determine
eligibility to participate, subject to the conditions of our ESPP, as
described below. We expect our compensation committee to administer our
ESPP. The administrator will have full and exclusive discretionary authority
to construe, interpret, and apply the terms of the ESPP, to delegate
ministerial duties to any of our employees, to designate separate offerings
under the ESPP, to designate our subsidiaries and affiliates as
participating in the ESPP, to determine eligibility, to adjudicate all
disputed claims filed under the ESPP, and to establish procedures that it
deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the ESPP, including,
but not limited to, adopting such procedures, sub-plans, and appendices to
the ESPP enrollment agreement as are necessary or appropriate to permit
participation in the ESPP by employees who are foreign nationals or employed
outside the U.S. The administrator’s findings, decisions, and determinations
are final and binding on all participants to the full extent permitted by
law. Eligibility Generally, all of our employees will be eligible to
participate if they are customarily employed by us, or any participating
subsidiary, for at least 20 hours per week and more than five months in any
calendar year. The administrator, in its discretion, may, prior to an
enrollment date for all options granted on such enrollment date in an
offering, determine that an employee who (i) has not completed at least two
years of service (or a lesser period of time determined by the
administrator) since his or her last hire date, (ii) customarily works not
more than 20 hours per week (or a lesser period of time determined by the
administrator), (iii) customarily works not more than five months per
calendar year (or a lesser period of time determined by the administrator),
(iv) is a highly compensated employee within the meaning of Section 414(q)
of the Code, or (v) is a highly compensated employee within the meaning of
Section 414(q) of the Code with compensation above a certain level or is an
officer or subject to disclosure requirements under Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act, is or is not eligible to participate in such offering period.
However, an employee may not be granted rights to purchase shares of our
common stock under our ESPP if such employee:
                                                                            
       immediately after the grant would own capital stock possessing 5%    
  •    or more of the total combined voting power or value of               
       all classes of our capital stock; or                                 
                                                                            
132

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
       hold rights to purchase shares of our common stock under all of our  
  •    employee stock purchase plans that accrue at a rate                  
       that exceeds $25,000 worth of shares of our common stock for each    
       calendar year.                                                       
                                                                            
Offering Periods Our ESPP will include a component that allows us to make
offerings intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Code and a component
that allows us to make offerings not intended to qualify under Section 423
of the Code to designated companies, as described in our ESPP. Our ESPP will
provide for consecutive, overlapping -month offering periods. The offering
periods will be scheduled to start on the first trading day on or after and
of each year, except the first offering period will commence on the first
trading day on or after the effective date of the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part and will end on the first trading day on
or before , and the second offering period will commence on the first
trading day on or after . Each offering period will include purchase
periods, which, unless the administrator provides otherwise, will (i)
commence on the first trading day on or after and and (ii) terminate on the
last trading day on or before of the same year and of the following year,
respectively, except that the first purchase period under our ESPP will
commence on the first trading day on or after the effective date of the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and will end on
the last trading day on or before . Contributions Our ESPP will permit
participants to purchase shares of our common stock through contributions
(in the form of payroll deductions or otherwise to the extent permitted by
the administrator) of up to % of their eligible compensation. A participant
may purchase a maximum of shares of our common stock during a purchase
period. Exercise of Purchase Right Amounts contributed and accumulated by
the participant will be used to purchase shares of our common stock at the
end of each -month purchase period. The purchase price of the shares will be
% of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on the first
trading day of the offering period or on the exercise date. If the fair
market value of our common stock on the exercise date is less than the fair
market value on the first trading day of the offering period, participants
will be automatically withdrawn from such offering period immediately
following their purchase of shares of our common stock on the exercise date
and will be automatically re-enrolled in the next offering period.
Participants may end their participation at any time during an offering
period and will be paid their accrued contributions that have not yet been
used to purchase shares of our common stock. Participation ends
automatically upon termination of employment with us. Non-Transferability A
participant may not transfer rights granted under our ESPP (other than by
will, the laws of descent and distribution, or as otherwise provided under
our ESPP). Merger or Change in Control Our ESPP provides that in the event
of a merger or change in control, as defined under our ESPP, a successor
corporation may assume or substitute each outstanding purchase right. If the
successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the outstanding
purchase right, the offering period then in progress will be shortened, and
a new exercise date will be set that will be before the date of the 133

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

proposed merger or change in control. The administrator will notify each
participant that the exercise date has been changed and that the
participant’s option will be exercised automatically
on the new exercise date unless prior to such date the participant has
withdrawn from the offering period.

Amendment; Termination

The administrator will have the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate
our ESPP, except that, subject to certain exceptions described
in our ESPP, no such action may adversely affect any outstanding rights to
purchase shares of our common stock under our ESPP. Our ESPP automatically
will terminate in 2039, unless we terminate it sooner.

Executive Incentive Compensation Plan

The compensation committee of our board of directors intends to adopt an
Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (the Bonus Plan) prior to
the completion of this offering. The Bonus Plan will be administered by a
committee appointed by our board of directors. Unless and until our board of
directors determines otherwise, our compensation committee will be the
administrator of the Bonus
Plan. The Bonus Plan will allow our compensation committee to provide
incentive awards to selected employees, including our named executive
officers, determined by our compensation committee, based upon performance
goals established by our
compensation committee. Our compensation committee, in its sole discretion,
may establish target awards for participants under the Bonus Plan.

Under the Bonus Plan, our compensation committee will determine the
performance goals applicable to awards, which goals may include,
without limitation: attainment of research and development milestones, sales
goals, business divestitures and acquisitions, cash flow, including but not
limited to unlevered free cash flow, cash position, earnings (which may
include any calculation
of earnings, including but not limited to earnings before interest and
taxes, earnings before taxes, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization, and net earnings), earnings per share, net income, net
profit, net sales, operating
cash flow, operating expenses, operating income, operating margin, overhead
or other expense reduction, product defect measures, product release
timelines, productivity, profit, return on assets, return on capital, return
on equity, return on
investment, return on sales, revenue, revenue growth, sales results, sales
growth, stock price, time to market, total stockholder return, working
capital, individual objectives such as peer reviews or other subjective or
objective criteria, and
attainment of specified performance goals. As determined by our compensation
committee, the performance goals may be based on GAAP or non-GAAP results
and any actual results may be adjusted by our
compensation committee for one-time items or unbudgeted or unexpected items
when determining whether the performance goals have been met. The goals may
be on the basis of any factors our compensation
committee determines relevant, and may be on an individual, divisional,
business unit, segment, or company-wide basis. Any criteria used may be
measured on such basis as our compensation committee determines. The
performance goals may differ from
participant to participant and from award to award.

Our compensation committee may, in its sole discretion and at any time,
increase, reduce, or eliminate a participant’s actual award, or increase,
reduce, or eliminate the amount allocated to the bonus pool. The actual
award may be below, at, or above a participant’s target award, in our
compensation
committee’s discretion. Our compensation committee may determine the amount
of any reduction on the basis of such factors as it deems relevant, and it
will not be required to establish any allocation or weighting with respect
to the factors it
considers.

Unless otherwise determined by our compensation committee, to earn an actual
award, a participant must be employed by us
(or an affiliate of us, as applicable) through the date the bonus is paid.
Payment of bonuses occurs as soon as administratively practicable after the
end of the applicable performance period, but no later than the dates set
forth in the Bonus Plan.

134

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

All awards under our Bonus Plan will be subject to reduction, cancellation,
forfeiture,
or recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that we (or any parent
or subsidiary of ours) are required to adopt pursuant to the listing
standards of any national securities exchange or association on which our
securities are listed or as is
otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Act or other applicable laws. In
addition, our compensation committee may impose such other clawback,
recovery, or recoupment provisions with respect to an award under the Bonus
Plan as it determines necessary or
appropriate, including without limitation a reacquisition right in respect
of previously acquired cash, stock, or other property provided with respect
to an award. Recovery of compensation under a clawback policy generally will
not give the
participant the right to resign for “good reason” or “constructive
termination” (or similar term) under any agreement with us or any parent or
subsidiary of ours. Additionally, our compensation committee may specify
when
providing for an award under the Bonus Plan that the participant’s rights,
payments, and benefits with respect to the award will be subject to
reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the occurrence of
specified events, in
addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of
the award.

Our board of directors or our compensation
committee will have the authority to amend or terminate the Bonus Plan
provided such action does not alter or impair the existing rights of any
participant with respect to any earned bonus without the participant’s
consent. The Bonus Plan will
remain in effect until terminated in accordance with the terms of the Bonus
Plan.

401(k) Plan

We maintain a tax-qualified retirement plan that provides eligible U.S.
employees with an
opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis (the 401(k)
Plan). Plan participants are able to defer eligible compensation on a pre-
tax or after tax
(Roth) basis, subject to applicable annual Code limits. The 401(k) plan is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code with the 401(k)
plan’s related trust intended to be tax exempt under Section 501(a) of the
Code. As a
tax-qualified retirement plan, pre-tax contributions to the 401(k) plan and
earnings on those contributions are not taxable to the employees until
distributed from the
401(k) plan, and earnings on Roth contributions are not taxable when
distributed from the 401(k) plan.

135

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
In addition to the compensation arrangements, including employment,
termination of employment and change in control arrangements, discussed in
the sections titled “Management” and “Executive Compensation,” the following
is a description of each transaction since January 1, 2018 and each
currently proposed transaction in which:
                                                 
  •    we have been or are to be a participant;  
                                                 
                                                              
  •    the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000; and  
                                                              
                                                                            
       any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5%  
       of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate                   
  •    family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of       
       these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or          
       indirect material interest.                                          
                                                                            
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Financing In August 2018, we sold
109,090,908 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock to KKR Denali
Holdings, L.P. (KKR Denali) for an aggregate purchase price of
$399,999,996.00. KKR Denali currently holds more than 5% of our outstanding
Class A common stock. Edward Oberwager, a member of our board of directors,
is a Managing Director of KKR and Cathy Sun, a member of our board of
directors, is a Director of KKR. Herald Chen, our President and Chief
Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors, was affiliated
with KKR at the time of this transaction and is a limited partner in KKR
Denali as well as other entities affiliated with KKR. Investors’ Rights
Agreement We are party to our IRA, pursuant to which certain holders of our
capital stock, including KKR Denali, Adam Foroughi and an entity affiliated
with Mr. Foroughi, have the right to demand that we file a registration
statement or request that their shares of our capital stock be covered by a
registration statement that we are otherwise filing. See the section titled
“Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights” for additional
information. Mr. Oberwager and Ms. Sun, members of our board of directors,
are affiliated with KKR and Mr. Chen, our President and Chief Financial
Officer and a member of our board of directors, was previously affiliated
with KKR and is a limited partner in KKR Denali. Adam Foroughi, our Chief
Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors, and an entity
affiliated with him are parties to our IRA. Right of First Refusal Pursuant
to our equity compensation plans and certain agreements with our
stockholders, including a right of first refusal and co-sale agreement,dated
August 15, 2018, with certain holders of our capital stock, we or our
assignees have a right to purchase shares of our capital stock which
stockholders propose to sell to other parties. This right will terminate
upon the completion of this offering. KKR Denali is party to the right of
first refusal and co-sale agreement.Mr. Oberwager and Ms. Sun, members of
our board of directors, are affiliated with KKR and Mr. Chen, our President
and Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors, was
previously affiliated with KKR and is a limited partner in KKR Denali. Mr.
Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of
directors, and an entity affiliated with him are parties to the right of
first refusal and co-sale agreement. Voting Agreement We are a party to a
voting agreement, dated November 12, 2019 (the Prior Voting Agreement) under
which certain holders of our capital stock have agreed to vote their shares
of our capital stock on 136

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 certain matters, including with respect to the
election of directors. The voting agreement will terminate upon the
completion of this offering. Mr. Oberwager and Ms. Sun, members of our board
of directors, are affiliated with KKR and Mr. Chen, our President and Chief
Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors, was previously
affiliated with KKR and is a limited partner in KKR Denali. Mr. Foroughi,
our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors, and an
entity affiliated with him are parties to the Prior Voting Agreement.
Pursuant to the terms of the Prior Voting Agreement, we will enter into an
agreement with KKR Denali prior to the completion of this offering in which
we will agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause one person
designated by KKR Denali to serve on and be elected to the board of
directors. Credit Facility In August 2018, we entered into a credit
agreement, which provided for term loans in an aggregate principal amount of
$820.0 million and a revolving credit facility of $50.0 million. The credit
agreement was amended to increase the principal amount of the term loan by
an aggregate amount of $400.0 million on April 23, 2019 and amended again on
April 27, 2020, May 6, 2020 and October 27, 2020. KKR Capital Markets LLC,
an affiliate of KKR, acted as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner for
the credit agreement. In 2018, 2019 and 2020, we paid $6.5 million, $2.0
million and $1.5 million, respectively, in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC
in connection with the credit agreement. KKR Corporate Lending (CA) LLC, an
affiliate of KKR, has provided revolving credit commitments in the amount of
$15.0 million under our revolving credit facility. See the section titled
“Description of Certain Indebtedness” for additional information. Promissory
Notes with Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth a
summary of promissory notes that we have entered into with certain of our
directors, executive officers, and immediate family members of our directors
and executive officers in consideration of our advancing amounts to pay
applicable income and employment taxes due upon transfer of pledged shares
of common stock. On August 7, 2020, we amended the promissory notes with
Herald Chen, Katie Jansen, Basil Shikin, and Rafael Vivas to lower the
interest rate on the outstanding balance of such notes to the applicable IRS
annual mid-term rate of 0.41%. These promissory notes previously had an
interest rate of 2.59% (except with respect to our promissory note with
Herald Chen, which had an interest rate of 1.59%). These promissory notes
were repaid in .
                                                                            
  Borrower            Date           Principal Amount    Interest Rate (%)  
                                                  ($)                       
  Herald Chen         11/22/2019           12,120,000                 0.41  
  Katie Jansen        3/8/2019                503,000                 0.41  
                      3/8/2019                673,600                 0.41  
                      11/23/2020            1,464,000                 0.39  
  Basil Shikin        3/8/2019                505,200                 0.41  
                      3/8/2019                503,000                 0.41  
  Victoria            7/6/2020              4,863,343                 0.45  
  Valenzuela                                                                
  Rafael Vivas(1)     3/8/2019              2,273,400                 0.41  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Mr. Vivas is the brother of Eduardo Vivas, a member of our board of  
       directors.                                                           
                                                                            
137

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following table sets forth a summary of promissory
notes that we have entered into with certain of our directors and executive
officers as payment for our repurchase of Class A common stock from the
applicable directors and executive officers pursuant to certain stock
repurchase agreements. These promissory notes were repaid in .
                                                                            
                                                                 Number of  
                                  Principal        Interest    Repurchased  
  Seller         Date            Amount ($)        Rate (%)        Class A  
                                                                    Common  
                                                                     Stock  
  Eduardo        12/19/2019       1,212,000            2.00        300,000  
  Vivas                                                                     
  Adam           12/20/2019       9,999,000            2.00      2,475,000  
  Foroughi                                                                  
                                                                            
Relationship with KKR We have utilized and may continue to utilize KKR
and/or its affiliates, including a team of operating professionals who work
exclusively with KKR’s investments professionals and portfolio company
management teams, and paid to KKR fees and expenses of $0.7 million in 2018.
Transactions with Certain Employees The Chairman and former President of our
subsidiary, Lion Studios, LLC, Rafael Vivas, is the brother of Eduardo
Vivas, a member of our board of directors. Rafael Vivas received annual
salary and other cash compensation of $375,000, $500,000, and $266,667 in
2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively, and received a cash bonus of $25,000 in
2020. He also receives benefits consistent with other employees serving in
similar roles. In addition, we granted Rafael Vivas a stock option to
purchase 810,000 shares of our Class A common stock at a purchase price of
$2.806667 per share during the year ended December 31, 2018 and a stock
option to purchase 600,000 shares of our Class A common stock at an exercise
price of $5.05 per share during the year ended December 31, 2019 (such
figures giving effect to the Forward Stock Split). Directed Share Program At
our request, the underwriters have reserved up to % of the shares offered by
this prospectus for sale at the initial public offering price through a
directed share program. The number of shares of common stock available for
sale to the general public will be reduced to the extent that such persons
purchase such reserved shares. Any shares not so purchased will be offered
by the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as the other
shares offered by this prospectus. Other than the underwriting discount
described on the front covered of this prospectus, the underwriters will not
be entitled to any commission with respect to shares of common stock sold
pursuant to the directed share program. Other Transactions We have granted
stock options to our executive officers. See the sections titled “Executive
Compensation—Outstanding Equity Awards at 2019 Year-End”for a description of
these stock options. Other than as described above under this section titled
“Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions,” since January 1,
2018, we have not entered into any transactions, nor are there any currently
proposed transactions, between us and a related party where the amount
involved exceeds, or would exceed, $120,000, and in which any related person
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 138

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of
Officers and Directors We expect to adopt an amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, which will become effective immediately prior
to the completion of this offering, and which will contain provisions that
limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Consequently, our
directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for
monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except
liability for the following:
                                                                            
  •    any breach of their duty of loyalty to our company or our            
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional   
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or      
  •    redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the                        
       Delaware General Corporation Law; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any transaction from which they derived an improper personal         
       benefit.                                                             
                                                                            
Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or
reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission or
claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the
Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further
limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the
personal liability of our directors will be further limited to the greatest
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. In addition, we
expect to adopt amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, and which will provide
that we will indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person
who is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action,
suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that they are or were one of our
directors or officers or is or was serving at our request as a director or
officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws are expected to provide that we
may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person who is or
was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or
proceeding by reason of the fact that they are or were one of our employees
or agents or is or was serving at our request as an employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.
Our amended and restated bylaws will also provide that we must advance
expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director or officer in advance of the
final disposition of any action or proceeding, subject to limited
exceptions. Further, we have entered into or will enter into indemnification
agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that may be
broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained in the
Delaware General Corporation Law. These indemnification agreements require
us, among other things, to indemnify our directors and executive officers
against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service.
These indemnification agreements also require us to advance all expenses
incurred by the directors and executive officers in investigating or
defending any such action, suit or proceeding. We believe that these
agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified individuals to
serve as directors and executive officers. The limitation of liability and
indemnification provisions that are expected to be included in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and
in indemnification agreements that we have entered into or will enter into
with our directors and executive officers may discourage stockholders from
bringing a lawsuit against our directors and executive officers for breach
of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative
litigation against our directors and executive officers, even though an
action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a
stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay
the costs of 139

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

settlement and damage awards against directors and executive officers as
required by these indemnification provisions. At present, we are not aware
of any pending litigation or proceeding
involving any person who is or was one of our directors, officers, employees
or other agents or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise,
for which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened
litigation that may result in claims for indemnification.

We have obtained insurance policies under which, subject to the limitations
of the policies, coverage is provided to our directors and
executive officers against loss arising from claims made by reason of breach
of fiduciary duty or other wrongful acts as a director or executive officer,
including claims relating to public securities matters, and to us with
respect to payments that
may be made by us to these directors and executive officers pursuant to our
indemnification obligations or otherwise as a matter of law.

Certain of our non-employee directors may, through their relationships with
their employers, be
insured or indemnified against certain liabilities incurred in their
capacity as members of our board of directors.

The
underwriting agreement will provide for indemnification by the underwriters
of us and our officers and directors for certain liabilities arising under
the Securities Act or otherwise.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
may be permitted to directors, officers or persons
controlling our company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been
informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore
unenforceable.

Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions

Following the completion of this offering, our audit committee will have the
primary responsibility for reviewing and approving or
disapproving “related party transactions,” which are transactions between us
and related persons in which the aggregate amount involved exceeds or may be
expected to exceed $120,000 and in which a related person has or will have a
direct
or indirect material interest. Upon completion of this offering, our policy
regarding transactions between us and related persons will provide that a
related person is defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for
director or greater than 5%
beneficial owner of our common stock, in each case since the beginning of
the most recently completed year, and any of their immediate family members.
Our audit committee charter that will be in effect upon completion of this
offering will provide
that our audit committee shall review and approve or disapprove any related
party transactions.

140

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth
certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our capital
stock as of , and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our common stock in
this offering assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment
option, for:
                                              
  •    each of our named executive officers;  
                                              
                               
  •    each of our directors;  
                               
                                                                            
  •    all of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5%   
       of the outstanding shares of our common stock.                       
                                                                            
We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the
SEC, and thus it represents sole or shared voting or investment power with
respect to our securities. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our
knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and
sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially
owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. The information
does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other purpose,
including for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Securities Act. We
have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership prior
to this offering on shares of our common stock outstanding as of , which
includes (i) shares of preferred stock that will automatically convert into
shares of common stock immediately prior to the completion of this offering
pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and (ii) (a) shares of Class A common stock and (b) shares of
Class F common stock that will convert into shares of common stock
immediately prior to the completion of this offering. We have based our
calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership after this offering on
shares of our common stock issued by us in our initial public offering and
shares of common stock outstanding immediately after the completion of this
offering, assuming that the underwriters will not exercise their over-
allotment option from us in part or in full. We have deemed shares of our
common stock subject to stock options that are currently exercisable or
exercisable within 60 days of . We did not deem these shares outstanding,
however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. 141

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each
beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Applovin Corporation, 1100
Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.
                                                                            
                              Total Number                                  
                              of Shares       Percentage of Shares          
                              Beneficially    Beneficially Owned            
                              Owned(1)                                      
  Name of Beneficial Owner    Before the      After the                     
                              Offering        Offering                      
  Named Executive Officers                                                  
  and Directors:                                                            
  Adam Foroughi(2)                                                  %    %  
  Katie Jansen(3)                                                           
  Victoria Valenzuela(4)                                                    
  Craig Billings(5)                                                         
  Margaret Georgiadis(6)                                                    
  Edward Oberwager(7)                                                       
  Eduardo Vivas(8)                                                          
  Cathy Sun(9)                                                              
  All executive officers                                                    
  and directors as                                                          
  a group (10 persons)(10)                                                  
  5% Stockholders:                                                          
  KKR Denali Holdings,                                                      
  L.P.(11)                                                                  
  Hontai App Fund Limited                                                   
  Partnership(12)                                                           
  Angel Pride Holdings                                                      
  Limited(13)                                                               
  John Krystynak(14)                                                        
  Andrew Karam(15)                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  *  Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1% of the outstanding     
     shares of our common stock.                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents shares beneficially owned by such individual or entity,   
  (1)  and includes shares held in the beneficial                           
       owner’s name or jointly with others, or in the name of a bank,       
       nominee, or trustee for the beneficial owner’s account.              
                                                                            
          
  (2)  .  
          
          
  (3)  .  
          
          
  (4)  .  
          
          
  (5)  .  
          
          
  (6)  .  
          
          
  (7)  .  
          
          
  (8)  .  
          
          
  (9)  .  
          
           
  (10)  .  
           
           
  (11)  .  
           
           
  (12)  .  
           
           
  (13)  .  
           
           
  (14)  .  
           
        
  (15)  
        
142

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK General The following
description summarizes certain important terms of our capital stock, as they
are expected to be in effect immediately prior to the completion of this
offering. We expect to adopt an amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws that will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, and this description
summarizes the provisions that are expected to be included in such
documents. Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the
information that may be important to you. For a complete description of the
matters set forth in this section titled “Description of Capital Stock,” you
should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
amended and restated bylaws and IRA, which are included as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, and to the
applicable provisions of Delaware law. Immediately following the completion
of this offering, our authorized capital stock will consist of shares of
capital stock, $0.00003 par value per share, of which:
                                               
  •    shares are designated as common stock;  
                                               
                                                      
  •    shares are designated as preferred stock; and  
                                                      
                                                    
  •    shares are designated as acquisition stock.  
                                                    
Assuming the conversion of all outstanding shares of our convertible
preferred stock, Class A common stock and Class F common stock into shares
of our common stock, which will occur immediately prior to the completion of
this offering, as of December 31, 2019, there were 329,248,830 shares of our
common stock outstanding, held by stockholders of record, and no shares of
our preferred stock outstanding. Pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, our board of directors will have the
authority, without stockholder approval except as required by the listing
standards of the Nasdaq Global Select Market, to issue additional shares of
our capital stock. Common Stock Voting Rights Holders of our common stock
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a
vote of stockholders. We have not provided for cumulative voting for the
election of directors in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. Dividend Rights Subject to preferences that may apply to any
shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our common
stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if
our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and
then only at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may
determine. See the section titled “Dividend Policy” for additional
information. No Preemptive or Similar Rights Our common stock is not
entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption
or sinking fund provisions. Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions If we
become subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up,the assets
legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be
distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock 143

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 and any participating preferred stock outstanding at
that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and
liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation
preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Fully
Paid and Non-Assessable In connection with this offering, our legal counsel
will opine that the shares of our common stock to be issued in this offering
will be fully paid and non-assessable. Preferred Stock After the completion
of this offering, no shares of our preferred stock will be outstanding.
Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that will
become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, our
board of directors will have the authority, subject to limitations
prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series,
to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each
series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the
shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or
restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our
stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase or decrease the
number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number
of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or
action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the
issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could
adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our
common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility
in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes,
could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change in control of our company and might adversely affect the
market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the
holders of our common stock. We have no current plan to issue any shares of
preferred stock. Acquisition Stock In connection with our pending
acquisition of Adjust, we expect to issue $352.0 million in acquisition
stock, a convertible security that will automatically convert after the
lapse of thirty trading days following this offering into a number of shares
of our common stock determined by dividing $352.0 million by the preceding
15-day volume-weighted average trading price per share of our common stock.
Holders of our acquisition stock are not entitled to any voting rights.
Assuming the preceding 15-day volume-weighted average trading price per
share of our common stock is $ , which is the midpoint of the estimated
offering price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and the
acquisition stock is converted in full, the acquisition stock would convert
into shares of our common stock. For illustrative purposes only, the table
below shows the number of shares of our common stock that would be issuable
upon conversion of our acquisition stock at various conversion prices:
                                                        
                              Shares of Common Stock    
  Assumed Conversion Price    Issuable Upon Conversion  
                              of Acquisition Stock      
                                                        
144

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Options As of December 31, 2019, we had outstanding
options to purchase an aggregate of 12,635,130 shares of our common stock,
with a weighted-average exercise price of approximately $3.92 per share,
under our 2011 Plan. Common Stock Warrants Subsequent to December 31, 2019,
we granted common stock warrants to purchase 7,424,256 shares of our common
stock, with a weighted-average exercise price of $11.48 per share.
Convertible Security In November 2020, we issued a convertible security in
connection with a strategic partnership with Athena FZE. Such security is
convertible into shares of our common stock starting 61 days following this
offering. The convertible security may be converted, at the option of the
holder, into a number of shares of our Class A Common Stock equal to $40.0
million divided by a conversion price equal to (i) the preceding
20-dayvolume-weighted average trading price per share of Class A Common
Stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. If any portion of the convertible security is
converted by November 12, 2021, we have agreed to redeem in cash such
remaining portion of the convertible security. If the holder does not
convert the entire maximum conversion amount by November 18, 2021, we are
required to redeem the remaining conversion amount for cash. If this
offering does not close on or prior to November 18, 2021, we are required to
redeem the convertible security for $40.0 million in cash. The convertible
security does not entitle the holder to any voting rights or other rights as
a stockholder prior to conversion. Assuming the preceding 20-dayvolume-
weighted average trading price per share of our common stock is $ , which is
the midpoint of the estimated offering price range set forth on the cover
page of this prospectus multiplied by 0.8, and the convertible security is
converted in full, the convertible security would convert into shares of our
common stock. For illustrative purposes only, the table below shows the
number of shares of our common stock that would be issuable upon conversion
of the convertible security at various conversion prices:
                                                        
                              Shares of Common Stock    
  Assumed Conversion Price    Issuable Upon Conversion  
                              of Convertible Security   
                                                        
Registration Rights After the completion of this offering, the holders of up
to shares of our common stock will be entitled to rights with respect to the
registration of their shares under the Securities Act. We refer to such
parties as holders in this subsection. These registration rights are
contained in our IRA. We and certain holders of our capital stock are
parties to our IRA. The registration rights set forth in our IRA shall
terminate upon the earliest to occur of: (i) with respect to any particular
holder, when such holder is able to sell without any restriction on volume
or manner of sale in any three month period all of its shares pursuant to
Rule 144 under the Securities Act or (ii) upon the consummation of a sale of
the company. We will pay the registration expenses (other than underwriting
discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes) of the holders of
the shares registered pursuant to the registrations described below,
including the reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel chosen by the
holders of the shares included in such registrations. In an underwritten
offering, the managing underwriters, if any, have the right, subject to
specified conditions, to limit the number of shares such holders may
include. We expect that our stockholders will waive their rights under our
IRA (i) to receive notice of this offering and (ii) to include their
registrable shares in this offering. 145

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Demand Registration Rights

After the completion of this offering, the holders will be entitled to
certain demand registration rights. At any time beginning 180 days
after the effective date of this offering, the holders of shares then
registrable under our IRA can request that we register the offer and sale of
any of their shares in an underwritten offering, if the anticipated
aggregate offering price, net of
underwriting discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes, would
exceed $50 million. We are obligated to effect only two such registrations.
If we determine that it would be materially detrimental to our stockholders
to effect such a
demand registration, we have the right to defer such registration, not more
than once in any twelve month period, for a period of up to 90 days.
Additionally, we will not be required to effect a demand registration during
the period beginning 60
days prior to our good faith estimate of the date of the filing of, and
ending up to 180 days following the effectiveness of, a registration
statement relating to the public offering of our common stock or if such
holders propose to dispose of
shares that may be immediately registered on Form S-3 as described below.

Piggyback Registration Rights

After the completion of this offering, if we propose to register the offer
and sale of our common stock under the
Securities Act, in connection with the public offering of such common stock
the holders will be entitled to certain “piggyback” registration rights
allowing the holders to include their shares in such registration, subject
to certain
marketing and other limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to
(i) a registration relating to the sale of securities to employees of the
Company or a
subsidiary pursuant to an equity incentive, stock option, stock purchase or
similar plan, (ii) a registration related to any employee benefit plan or a
corporate reorganization or other transaction covered by Rule 145
promulgated under the
Securities Act, (iii) a registration on any registration form which does not
include substantially the same information as would be required to be
included in a registration statement covering the sale of the shares of our
common stock or
(iv) a registration in which the only common stock being registered is
common stock issuable upon conversion of debt securities that are also being
registered, the holders of these shares are entitled to notice of the
registration and have the
right, subject to certain limitations, to include their shares in the
registration.

S-3Registration Rights

The holders will be entitled to certain Form S-3 registration
rights. The holders of these shares can make a request that we register any
of their shares then registrable under our IRA on Form S-3 if we are
qualified to file a registration statement on Form S-3 and if the reasonably
anticipated aggregate gross proceeds of the shares offered would equal or
exceed $10 million. We will not be required to effect a registration on Form
S-3 during the period beginning 30 days prior to our good faith estimate of
the date of the filing of, and ending up to 90 days following the
effectiveness of, a registration statement relating to the public
offering of our common stock. Additionally, we will not be required to
effect more than two registrations on Form S-3 within any 12-month period;
provided, that if at any time we are eligible to file an automatic shelf
registration statement and we do not have an effective automatic shelf
registration statement for the benefit of KKR Denali, this sentence shall
not limit the rights of KKR
Denali to demand the filing of an automatic shelf registration statement.

Anti-Takeover Provisions

Certain provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, which will
become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, which
are summarized below, may have the effect of delaying, deferring or
discouraging another person from acquiring control of us. They are also
designed, in part, to encourage
persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board
of directors. We believe that the

146

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 benefits of increased protection of our potential
ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the
disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation
of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. Delaware
Law We will be governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a public Delaware
corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested
stockholder” for a period of three years after the date of the transaction
in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless:
                                                                            
       the business combination or transaction which resulted in the        
  •    stockholder becoming an interested stockholder was                   
       approved by the board of directors prior to the time that the        
       stockholder became an interested stockholder;                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the           
       stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the                  
       interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of     
       the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced,   
  •    excluding shares owned by directors who are also officers of the     
       corporation and shares owned by employee stock plans                 
       in which employee participants do not have the right to determine    
       confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be       
       tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       at or subsequent to the time the stockholder became an interested    
       stockholder, the business combination was approved by                
       the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special        
  •    meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the      
       affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting    
       stock which is                                                       
       not owned by the interested stockholder.                             
                                                                            
In general, Section 203 defines a “business combination” to include mergers,
asset sales and other transactions resulting in financial benefit to a
stockholder and an “interested stockholder” as a person who, together with
affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years did own, 15% or more
of the corporation’s outstanding voting stock. These provisions may have the
effect of delaying, deferring or preventing changes in control of our
company. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and
Restated Bylaw Provisions Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, which will become
effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, will include
a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or
prevent changes in control of our board of directors or management team,
including the following: Board of Directors Vacancies Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will
authorize only our board of directors to fill vacant directorships,
including newly created seats. In addition, the number of directors
constituting our board of directors will be permitted to be set only by a
resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire board of directors.
These provisions would prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our
board of directors and then gaining control of our board of directors by
filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This will make it
more difficult to change the composition of our board of directors and will
promote continuity of management. 147

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Stockholder Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our
stockholders may not take action by written consent, but may
only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. As a
result, a holder controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be
able to amend our amended and restated bylaws or remove directors without
holding a meeting of our
stockholders called in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws. Our
amended and restated bylaws will further provide that special meetings of
our stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors,
the chairperson of our
board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer or our President, thus
prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions
might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a
proposal or for stockholders
controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including
the removal of directors.

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director
Nominations

Our amended and restated bylaws will provide advance notice procedures for
stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of
stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our
annual meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws will also
specify certain requirements
regarding the form and content of a stockholder’s notice. These provisions
might preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual
meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our
annual meeting of
stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these
provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting
a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or
otherwise
attempting to obtain control of our company.

No Cumulative Voting

The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that stockholders are not
entitled to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a
corporation’s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative
voting.

Amendment of Charter and Bylaws Provisions

Amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will
require the approval of the holders of at least
% of our then outstanding capital stock. Our amended and restated bylaws
will provide that the approval of stockholders holding at least
% of our then outstanding capital stock is required for stockholders to
amend or adopt any provision of our bylaws.

Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock

Our board of directors will have the authority, without further action by
our stockholders, to issue up to
shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences,
including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of
directors. The existence of authorized but
unissued shares of preferred stock would enable our board of directors to
render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by
means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means.

Exclusive Forum

Our amended
and restated bylaws will provide that, unless we consent in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action
asserting a claim
of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or
other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a
claim against the company or any director or officer of the company arising
pursuant to any
provision of the Delaware

148

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

General Corporation Law, (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or
determine the validity of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or
(v) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal
affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court located within the State
of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court’s having jurisdiction over
indispensable
parties named as defendants. Our amended and restated bylaws will also
provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America
will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a course
of action under the Securities
Act. Nothing in our amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that
assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in state or
federal court, subject to applicable law. Any person or entity purchasing or
otherwise acquiring
any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and
consented to these provisions. We note that stockholders cannot waive
compliance (or consent to non-compliance) with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe these
provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, the
provisions may have the
effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

Upon the completion of this offering, the transfer agent and registrar for
our common stock will be Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The
transfer agent and registrar’s address is 250 Royall Street, Canton,
Massachusetts 02021.

Limitations of Liability and Indemnification

See the section titled “Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions—Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of
Officers and Directors.”

Listing

We have applied for the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market under the symbol “APP”.

149

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS

Credit Agreement

General

On August 15, 2018, we entered into a credit agreement with the lenders
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative
agent for the lenders (the Credit Agreement; as amended, the Amended Credit
Agreement), which provided for $820.0 million of senior secured term loans
(the Closing Term Loans) and a $50.0 million senior secured revolving loan
facility. The
Credit Agreement was amended on April 23, 2019 to increase the senior
secured term loan facility by $400.0 million to an aggregate principal
amount of $1.22 billion (together with the Closing Term Loans, the Initial
Term Loans). The Credit
Agreement was further amended on April 27, 2020 to modify certain negative
covenants contained therein. The Credit Agreement was further amended on May
6, 2020 (the Third Amendment) to increase the senior secured term loan
facility by
$300.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.52 billion (the Third
Amendment Term Loans and together with the Initial Term Loans, the Term
Loans). The Credit Agreement was further amended on October 27, 2020 to add
an additional
$541.7 million in aggregate principal amount of revolving commitments and
reduce the existing commitments by $1.7 million, increasing the total
revolving commitments to $590.0 million, reduce the interest rate on the
revolving loans, and extend the
maturity date of the revolving loans. As of October 27, 2020, the aggregate
principal amount of the senior term loan facility under the Amended Credit
Agreement was $1.52 billion and the aggregate principal amount of the
revolving loan
commitments under the Credit Agreement was $590.0 million (the Revolving
Credit Facility). The revolving loan facility has a $50.0 million letter of
credit sublimit.

As of December 31, 2020, our total outstanding indebtedness under the
Amended Credit Agreement was
$ , consisting of $ of outstanding term loans and $ of outstanding
revolving loans.

The Amended Credit Agreement provides us with the right to request
additional commitments for new incremental term
loans and revolving loans, in an aggregate principal amount that can be
incurred without causing (x) if such indebtedness is secured by a lien on an
equal priority basis with the liens securing the obligations under the
Amended Credit Agreement
(1) the consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio,
after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of
proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to exceed 4.50 to 1.00 or (2) if
such indebtedness
is incurred to consummate a permitted acquisition or other permitted
investment, the consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA
ratio, after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the
use of proceeds thereof, on a
pro forma basis, to exceed the greater of (A) 4.50 to 1.00 or (B) the
consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio
immediately prior to the consummation of such permitted acquisition or other
permitted investment;
(y) if such indebtedness is secured by a lien on a junior priority basis
with the liens securing the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement
either (1) (A) the consolidated senior secured debt to consolidated EBITDA
ratio, after giving
effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma basis, to exceed 6.25 to 1.00 or (B) if such
indebtedness is incurred to consummate a permitted acquisition or other
permitted investment, the
consolidated senior secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after giving
effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma basis, to exceed the greater of (I) 6.25 to 1.00 or
(II) the consolidated
senior secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio immediately prior to the
consummation of such permitted acquisition or other permitted investment or
(2) either (A) the fixed charge coverage ratio after giving effect to the
incurrence of such
indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to be
less than 2.00 to 1.00 or (B) if such indebtedness is incurred to consummate
a permitted acquisition or other permitted investment, the fixed charge
coverage ratio, after
giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma basis, to be less than the lesser of

150

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

(I) 2.00 to 1.00 or (II) the fixed charge coverage ratio immediately prior
to the consummation of such permitted acquisition or other permitted
investment; or (z) if such indebtedness
is unsecured either (1) either (A) the consolidated total debt to
consolidated EBITDA ratio, after giving effect to the incurrence of such
indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis to exceed
6.25 to 1.00 or (B) if
such indebtedness is incurred to consummate a permitted acquisition or other
permitted investment, the consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA
ratio, after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the
use of proceeds thereof,
on a pro forma basis, to exceed the greater of (I) 6.25 to 1.00 or (II) the
consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio immediately prior to
the consummation of such permitted acquisition or other permitted investment
or
(2) either (A) the fixed charge coverage ratio after giving effect to the
incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro
forma basis, to be less than 2.00 to 1.00 or (B) if such indebtedness is
incurred to
consummate a permitted acquisition or other permitted investment, the fixed
charge coverage ratio, after giving effect to the incurrence of such
indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to be
less than the lesser of (I)
2.00 to 1.00 or (II) the fixed charge coverage ratio immediately prior to
the consummation of such permitted acquisition or other permitted
investment; plus, the sum of (x) the greater of (i) $180 million and
(ii) consolidated EBITDA on a pro forma basis for the most recently ended
period of four fiscal quarters for which financial statements are available
prior to such date of determination and (y) the aggregate amount of
voluntary prepayments
of loans. Certain debt obligations outside of the Amended Credit Agreement
are counted against the availability amount for incremental loans. Such
incremental loans are uncommitted and subject to certain minimum amount
requirements.

The Revolving Loan Facility will mature on February 15, 2025 and the Term
Loans will mature on August 15, 2025.

Amortization, Interest Rates, and Fees

The Amended Credit Agreement requires equal quarterly repayments of (i) with
respect to the Initial Term Loans, $3.0 million
and (ii) with respect to the Third Amendment Term Loans, 0.25% of the
aggregate principal amount of the Third Amendment Term Loans made on the
effective date of the Third Amendment.

The borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a
floating rate which can be, at our option, either (i) an
adjusted LIBOR rate for a specified interest period plus an applicable
margin of 2.50% (which steps down to 2.25% after the consummation of this
offering) or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of 1.50% (which
steps down to 1.25% after
the consummation of this offering). The applicable margins for LIBOR rate
and base rate borrowings are subject to reductions to 2.25% and 1.25% (2.00%
and 1.00%, after the consummation of this offering), respectively, based on
our consolidated first
lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The LIBOR rate applicable to
the Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a “floor” of 0.00%.

The Initial Term Loans bear interest at a floating rate which can be, at our
option, either (i) an adjusted LIBOR rate for a
specified interest period plus an applicable margin of 3.75% (which steps
down to 3.50% after the consummation of this offering) or (ii) a base rate
plus an applicable margin of 2.75% (which steps down to 2.50% after the
consummation of this
offering). The applicable margins for LIBOR rate and base rate borrowings
are subject to reductions to 3.50% and 2.50% (3.25% and 2.25%, after the
consummation of this offering), respectively, based on our consolidated
first lien secured debt to
consolidated EBITDA ratio. The LIBOR rate applicable to the Initial Term
Loans is subject to a “floor” of 0.00%.

The
Third Amendment Term Loans bear interest at a rate which can be, at our
option, either (i) an adjusted LIBOR rate for a specified interest period
plus an applicable margin of 4.00% (which steps down to 3.75% after the
consummation of this
offering) or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of

151

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 3.00% (which steps down to 2.75% after the
consummation of this offering). The LIBOR rate applicable to the Third
Amendment Term Loans is subject to a “floor” of 0.00%. The base rate for any
day is a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the federal
funds effective rate in effect on such day, plus 0.50%, (ii) the rate of
interest in effect for such day as publicly announced by the administrative
agent as its “prime rate,” and (iii) the adjusted LIBOR rate for a one-month
interestperiod, plus 1.00%. In addition to paying interest on loans
outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loans, we are
required to pay a commitment fee of 0.50% per annum of unused commitments
under the Revolving Credit Facility. The commitment fee is subject to
reductions to 0.375% per annum and 0.25% per annum based on our consolidated
first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. We are also required
to pay letter of credit fees on the maximum amount available to be drawn
under all outstanding letters of credit in an amount equal to the applicable
margin for LIBOR loans under the Revolving Credit Facility on a per annum
basis. We are also required to pay customary fronting fees and other
customary documentary fees in connection with the issuance of letters of
credit. Voluntary Prepayments We are permitted to voluntarily prepay or
repay outstanding loans under the Revolving Credit Facility or Term Loans at
any time, in whole or in part, subject to prior written notice, minimum
amount requirements, and customary “breakage” costs with respect to LIBOR
loans. Amounts prepaid under the Revolving Credit Facility may subsequently
be reborrowed. We are permitted to reduce commitments under the Revolving
Credit Facility at any time, in whole or in part, subject to minimum
amounts. Mandatory Prepayments The Amended Credit Agreement requires us to
prepay, subject to certain exceptions, the Term Loans with:
                                                                            
       100% of net cash proceeds above a threshold amount of certain asset  
       sales, certain debt incurrences and casualty events,                 
       subject to, in the case of asset sales, casualty events, and sale    
       leasebacks, (i) step-downs to (x) 50% if our consolidated first      
  •    lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or       
       equal to 3.50 to 1.00, but greater than 2.50 to                      
       1.00 and (y) 0% if our consolidated first lien secured debt to       
       consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 and  
       (ii) reinvestment rights and certain other exceptions;               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       50% of annual excess cash flow above a threshold amount, subject to  
       (i) a step-down to 25% if our consolidated                           
       first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than    
       or equal to 4.00 to 1.00, but greater than 3.50 to 1.00, and (ii) a  
       step-down to 0% if our first lien net leverage ratio is less than    
       or equal to 3.50 to 1.00; provided that such                         
  •    a prepayment is required only in the amount (if any) by which such   
       prepayment exceeds $10 million in such fiscal year. The amount of    
       excess cash flow is subject to certain deductions and exceptions,    
       including a dollar-for-dollar reduction based on the amount of       
       voluntary prepayments of Term Loans and loans under the Revolving    
       Credit Facility (to the extent accompanied by a permanent            
       commitment reduction); and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                         
  •    100% of the net cash proceeds of certain other debt incurrences.  
                                                                         
Guarantees Subject to certain exceptions, all obligations under the Amended
Credit Agreement, including certain hedging and cash management
arrangements, are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally,
guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of our existing and future
direct and 152

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 indirect subsidiaries (other than unrestricted
subsidiaries, foreign subsidiaries, foreign subsidiary holding companies,
subsidiaries prohibited by applicable law from becoming guarantors,
immaterial subsidiaries, and certain other exempted subsidiaries). Security
Our obligations and the obligations of the guarantors of our obligations
under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by perfected first priority
pledges of and security interests in (i) substantially all of the existing
and future equity interests of our and each guarantor’s subsidiaries,
subject to certain limitations and exceptions and (ii) substantially all of
our and each guarantor’s tangible and intangible assets, in each case,
subject to certain exceptions. Certain Covenants The Amended Credit
Agreement contains a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict,
subject to certain exceptions, our ability and certain of our subsidiaries’
ability to:
                                       
  •    incur additional indebtedness;  
                                       
                               
  •    create or incur liens;  
                               
                                                                            
  •    engage in consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, liquidations,      
       dissolutions or dispositions;                                        
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of assets;  
                                                        
                                                                            
       pay dividends and distributions on, or purchase, redeem, defease,    
  •    or otherwise acquire or retire for value, capital                    
       stock;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    make acquisitions, investments, loans (including guarantees),        
       advances, or capital contributions; and                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    create negative pledges or restrictions on the payment of            
       dividends.                                                           
                                                                            
In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement includes a springing financial
covenant solely with respect to the revolving credit facility which requires
that for so long, as of the last day of the applicable test period, (i) the
aggregate principal amount of all outstanding revolving credit loans plus
(ii) the aggregate principal amount of all undrawn letters of credit in
excess of $15 million then outstanding, exceeds 35.0% of the amount of the
Revolving Credit Facility as of such date (the Revolving Credit Facility
Test Condition), our consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated
EBITDA ratio cannot exceed 6.75 to 1.00, tested quarterly on the last day of
any test period for which the Revolving Credit Facility Test Condition is
applicable. Events of Default The Amended Credit Agreement includes certain
customary events of default, including, among others, failure to pay
principal, interest, or other amounts (subject to grace periods); material
inaccuracy of representations and warranties; violation of covenants;
specified cross-default and cross-acceleration to other material
indebtedness; certain bankruptcy and insolvency events; invalidity of
guarantees or grants of security interest; certain undischarged judgments;
and change of control. Definitive Agreement to Acquire Adjust In February
2021, we signed a share purchase agreement with Adjust to acquire all the
outstanding shares of Adjust for an estimated purchase price of
approximately $1.0 billion, consisting of, among other consideration, the
assumption of up to $40.0 million in the aggregate of debt, accrued
interest, and fees of Adjust, in each case upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the share purchase agreement. See the section titled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Definitive Agreement to Acquire Adjust” for a description of the
share purchase agreement. 153

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this
offering, there has been no public market for our common stock, and we
cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our common
stock or the availability of shares of our common stock for sale will have
on the market price of our common stock prevailing from time to time. Future
sales of our common stock in the public market, or the availability of such
shares for sale in the public market, could adversely affect market prices
prevailing from time to time. As described below, only a limited number of
shares of our common stock will be available for sale shortly after this
offering due to contractual and legal restrictions on resale. Nevertheless,
sales of our common stock in the public market after such restrictions
lapse, or the perception that those sales may occur, could adversely affect
the prevailing market price at such time and our ability to raise equity
capital in the future. Following the completion of this offering, based on
the number of shares of our capital stock outstanding as of December 31,
2020, we will have a total of shares of our common stock outstanding. Of
these outstanding shares, all shares of our common stock sold in this
offering will be freely tradable, except that any shares purchased in this
offering by our affiliates, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the
Securities Act, would only be able to be sold in compliance with the Rule
144 limitations described below. The remaining outstanding shares of our
common stock will be, and shares subject to stock options will be upon
issuance, deemed “restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144 under the
Securities Act. Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only
if they are registered under the Securities Act or if they qualify for an
exemption from registration under Rule 144 or Rule 701 under the Securities
Act, which rules are summarized below. As a result of the lock-upand market
standoff agreements described below and the provisions of our IRA described
in the section titled “Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights,”
and subject to the provisions of Rule 144 or Rule 701, shares of our common
stock will be available for sale in the public market as follows:
                                                                            
       beginning on the date of this prospectus, all            shares of   
  •    our                                                                  
       common stock sold in this offering will be immediately available     
       for sale in the public market; and                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       beginning            days after the date of this prospectus          
       (subject                                                             
       to the terms of the lock-up and market standoff agreements           
  •    described below) all remaining shares will become eligible for sale  
       in the public market, of which                                       
       shares will be held by affiliates and subject to the volume and      
       other restrictions of Rule 144, as described below.                  
                                                                            
Lock-Upand Market Standoff Agreements We and each of our directors, our
executive officers and holders of a substantial majority of all of our
capital stock and securities convertible into our capital stock have entered
or will enter into lock-upagreements with the underwriters prior to the
commencement of this offering pursuant to which each of these persons or
entities, with limited exceptions, for a period of days after the date of
this prospectus, may not, without the prior written consent of Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, (i) offer, pledge,
announce the intention to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or
contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any
option, right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or dispose
of, directly or indirectly, any shares of our common stock or any securities
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our common stock
(including, without limitation, common stock or such other securities which
may be deemed to be beneficially owned by such directors, executive officers
and stockholders in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and
securities which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option or warrant)
or (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or
in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the common stock
or such other securities, whether any such 154

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is
to be settled by delivery of common stock or such other securities, in cash
or otherwise or (iii) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect
to the registration of any shares of our common stock or any security
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our common stock. In
addition, our executive officers, directors and holders of a substantial
majority of all of our capital stock and securities convertible into or
exchangeable for our capital stock have entered into market standoff
agreements with us under which they have agreed that, subject to certain
exceptions, for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus, they
will not, without our prior written consent, dispose of or hedge any shares
or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common
stock. Rule 144 In general, Rule 144 provides that once we have been subject
to the public company reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act for at least 90 days, a person who is not deemed to have
been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time
during the 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the
shares of our common stock proposed to be sold for at least six months is
entitled to sell those shares without complying with the manner of sale,
volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject to compliance
with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has
beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year,
including the holding period of any prior owner other than our affiliates,
then that person would be entitled to sell those shares without complying
with any of the requirements of Rule 144. In general, Rule 144 provides that
our affiliates or persons selling shares of our common stock on behalf of
our affiliates are entitled to sell upon expiration of the market standoff
agreements and lock-upagreements described above, within any three-month
period, a number of shares of our common stock that does not exceed the
greater of:
                                                                            
       1% of the number of shares of our capital stock then outstanding,    
  •    which will equal                                                     
       shares immediately after the completion of this offering; or         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the average weekly trading volume of our common stock during the     
  •    four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on              
       Form 144 with respect to that sale.                                  
                                                                            
Sales of our common stock made in reliance upon Rule 144 by our affiliates
or persons selling shares of our common stock on behalf of our affiliates
are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice
requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.
Rule 701 Rule 701 generally allows a stockholder who purchased shares of our
capital stock pursuant to a written compensatory plan or contract and who is
not deemed to have been an affiliate of our company during the immediately
preceding 90 days to sell these shares in reliance upon Rule 144, but
without being required to comply with the public information, holding
period, volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144. Rule 701 also
permits affiliates of our company to sell their Rule 701 shares under Rule
144 without complying with the holding period requirements of Rule 144. All
holders of Rule 701 shares, however, are required to wait until 90 days
after the date of this prospectus before selling those shares pursuant to
Rule 701. Registration Rights Pursuant to our IRA, after the completion of
this offering, the holders of up to shares of our common stock, or certain
transferees, will be entitled to certain rights with respect to the
registration of 155

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

the offer and sale of those shares under the Securities Act. See the section
titled “Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights” for a description
of these registration
rights. If the offer and sale of these shares of our common stock are
registered, the shares will be freely tradable without restriction under the
Securities Act, subject to the Rule 144 limitations applicable to
affiliates, and a large number of
shares may be sold into the public market.

Registration Statement

We intend to file a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities
Act promptly after
the effectiveness of this offering to register shares of our common stock
subject to options outstanding, as well as reserved for future issuance,
under our equity compensation plans. The registration statement on Form
S-8 is expected to become effective immediately upon filing, and shares of
our common stock covered by the registration statement will then become
eligible for sale in the public market, subject to the
Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates, vesting restrictions and any
applicable market standoff agreements and lock-up agreements. See the
section titled “Executive Compensation—Employee
Benefit and Stock Plans” for a description of our equity compensation plans.

156

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR
NON-U.S.HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK The following is a summary of the
material U.S. federal income tax consequences to “non-U.S.holders” (as
defined below) of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common
stock issued pursuant to this offering. This discussion does not purport to
be a complete analysis of all the potential tax considerations relating
thereto. This summary is based on the provisions of the Code, the Treasury
Regulations promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and judicial
decisions, all as of the date hereof. These authorities are subject to
differing interpretations and may change, possibly retroactively, which may
result in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those set
forth below. We have not requested a ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) with respect to the statements made and the conclusions
reached in the following summary, and there can be no assurance that the IRS
or a court will agree with such statements and conclusions. This summary
does not address the tax considerations arising under the laws of any state,
local or non-U.S.jurisdiction, or under U.S. federal gift and estate tax
laws. In addition, this discussion does not address tax considerations
applicable to a non-U.S.holder’s particular circumstances or non-U.S.holders
that may be subject to special rules under the U.S. federal income tax laws,
including, without limitation:
                                                                            
       banks, insurance companies or other financial institutions (except   
  •    to the extent specifically set forth below),                         
       regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts;     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    persons subject to the alternative minimum tax or Medicare           
       contribution tax on net investment income;                           
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations;  
                                                                
                                                      
  •    pension plans or tax-exempt retirement plans;  
                                                      
                                                                            
       controlled foreign corporations (as defined in Section 957 of the    
  •    Code), passive foreign investment companies (as                      
       defined in Section 1297 of the Code) and corporations that           
       accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax;                
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    brokers or dealers in securities or currencies;  
                                                        
                                                                            
       traders in securities or other persons that elect to use a           
  •    mark-to-market method of accounting for their holdings in our        
       stock;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons that own, or are deemed to own, more than five percent of    
  •    our capital stock (except to the extent specifically                 
       set forth below);                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the   
       United States;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       partnerships, or entities or arrangements treated as partnerships    
  •    for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or other                       
       pass-through entities (and investors therein);                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons who hold our common stock as a position in a hedging         
  •    transaction, “straddle,” “conversion                                 
       transaction” or other risk reduction transaction or integrated       
       investment;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons who hold or receive our common stock pursuant to the         
  •    exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as                
       compensation;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any   
  •    item of gross income with respect to our common stock                
       being taken into account in an “applicable financial statement” (as  
       defined in Section 451(b) of the Code);                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    persons who do not hold our common stock as a capital asset within   
       the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code; or                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    persons deemed to sell our common stock under the constructive sale  
       provisions of the Code.                                              
                                                                            
157

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 In addition, if a partnership or other entity or
arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes
holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership
generally will depend on the status of the partner and on the activities of
the partnership. Accordingly, partnerships, or other entities or
arrangements treated as partnerships, that hold our common stock, and
partners in such partnerships, should consult their own tax advisors
regarding the tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of our
common stock. This discussion is for informational purposes only and is not
tax advice. You are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the
application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to your particular
situation, as well as any tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and
disposition of our common stock arising under the U.S. federal gift or
estate tax laws or under the laws of any U.S. state or local, non-U.S.or
other taxing jurisdiction or under any applicable tax treaty. Non-U.S.Holder
Defined For purposes of this discussion, you are a “non-U.S.holder” if you
are any holder that is not a partnership (or entity or arrangement treated
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and are not, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, any of the following:
                                                                         
  •    an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;  
                                                                         
                                                                            
       a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for      
  •    U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized               
       in the United States or under the laws of the United States, any     
       state thereof or the District of Columbia;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax         
       regardless of its source; or                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a trust (x) whose administration is subject to the primary           
       supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more                
       “United States persons” (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the    
  •    Code) who have the authority to control all substantial decisions    
       of the trust or (y) which has made a valid election to be treated    
       as a U.S. person under the                                           
       applicable Treasury Regulations.                                     
                                                                            
Distributions We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our capital stock
in the foreseeable future. However, if we do make distributions on our
common stock, those payments will constitute dividends for U.S. federal
income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated
earnings and profits, if any, as determined under U.S. federal income tax
principles. To the extent those distributions exceed both our current and
our accumulated earnings and profits, they will constitute a return of
capital and will first reduce your basis in our common stock, but not below
zero, and then will be treated as gain from the sale or other disposition of
property as described below under “—Gain on Disposition of Our Common
Stock.” Except as otherwise described below in the paragraph on effectively
connected income and the sections titled “—Backup Withholding and
Information Reporting” and “—FATCA,” any dividend paid to you generally will
be subject to U.S. withholding tax either at a rate of 30% of the gross
amount of the dividend or such lower rate as may be specified by an
applicable income tax treaty between the U.S. and your country of residence.
If we or another withholding agent over-withhold or if a non-U.S.holder does
not timely provide us with the required documentation, but that qualifies
for a reduced treaty rate, the non-U.S.holder may be entitled to a refund or
credit of any excess tax withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim with
the IRS. In order to receive a reduced treaty rate, you must timely provide
the applicable withholding agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN,IRS Form W-8BEN-Eor
other appropriate version of IRS Form W-8, 158

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 including any required attachments and your taxpayer
identification number, certifying qualification for the reduced rate. In
addition, you will be required to update such forms and certifications from
time to time as required by law. If you are eligible for a reduced rate of
U.S. withholding tax pursuant to an income tax treaty, you may obtain a
refund of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an appropriate claim
for refund with the IRS. If you hold our stock through a financial
institution or other agent acting on your behalf, you will be required to
provide appropriate documentation to the agent, which then will be required
to provide certification to us or our paying agent, either directly or
through other intermediaries. You should consult your tax advisor regarding
entitlement to benefits under any applicable income tax treaties. Dividends
received by you that are effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S.
trade or business (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty,
attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by you in
the United States) are generally exempt from such withholding tax, subject
to the discussions below on backup withholding and FATCA withholding. In
order to obtain this exemption, you must provide us with an IRS Form
W-8ECIor other applicable IRS Form W-8,including any required attachments
and your taxpayer identification number, certifying qualification for the
reduced rate. In addition, you will be required to update such forms and
certifications from time to time as required by law. Such effectively
connected dividends, although not subject to U.S. federal withholding tax,
are includable on your U.S. federal income tax return and taxed to you at
the same graduated rates applicable to U.S. persons, net of certain
deductions and credits. If you are a corporate non-U.S.holder, dividends you
receive that are effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade or
business may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30%, or
such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty
between the United States and your country of residence. You should consult
your tax advisor regarding any applicable tax treaties that may provide for
different rules. Gain on Disposition of Our Common Stock Except as otherwise
described below in the sections titled “—Backup Withholding and Information
Reporting,” and “—FATCA,” a non-U.S.holder generally will not be subject to
U.S. federal income tax on any gain realized on the sale or other
disposition of our common stock unless:
                                                                            
       the gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade  
       or business (and, if required by an applicable                       
  •    income tax treaty, the gain is attributable to a permanent           
       establishment or fixed base maintained by you in the United          
       States);                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       you are a non-resident alien individual who is present in the        
       United States for                                                    
  •    a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the          
       calendar year in which the sale or other disposition occurs and      
       other conditions are met; or                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our common stock constitutes a United States real property interest  
       by reason of our status as a                                         
       “United States real property holding corporation,” or USRPHC, for    
       U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time within the shorter of   
       the five-year period preceding your disposition of, or your holding  
       period for, our common stock,                                        
       and, in the case where shares of our common stock are regularly      
       traded on an established securities market, you own, or are treated  
       as owning, more than 5% of our common stock at any time during the   
  •    foregoing period.                                                    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
In general, a corporation is a USRPHC if the fair market value of its U.S.
real property interests equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of the fair market
value of its worldwide property interests and its other assets used or held
for use in a trade or business (all as determined for U.S. federal income
tax purposes). We believe, and this discussion assumes, that we currently
are not, and will not become, a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
However, because the determination of whether we are a USRPHC depends on the
fair market value of our U.S. real property interests relative to the fair
159

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

market value of our other business assets, there can be no assurance that we
will not become a USRPHC at some point in the future. Even if we become a
USRPHC, however, as long as our common stock
is regularly traded on an established securities market, such common stock
will be treated as U.S. real property interests only if you actually or
constructively hold more than five percent of such regularly traded common
stock at any time during
the shorter of the five-year period preceding your disposition of, or your
holding period for, our common stock.

If you are a non-U.S. holder described in the first bullet above, you will
generally be required to pay tax on the net gain derived from the sale under
regular graduated U.S. federal income tax rates (and a corporate non-U.S.
holder described in the first bullet above also may be subject to the branch
profits tax at a 30% rate), unless otherwise provided by an applicable
income tax treaty between the United States and your
country of residence. If you are a non-U.S. holder described in the second
bullet above, you will generally be required to pay a 30% tax (or such lower
rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty between
the United States and your country of residence) on the gain derived from
the sale or other disposition of our stock, which gain may be offset by
certain U.S. source capital losses (provided you have timely filed U.S.
federal income tax returns with
respect to such losses). You should consult your tax advisor regarding any
applicable income tax treaty that may provide for different rules.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

Generally, we must report annually to the IRS the amount of dividends paid
to you, your name and
address and the amount of tax withheld, if any. A similar report will be
sent to you. Pursuant to applicable income tax treaties or other agreements,
the IRS may make these reports available to tax authorities in your country
of residence.

Payments of dividends or of proceeds on the sale or other disposition of
stock made to you may be subject to information reporting and
backup withholding unless you establish an exemption, for example, by
properly certifying your non-U.S. status on an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form
W-8BEN-E or another appropriate version of IRS Form W-8. Any documentation
provided to an applicable withholding agent may need to be
updated in certain circumstances.

Information reporting and backup withholding generally will apply to the
proceeds of a sale or
other disposition of our common stock by a non-U.S. holder effected by or
through the U.S. office of any broker, U.S. or foreign, unless the holder
certifies its status as a
non-U.S. holder and satisfies certain other requirements, or otherwise
establishes an exemption. Generally, information reporting and backup
withholding will not apply to a payment of the proceeds from a sale
or other disposition of our stock to a non-U.S. holder where the transaction
is effected outside the United States through a foreign broker. However, for
information reporting purposes, sales or other
dispositions effected through a non-U.S. office of a broker with substantial
U.S. ownership or operations generally will be treated in a manner similar
to sales or other dispositions effected through a U.S.
office of a broker. Notwithstanding the foregoing, backup withholding and
information reporting may apply if either we or our paying agent has actual
knowledge, or reason to know, that you are a U.S. person.
Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the
application of the information reporting and backup withholding rules to
them.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the U.S. federal income
tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding
generally will be reduced by the amount withheld. If withholding results in
an overpayment of taxes, a refund or credit may generally be obtained from
the IRS, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS in a
timely manner.

160

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

FATCA

The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) as reflected in Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and
administrative guidance issued thereunder, generally imposes U.S. federal
withholding tax at a rate of 30% on dividends on and the gross proceeds from
a sale or other disposition of our common stock if paid to a “foreign
financial
institution” (as defined in the Code), unless otherwise provided by the
Treasury Secretary or such institution enters into an agreement with the
U.S. government to withhold on certain payments and to collect and provide
to the U.S. tax
authorities substantial information regarding the U.S. account holders of
such institution (which includes certain equity and debt holders of such
institution, as well as certain account holders that are
non-U.S. entities with U.S. owners) or otherwise establishes an exemption.
FATCA also generally imposes a U.S. federal withholding tax of 30% on
dividends paid on and the gross proceeds from a sale or other
disposition of our common stock if paid to a “non-financial foreign entity”
(as defined in the Code) unless otherwise provided by the Treasury Secretary
or such entity provides the withholding agent
with a certification identifying, and information with respect to, certain
direct and indirect “substantial United States owners” (as defined in the
Code), or substantial U.S. owners, of the entity, certifies that it does not
have any such
substantial U.S. owners or otherwise establishes and certifies to an
exemption. The withholding provisions under FATCA generally apply to
dividends on our common stock. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued
proposed regulations providing that the
withholding provisions under FATCA do not apply with respect to the gross
proceeds from a sale or other disposition of our common stock. In its
preamble to such proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department stated
that taxpayers may generally
rely on the proposed regulations until final regulations are issued. An
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and your country of
tax residence may modify the requirements described in this paragraph.
Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the
possible implications of FATCA on their investment in our common stock.

Each prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the
particular U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S.tax consequences of
purchasing, holding and disposing of our common stock, including the
consequences of any proposed change in applicable laws.

161

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 UNDERWRITERS (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST) Under the terms
and subject to the conditions in an underwriting agreement to be dated the
date of this prospectus, the underwriters named below, for whom Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC will act as
representatives, will severally agree to purchase, and we will agree to sell
to them, severally, the number of shares of common stock indicated below:
                                           
  Name                          Number of  
                                Shares     
  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC                 
  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC               
  KKR Capital Markets LLC                  
  Total:                                   
                                           
The underwriters and the representatives are collectively referred to as the
“underwriters” and the “representatives,” respectively. The underwriters
will offer the shares of common stock subject to their acceptance of the
shares from us and subject to prior sale. The underwriting agreement will
provide that the obligations of the several underwriters to pay for and
accept delivery of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus are
subject to the approval of certain legal matters by their counsel and to
certain other conditions. The underwriters will be obligated to take and pay
for all of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus if any such
shares are taken. However, the underwriters will not be required to take or
pay for the shares covered by the underwriters’ over-allotment option
described below. The underwriters initially propose to offer part of the
shares of common stock directly to the public at the offering price listed
on the cover page of this prospectus and part to certain dealers. After the
initial offering of the shares of common stock, the offering price and other
selling terms may from time to time be varied by the representatives. We
will grant to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days from the
date of this prospectus, to purchase up to additional shares of common stock
at the public offering price listed on the cover page of this prospectus,
less underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters may exercise
this option solely for the purpose of covering over-allotments, if any, made
in connection with this offering. To the extent the option is exercised,
each underwriter will become obligated, subject to certain conditions, to
purchase about the same percentage of the additional shares of common stock
as the number listed next to the underwriter’s name in the preceding table
bears to the total number of shares of common stock listed next to the names
of all underwriters in the preceding table. The following table shows the
per share and total public offering price, underwriting discounts and
commissions, and proceeds, before expenses, to us. These amounts are shown
assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-
allotment option to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock.
                                                                            
                                           Total                            
                           Per Share       No Exercise       Full Exercise  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Public offering       $               $                 $                 
  price                                                                     
  Underwriting                                                              
  discounts and         $               $                 $                 
  commissions                                                               
  to be paid by us                                                          
  Proceeds, before      $               $                 $                 
  expenses, to us                                                           
                                                                            
The estimated offering expenses, exclusive of the underwriting discounts and
commissions, are approximately $ . We have agreed to reimburse the
underwriters for expenses relating to clearance of this offering with the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority up to $ . 162

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The underwriters have informed us that they do not
intend sales to discretionary accounts to exceed 5% of the total number of
shares of common stock offered by them. We have applied to list our common
stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “APP”. We
and our directors, executive officers, and the holders of substantially all
of our outstanding stock, stock options, and other securities convertible
into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common stock have agreed or will
agree that, without the prior written consent of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC on behalf of the underwriters and subject to
certain exceptions, we and they will not, and will not publicly disclose an
intention to, during the period ending on and including the day after the
date of this prospectus:
                                                                            
       offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract   
       to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell,                
  •    grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise   
       transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of        
       common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or    
       exchangeable for shares of common stock;                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       file any registration statement with the SEC relating to the         
  •    offering of any shares of common stock or any securities             
       convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock;    
       or                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       enter into any swap, or other arrangement or transaction that        
  •    transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the                
       economic consequences of ownership of the common stock or such       
       other securities;                                                    
                                                                            
whether any such transaction described above is to be settled by delivery of
common stock or such other securities, in cash, or otherwise. In addition,
we and each such person agrees that, without the prior written consent of
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC on behalf of the
underwriters, we or such other person will not, during the restricted
period, make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the
registration of any shares of common stock or any security convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock. In order to facilitate the
offering of the common stock, the underwriters may engage in transactions
that stabilize, maintain, or otherwise affect the price of the common stock.
Specifically, the underwriters may sell more shares than they are obligated
to purchase under the underwriting agreement, creating a short position. A
short sale is covered if the short position is no greater than the number of
shares available for purchase by the underwriters under the over-allotment
option. The underwriters can close out a covered short sale by exercising
the over-allotment option or purchasing shares in the open market. In
determining the source of shares to close out a covered short sale, the
underwriters will consider, among other things, the open market price of
shares compared to the price available under the over-allotment option. The
underwriters may also sell shares in excess of the over-allotment option,
creating a naked short position. The underwriters must close out any naked
short position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short
position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that
there may be downward pressure on the price of the common stock in the open
market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in
this offering. As an additional means of facilitating this offering, the
underwriters may bid for, and purchase, shares of common stock in the open
market to stabilize the price of the common stock. These activities may
raise or maintain the market price of the common stock above independent
market levels or prevent or retard a decline in the market price of the
common stock. The underwriters are not required to engage in these
activities and may end any of these activities at any time. We and the
underwriters will agree to indemnify each other against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. 163

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on websites
maintained by one
or more underwriters, or selling group members, if any, participating in
this offering. The representatives may agree to allocate a number of shares
of common stock to underwriters for sale to their online brokerage account
holders. Internet
distributions will be allocated by the representatives to underwriters that
may make internet distributions on the same basis as other allocations.

Conflicts of Interest

Affiliates of KKR Capital Markets LLC own more than 10% of our common stock.
Because KKR Capital Markets LLC is an
underwriter for this offering, it is deemed to have a “conflict of interest”
within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121(f)(5). Accordingly, this offering is
being made in compliance with the requirements of FINRA Rule 5121. Since KKR
Capital
Markets LLC is not primarily responsible for managing this offering,
pursuant to FINRA Rule 5121, the appointment of a qualified independent
underwriter is not necessary. KKR Capital Markets LLC will not confirm sales
to discretionary accounts
without the prior written approval of the account holder.

Other Relationships

The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial
institutions engaged in various activities, which may include
securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory,
investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging,
financing, and brokerage activities. Certain of the underwriters and their
respective affiliates
have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various
financial advisory and investment banking services for us, for which they
received or will receive customary fees and expenses. See the sections
titled and “Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions” and “Description of Certain
Indebtedness” for additional information.

In addition, in the ordinary course of their various business activities,
the underwriters and their respective affiliates may make or
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their
customers and may at any time
hold long and short positions in such securities and instruments. Such
investment and securities activities may involve our securities and
instruments. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make
investment recommendations or
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities
or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they
acquire, long or short positions in such securities and instruments.

Directed Share Program

At our request, the
underwriters have reserved up to % of the shares offered by this prospectus
for sale at the initial public offering price through a directed share
program. The number of shares of common stock
available for sale to the general public will be reduced to the extent that
such persons purchase such reserved shares. Any reserved shares not so
purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public on the
same basis as the other
shares offered by this prospectus. Other than the underwriting discount
described on the front cover of this prospectus, the underwriters will not
be entitled to any commission with respect to shares of common stock sold
pursuant to the directed
share program. We will agree to indemnify the underwriters against certain
liabilities and expenses, including liabilities under the Securities Act, in
connection with sales of the shares reserved for the directed share program.
Morgan Stanley &
Co. LLC, an underwriter in this offering, will administer our directed share
program.

164

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Pricing of the Offering Prior to this offering, there
has been no public market for our common stock. The initial public offering
price will be determined by negotiations between us and the representatives.
Among the factors to be considered in determining the initial public
offering price are our future prospects and those of our industry in
general, our sales, earnings, and certain other financial and operating
information in recent periods, and the price-earnings ratios, price-sales
ratios, market prices of securities, and certain financial and operating
information of companies engaged in activities similar to ours. Selling
Restrictions European Economic Area In relation to each Member State of the
European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (each, a Relevant State), no
securities have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to
the public in that Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus
in relation to the common stock which has been approved by the competent
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another
Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant
State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that offers
of the common stock may be made to the public in that Relevant State at any
time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
                                                                            
  (a)  to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under   
       the Prospectus Regulation;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified     
  (b)  investors as defined under the Prospectus                            
       Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the           
       representatives; or                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (c)  in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the        
       Prospectus Regulation,                                               
                                                                            
provided that no such offer of shares shall require us or any of our
representatives to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of
the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the
expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any shares in any
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase any shares, and
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as
amended). United Kingdom Each underwriter has represented and agreed that:
                                                                            
       it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only  
       communicate or cause to be communicated an                           
       invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within    
  (a)  the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act  
       2000 (FSMA)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of  
       the shares of common stock in                                        
       circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to   
       us; and                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of    
  (b)  the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in                      
       relation to the shares of common stock in, from or otherwise         
       involving the United Kingdom.                                        
                                                                            
165

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Japan

No registration pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as
amended) (FIEL) has been made or will be made with respect to the
solicitation of the application for the acquisition of the shares of common
stock.

Accordingly, the shares of common stock have not been, directly or
indirectly, offered or sold and will not be, directly or indirectly,
offered or sold in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan
(which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any
corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others
for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for
the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from
the registration
requirements, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and the other
applicable laws and regulations of Japan.

For Qualified Institutional Investors (QII)

Please note that the solicitation for newly-issued or secondary securities
(each as described in Paragraph 2,
Article 4 of the FIEL) in relation to the shares of common stock constitutes
either a “QII only private placement” or a “QII only secondary distribution”
(each as described in Paragraph 1, Article
23-13 of the FIEL). Disclosure regarding any such solicitation, as is
otherwise prescribed in Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been
made in relation to the shares of common stock. The shares of
common stock may only be transferred to QIIs.

For Non-QIIInvestors

Please note that the solicitation for newly-issued or secondary securities
(each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the FIEL) in
relation to the shares of common stock constitutes either a “small number
private placement” or a “small number private secondary distribution” (each
as is described in Paragraph 4, Article
23-13 of the FIEL). Disclosure regarding any such solicitation, as is
otherwise prescribed in Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been
made in relation to the shares of common stock. The shares of
common stock may only be transferred en bloc without subdivision to a single
investor.

Canada

The shares of common stock may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted
clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements,
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the shares of
common stock must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a
transaction not subject to, the
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may
provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this
prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation,
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the
purchaser within the time limit
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or
territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for
particulars of these
rights or consult with a legal advisor.

Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument
33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters are not required
to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI
33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this
offering.

166

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Switzerland The shares of common stock may not be
publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss
Exchange (SIX) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility
in Switzerland. This document does not constitute a prospectus within the
meaning of, and has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards
for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of
Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art.
27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock
exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the shares of
common stock or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made
publicly available in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other
offering or marketing material relating to the offering, us, or the shares
of common stock have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss
regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with,
and the offer of the shares of common stock will not be supervised by, the
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA, and the offer of the
shares of common stock has not been and will not be authorized under the
Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). The investor
protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment
schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of the shares of common
stock. Australia This prospectus:
                                                                            
       does not constitute a disclosure document or a prospectus under      
  •    Chapter 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the                 
       Corporations Act);                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       has not been, and will not be, lodged with the Australian            
       Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), as a disclosure        
  •    document for the purposes of the Corporations Act and does not       
       purport to include the information required of a disclosure          
       document for the purposes of the Corporations Act; and               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       may only be provided in Australia to select investors who are able   
  •    to demonstrate that they fall within one or more of                  
       the categories of investors, available under section 708 of the      
       Corporations Act (Exempt Investors).                                 
                                                                            
The shares of common stock may not be directly or indirectly offered for
subscription or purchased or sold, and no invitations to subscribe for or
buy the shares of common stock may be issued, and no draft or definitive
offering memorandum, advertisement, or other offering material relating to
any shares of common stock may be distributed in Australia, except where
disclosure to investors is not required under Chapter 6D of the Corporations
Act or is otherwise in compliance with all applicable Australian laws and
regulations. By submitting an application for the shares of common stock,
you represent and warrant to us that you are an Exempt Investor. As any
offer of shares of common stock under this document will be made without
disclosure in Australia under Chapter 6D.2 of the Corporations Act, the
offer of those securities for resale in Australia within 12 months may,
under section 707 of the Corporations Act, require disclosure to investors
under Chapter 6D.2 if none of the exemptions in section 708 applies to that
resale. By applying for the shares of common stock you undertake to us that
you will not, for a period of 12 months from the date of issue of the shares
of common stock, offer, transfer, assign, or otherwise alienate those shares
of common stock to investors in Australia except in circumstances where
disclosure to investors is not required under Chapter 6D.2 of the
Corporations Act or where a compliant disclosure document is prepared and
lodged with ASIC. 167

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Hong Kong The shares of common stock have not been
offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of
any document, other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (SFO)
of Hong Kong and any rules made thereunder; or (b) in other circumstances
which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of
Hong Kong) (CO) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the
meaning of the CO. No advertisement, invitation, or document relating to the
shares of common stock has been or may be issued or has been or may be in
the possession of any person for the purposes of issuance, whether in Hong
Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to
do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the
shares of common stock which are or are intended to be disposed of only to
persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in
the SFO and any rules made thereunder. Singapore Each representative has
acknowledged that this prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each representative
has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold any shares of
common stock or caused the shares of common stock to be made the subject of
an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any
shares of common stock or cause the shares of common stock to be made the
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this
prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the shares of common
stock, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other
than:
                                                                            
       to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the        
  (a)  Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of                          
       Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)        
       pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA)       
  (b)  pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any                        
       person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance     
       with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (c)  otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of,     
       any other applicable provision of the SFA.                           
                                                                            
Where the shares of common stock are subscribed or purchased under Section
275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
                                                                            
       a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in    
       Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of                         
  (d)  which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which   
       is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited   
       investor; or                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose      
  (e)  sole purpose is to hold investments and each                         
       beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited       
       investor,                                                            
                                                                            
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined
in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights
and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the
shares of common stock pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the
SFA except:
                                                                            
       to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any      
  (i)  person arising from an offer referred to in                          
       Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;                  
                                                                            
168

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                      
  (ii)  where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
                                                                      
                                                     
  (iii)  where the transfer is by operation of law;  
                                                     
                                                       
  (iv)  as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
                                                       
                                                                            
       as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures         
  (v)  (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based             
       Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.                             
                                                                            
Solely for purposes of the notification requirements under Section
309B(1)(c) of the SFA, Chapter 289 of Singapore, the shares are “prescribed
capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Noticeon the Sale of Investment Products
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Noticeon Recommendations on Investment Products).
China This prospectus will not be circulated or distributed in the People’s
Republic of China (PRC) and the shares of common stock will not be offered
or sold, and will not be offered or sold to any person for re-offeringor
resale directly or indirectly to any residents of the PRC except pursuant to
any applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. Neither this prospectus nor
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published
in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with
applicable laws and regulations. Korea The shares of common stock have not
been and will not be registered under the Financial Investments Services and
Capital Markets Act of Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder
(FSCMA) and the shares of common stock have been and will be offered in
Korea as a private placement under the FSCMA. None of the shares of common
stock may be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered
or sold to any person for re-offeringor resale, directly or indirectly, in
Korea or to any resident of Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and
regulations of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange
Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder (FETL).
The shares of common stock have not been listed on any securities exchange
in the world including, without limitation, the Korea Exchange in Korea.
Furthermore, the purchaser of the shares of common stock shall comply with
all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to
requirements under the FETL) in connection with the purchase of the shares
of common stock. By the purchase of the shares of common stock, the relevant
holder thereof will be deemed to represent and warrant that if it is in
Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased the shares of common stock
pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Malaysia No
prospectus or other offering material or document in connection with the
offer and sale of the shares of common stock has been or will be registered
with the Securities Commission of Malaysia (as used in this paragraph, the
Commission) for the Commission’s approval pursuant to the Capital Markets
and Services Act 2007. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for
subscription or purchase, of the shares of common stock may not be
circulated or distributed, nor may the shares of common stock be offered or
sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase,
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Malaysia other than (i) a
closed end fund approved by the Commission; (ii) a holder of a Capital
Markets Services Licence; (iii) a person who acquires the shares of common
stock, as principal, if the offer is on terms that the shares of common
stock may only be acquired at a 169

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

consideration of not less than RM250,000 (or its equivalent in foreign
currencies) for each transaction; (iv) an individual whose total net
personal assets or total net joint assets with his
or her spouse exceeds RM3 million (or its equivalent in foreign currencies),
excluding the value of the primary residence of the individual; (v) an
individual who has a gross annual income exceeding RM300,000 (or its
equivalent in foreign
currencies) per annum in the preceding twelve months; (vi) an individual
who, jointly with his or her spouse, has a gross annual income of RM400,000
(or its equivalent in foreign currencies), per annum in the preceding twelve
months;
(vii) a corporation with total net assets exceeding RM10 million (or its
equivalent in a foreign currencies) based on the last audited accounts;
(viii) a partnership with total net assets exceeding RM10 million (or its
equivalent
in foreign currencies); (ix) a bank licensee or insurance licensee as
defined in the Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act 2010; (x) an
Islamic bank licensee or takaful licensee as defined in the Labuan Financial
Services and Securities Act
2010; and (xi) any other person as may be specified by the Commission;
provided that, in the each of the preceding categories (i) to (xi), the
distribution of the shares of common stock is made by a holder of a Capital
Markets Services
Licence who carries on the business of dealing in securities. The
distribution in Malaysia of this prospectus is subject to Malaysian laws.
This prospectus does not constitute and may not be used for the purpose of
public offering or an issue, offer
for subscription or purchase, invitation to subscribe for or purchase any
securities requiring the registration of a prospectus with the Commission
under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007.

Taiwan

The shares of
common stock have not been and will not be registered with the Financial
Supervisory Commission of Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws and
regulations and may not be sold, issued, or offered within Taiwan through a
public offering or in
circumstances which constitutes an offer within the meaning of the
Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan that requires a registration or
approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan. No person or
entity in Taiwan has been authorized to
offer, sell, give advice regarding, or otherwise intermediate the offering
and sale of the shares of common stock in Taiwan.

Saudi Arabia

This prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except
to such persons as are permitted under the
Offers of Securities Regulations as issued by the board of the Saudi Arabian
Capital Market Authority (the CMA) pursuant to resolution number 2-11-2004
dated
4 October 2004 as amended by resolution number 1-28-2008, as amended (the
CMA Regulations). The CMA does not make any representation as to the
accuracy or
completeness of this prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability
whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part
of this prospectus. Prospective purchasers of the shares of common stock
offered hereby should conduct
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the
shares of common stock. If you do not understand the contents of this
prospectus, you should consult an authorized financial adviser.

Dubai International Financial Centre

This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Markets
Rules 2012 of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the
DFSA). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a
type specified in the Markets Rules 2012 of the DFSA. It must not be
delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no
responsibility for reviewing or verifying
any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved
this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein
and has no responsibility for this prospectus. The securities to which this
prospectus relates may
be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective
purchasers of the shares of common stock offered should conduct their own
due diligence

170

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 on the common stock. If you do not understand the
contents of this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial
advisor. In relation to its use in the DIFC, this prospectus is strictly
private and confidential and is being distributed to a limited number of
investors and must not be provided to any person other than the original
recipient, and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. The
interests in the shares of common stock may not be offered or sold directly
or indirectly to the public in the DIFC. United Arab Emirates The shares of
common stock have not been, and are not being, publicly offered, sold,
promoted, or advertised in the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai
International Financial Centre) other than in compliance with the laws of
the United Arab Emirates (and the Dubai International Financial Centre)
governing the issue, offering, and sale of securities. Further, this
prospectus does not constitute a public offer of securities in the United
Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) and is
not intended to be a public offer. This prospectus has not been approved by
or filed with the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Securities
and Commodities Authority, or the Dubai Financial Services Authority.
Bermuda Shares of common stock may be offered or sold in Bermuda only in
compliance with the provisions of the Investment Business Act of 2003 of
Bermuda which regulates the sale of securities in Bermuda. Additionally,
non-Bermudianpersons (including companies) may not carry on or engage in any
trade or business in Bermuda unless such persons are permitted to do so
under applicable Bermuda legislation. British Virgin Islands The shares of
common stock are not being, and may not be offered to the public or to any
person in the British Virgin Islands for purchase or subscription by or on
behalf of us. The shares of common stock may be offered to companies
incorporated under the BVI Business Companies Act, 2004 (British Virgin
Islands), BVI Companies, but only where the offer will be made to, and
received by, the relevant BVI Company entirely outside of the British Virgin
Islands. South Africa Due to restrictions under the securities laws of South
Africa, no “ offer to the public” (as such term is defined in the South
African Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 (as amended or re-enacted)(the South
African Companies Act)) is being made in connection with the issue of the
shares of common stock in South Africa. Accordingly, this document does not,
nor is it intended to, constitute a “ registered prospectus” (as that term
is defined in the South African Companies Act) prepared and registered under
the South African Companies Act and has not been approved by, and/or filed
with, the South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission or
any other regulatory authority in South Africa. The shares of common stock
are not offered, and the offer shall not be transferred, sold, renounced, or
delivered, in South Africa or to a person with an address in South Africa,
unless one or other of the following exemptions stipulated in section 96 (1)
applies:
                                                                      
  (i)    the offer, transfer, sale, renunciation, or delivery is to:  
                                                                      
                                                                            
  (a)  persons whose ordinary business, or part of whose ordinary           
       business, is to deal in securities, as principal or agent;           
                                                                            
171

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                         
  (b)  the South African Public Investment Corporation;  
                                                         
                                                                           
  (c)  persons or entities regulated by the Reserve Bank of South Africa;  
                                                                           
                                                                        
  (d)  authorised financial service providers under South African law;  
                                                                        
                                                                           
  (e)  financial institutions recognised as such under South African law;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       a wholly-owned subsidiary of any person or entity contemplated in    
       (c), (d) or (e), acting as agent in the capacity of                  
  (f)  an authorised portfolio manager for a pension fund, or as manager    
       for a collective investment scheme (in each case duly registered as  
       such under South African law); or                                    
                                                                            
                                                        
  (g)  any combination of the person in (a) to (f); or  
                                                        
                                                                            
          the total contemplated acquisition cost of the securities, for    
          any single addressee acting as principal is equal to or           
  (ii)    greater than ZAR1,000,000 or such higher amount as may be         
          promulgated by notice in the Government Gazette of South Africa   
          pursuant to section 96(2)(a) of the South African Companies Act.  
                                                                            
Information made available in this prospectus should not be considered as “
advice” as defined in the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary
Services Act, 2002. Chile These shares of common stock are privately offered
in Chile pursuant to the provisions of law 18,045, the Securities Market Law
of Chile, and Norma de Carácter General No. 336 (Rule 336), dated June 27,
2012, issued by the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile (the
SVS), the securities regulator of Chile, to resident qualified investors
that are listed in Rule 336 and further defined in rule 216 of June 12, 2008
issued by the SVS. Pursuant to Rule 336 the following information is
provided in Chile to prospective resident investors in the offered
securities:
                                              
  1.    The initiation of the offer in Chile  
        is                ,                .  
                                              
                                                                            
        The offer is subject to NCG 336 of June 27, 2012 issued by the      
        Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile                      
  2.    (Superintendency of Securities and Insurance of Chile).             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The offer refers to securities that are not registered in the       
  3.    Registro de Valores (securities registry) or the Registro           
        de Valores Extranjeros (foreign securities registry) of the SVS     
        and therefore:                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                       
  a.  The securities are not subject to the oversight of the SVS; and  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  b.  There issuer thereof is not subject to reporting obligation with      
      respect to itself or the offered securities.                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The securities may not be publicly offered in Chile unless and      
  4.    until they are registered in the Securities Registry of             
        the SVS.                                                            
                                                                            
Brazil No securities may be offered or sold in Brazil, except in
circumstances that do not constitute a public offering or unauthorized
distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. The shares of common
stock have not been, and will not be, registered with the Comissão de
Valores Mobiliários. 172

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

LEGAL MATTERS

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., Palo Alto, California, which has
acted as our counsel in connection with this offering,
will pass upon the validity of the shares of our common stock being offered
by this prospectus. The underwriters have been represented by Fenwick & West
LLP, Mountain View, California. An investment fund associated with Fenwick &
West LLP owns less than 1% of our outstanding capital stock as of December
31, 2020.

EXPERTS

The financial statements of Applovin Corporation and subsidiaries included
in this prospectus have been audited by Deloitte & Touche
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their
report appearing herein and elsewhere in the registration statement (which
report expresses an unqualified opinion on the financial statements and
includes an explanatory
paragraph referring to the Company’s change in method of accounting for
leases in fiscal year 2019 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards
Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (ASC 842), and related amendments). Such
financial statements have
been so included in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their
authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

The
consolidated financial statements of Machine Zone, Inc. as of December 31,
2018 and 2019 and for each of the years in the two-year period ended
December 31, 2019, have been included herein and in the registration
statement in reliance upon
the report of KPMG LLP, independent auditors, appearing elsewhere herein and
upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We have submitted with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under
the Securities Act
with respect to the shares of our common stock offered by this prospectus.
This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration statement,
does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration
statement, some of which is
contained in exhibits to the registration statement as permitted by the
rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information with respect to us
and our common stock, we refer you to the registration statement, including
the exhibits filed as a
part of the registration statement. Statements contained in this prospectus
concerning the contents of any contract or any other document are not
necessarily complete. If a contract or document has been filed as an exhibit
to the registration
statement, please see the copy of the contract or document that has been
filed. Each statement in this prospectus relating to a contract or document
filed as an exhibit is qualified in all respects by the filed exhibit. The
SEC maintains an internet
website that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information about
issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that
website is www.sec.gov.

As a result of this offering, we will become subject to the information and
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in
accordance with this law, will file periodic reports, proxy statements, and
other information with the SEC. We also maintain a website at
www.applovin.com. Upon completion of this offering, you may access these
materials free of charge as soon as
reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or
furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not a part of
this prospectus and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus
is an inactive textual
reference only.

173

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
                                                                            
                                                                     Page   
  Applovin Corporation and Subsidiaries                                     
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting                 F-2    
  Firm                                                                      
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets                   F-3    
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-4    
  Operations                                                                
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-5    
  Comprehensive Income (Loss)                                               
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’      F-6    
  Deficit                                                                   
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-7    
  Cash Flows                                                                
  Applovin Corporation Notes to Consolidated                         F-9    
  Financial Statements                                                      
  Machine Zone, Inc. and Subsidiaries                                       
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of               
  March 31, 2020 and for the Three Months                                   
  Ended March 31, 2019 and 2020                                             
  Machine Zone, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance                  F-47   
  Sheets                                                                    
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements            
  of                                                                 F-48   
  Operations                                                                
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed                             F-49   
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit                          
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements            
  of Cash                                                            F-50   
  Flows                                                                     
  Machine Zone, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated              
  Financial                                                          F-51   
  Statements                                                                
  Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for                           
  the Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2019                                
  Independent Auditor’s Report                                       F-64   
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets                     F-65   
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of                      F-66   
  Operations                                                                
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of                      F-67   
  Stockholders’ Deficit                                                     
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash                 F-68   
  Flows                                                                     
  Machine Zone, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial                 F-69   
  Statements                                                                
  Applovin Corporation and Subsidiaries                                     
  Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement                          
  of Operations                                                             
  Applovin Corporation Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined               
  Statement of                                                       F-104  
  Operations                                                                
  Applovin Corporation Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma                  F-106  
  Condensed Combined Statement of Operations                                
                                                                            
Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Applovin Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Applovin Corporation
and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December
31, 2019, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

Change in Accounting Principle

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
has changed its method of accounting for leases in fiscal
year 2019 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases
(Topic 842) (ASC 842), and related amendments.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the
PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in
accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California,

December 7, 2020

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2014.

F-2

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In
thousands, except share and per share data)
                                                                            
                                                              Pro Forma     
                     December 31,          December 31,       December 31,  
                             2018                  2019       2019          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                              Unaudited     
                                                              See Note 3    
  Assets                                                                    
  Current                                                                   
  assets:                                                                   
  Cash and                                                                  
  cash            $       276,119       $       396,247                     
  equivalents                                                               
  Accounts                                                                  
  receivable,             122,462               161,346                     
  net                                                                       
  Prepaid                                                                   
  expenses and                                                              
  other                     8,964                28,628                     
  current                                                                   
  assets                                                                    
  Total                                                                     
  current                 407,545               586,221                     
  assets                                                                    
  Property and                                                              
  equipment,                8,527                 7,901                     
  net                                                                       
  Operating                                                                 
  lease                         —                14,895                     
  right-of-use                                                              
  assets                                                                    
  Goodwill                 98,645               137,121                     
  Intangible               13,248               440,905                     
  assets, net                                                               
  Other assets              8,890                15,442                     
  Total assets    $       536,855       $     1,202,485                     
  Liabilities                                                               
  and                                                                       
  stockholder…                                                              
  deficit                                                                   
  Current                                                                   
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts        $        59,527       $        70,522                     
  payable                                                                   
  Accrued                  12,711                48,007                     
  liabilities                                                               
  Short-term                    —                12,210                     
  debt                                                                      
  Deferred                                                                  
  acquisition              41,646               108,136                     
  costs,                                                                    
  current                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  current                 113,884               238,875                     
  liabilities                                                               
  Non-current                                                               
  liabilities:                                                              
  Long-term               792,693             1,168,374                     
  debt                                                                      
  Other                                                                     
  non-current               8,633                51,803                     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total                   915,210             1,459,052                     
  liabilities                                                               
  Commitments                                                               
  and                                                                       
  Contingenci…                                                              
  (Note 6)                                                                  
  Stockholder…                                                              
  deficit:                                                                  
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred                                                                 
  stock,                                                                    
  109,090,908                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and             399,589               399,589                     
  outstanding                                                               
  at                                                                        
  December 31,                                                              
  2018 and                                                                  
  2019,                                                                     
  respectively                                                              
  Common stock                                                              
  A, $0.00003                                                               
  par                                                                       
  value—360,0…                                                              
  and                                                                       
  360,000,000                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  and                           4                     6                     
  135,881,937                                                               
  177,593,772                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding                                                               
  at December                                                               
  31, 2018 and                                                              
  2019,                                                                     
  respectively                                                              
  Common stock                                                              
  F, $0.00003                                                               
  par                                                                       
  value—43,20…                                                              
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  42,564,150                    1                     1                     
  shares                                                                    
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding                                                               
  at December                                                               
  31, 2018 and                                                              
  2019,                                                                     
  respectively                                                              
  Additional                                                                
  paid-in                 230,922               235,190                     
  capital                                                                   
  Accumulated                                                               
  other                    (2,618  )             (4,140  )                  
  comprehensi…                                                              
  loss                                                                      
  Accumulated          (1,006,253  )           (887,213  )                  
  deficit                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  stockholder…           (378,355  )           (256,567  )                  
  deficit                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  liabilities                                                               
  and             $       536,855       $     1,202,485                     
  stockholder…                                                              
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
F-3

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS (In thousands, except share and per share data)
                                                                            
                              Years ended December                          
                                               31,                          
                                              2018                 2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                 $                483,363       $      994,104     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                           53,758              241,274     
  Sales and marketing                      166,799              481,781     
  Research and                              16,270               44,966     
  development                                                               
  General and                               14,854               31,712     
  administrative                                                            
  Extinguishment of                                                         
  acquisition-related                      (10,763  )                 —     
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Total cost and                           240,918              799,733     
  expenses                                                                  
  Income from                              242,445              194,371     
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest expense and                                                      
  loss on settlement                      (484,805  )           (74,166  )  
  of debt, net                                                              
  Interest income and                        2,101                6,029     
  other gains                                                               
  Total other income                      (482,704  )           (68,137  )  
  (expense)                                                                 
  Income (loss) before                                                      
  provision for                           (240,259  )           126,234     
  income taxes                                                              
  Provision for income                      19,736                7,194     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income (loss)                      $(259,995  )    $      119,040     
  Less: Income                                                              
  attributable to                                —              (42,664  )  
  participating                                                             
  securities                                                                
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to         $               (259,995  )    $       76,376     
  common                                                                    
  stock—Basic                                                               
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to         $               (259,995  )    $       76,561     
  common                                                                    
  stock—Diluted                                                             
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  per share                                                                 
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders:                                                             
  Basic                   $                  (1.37  )    $         0.36     
  Diluted                 $                  (1.37  )    $         0.36     
  Weighted average                                                          
  common shares used                                                        
  to compute net                                                            
  income (loss) per                                                         
  share attributable                                                        
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders:                                                             
  Basic                                189,533,630          210,937,147     
  Diluted                              189,533,630          212,365,429     
  Pro forma net income                                                      
  (loss) per share                                                          
  attributable to                                                           
  common stockholders                                                       
  (unaudited):                                                              
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted                                                                   
  Pre forma weighted                                                        
  average common                                                            
  shares used to                                                            
  compute net income                                                        
  (loss) per share                                                          
  attributable to                                                           
  common stockholders                                                       
  (unaudited):                                                              
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted                                                                   
                                                                            
F-4

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (In thousands)
                                                                            
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  Other comprehensive (loss), net         Years ended                       
  of tax:                                 December 31,                      
  Foreign currency translation            2018                     2019     
  Interest rate swap—unrealized           (259,995              119,040     
  loss                                    30            )           (11  )  
  Total other comprehensive (loss),       (2,651        )        (1,511  )  
  net of tax                              (2,621        )        (1,522  )  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Total comprehensive income (loss)    $  (262,616      )    $  117,518     
                                                                            
F-5

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT (In thousands, except share data)
                                                                            
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           $    )      …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       —    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                )      …    
                                                                )      …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       —    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       1    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                           $    )      …    
                                                                            
F-6

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS (In thousands)
                                                                            
                                 Years Ended December                       
                                                  31,                       
  Operating Activities                           2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)        $                 (259,995  )    $   119,040     
  Adjustments to                                                            
  reconcile net income                                                      
  (loss) to operating                                                       
  activities:                                                               
  Amortization,                                                             
  depreciation and                             16,061            92,806     
  write-offs                                                                
  Amortization of debt                                                      
  issuance costs and                          428,211             4,979     
  loss on settlement of                                                     
  debt                                                                      
  Stock-based                                   5,465            10,222     
  compensation                                                              
  Change in operating                                                       
  lease                                             —             2,616     
  right-of-use assets                                                       
  Gain on                                                                   
  extinguishment of                                                         
  acquisition                                 (10,763  )              —     
  related contingent                                                        
  consideration                                                             
  Changes in operating                                                      
  assets and                                                                
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts receivable                         (30,191  )        (33,524  )  
  Prepaid expenses and                                                      
  other current                                11,087           (19,867  )  
  assets                                                                    
  Accounts payable                            (21,071  )         13,534     
  Other assets                                   (907  )         (1,485  )  
  Accrued and other                             1,133            10,141     
  liabilities                                                               
  Net cash provided by                                                      
  operating                                   139,030           198,462     
  activities                                                                
  Investing Activities                                                      
  Purchase of property                         (1,399  )         (3,358  )  
  and equipment                                                             
  Acquisitions, net of                        (65,943  )       (404,196  )  
  cash acquired                                                             
  Purchase of                                                               
  non-marketable                                    —            (4,000  )  
  securities                                                                
  Refund of lease                                 173                 —     
  deposits                                                                  
  Net cash used in                            (67,169  )       (411,554  )  
  investing activities                                                      
  Financing Activities                                                      
  Proceeds from debt                                                        
  issuance, net of                            791,062           388,859     
  issuance costs                                                            
  Payment of debt                          (1,183,000  )        (11,208  )  
  principal                                                                 
  Payment of finance                           (5,930  )         (5,663  )  
  leases                                                                    
  Revolver fees paid                           (1,041  )              —     
  Proceeds from                                                             
  issuance of preferred                       399,589                 —     
  stock, net of                                                             
  issuance costs                                                            
  Proceeds from                                                             
  exercise of stock                                70             2,637     
  awards                                                                    
  Proceeds from early                                                       
  exercise of stock                               909                 —     
  awards                                                                    
  Payment of deferred                               —           (41,454  )  
  acquisition costs                                                         
  Repurchase of common                            (21  )            (11  )  
  stock options                                                             
  Net cash provided by                                                      
  financing                                     1,638           333,160     
  activities                                                                
  Effect of exchange                                                        
  rate on changes on                               39                60     
  cash and cash                                                             
  equivalents                                                               
  Net increase in cash                                                      
  and cash                                     73,538           120,128     
  equivalents                                                               
  Cash and cash                                                             
  equivalents at                              202,581           276,119     
  beginning                                                                 
  of year                                                                   
  Cash and cash                                                             
  equivalents at end of    $                  276,119       $   396,247     
  year                                                                      
                                                                            
F-7

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS (In thousands)
                                                                            
  Supplemental Disclosure of                                                
  Cash Flow                          Years Ended December 31,               
  Information                                            2018         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash paid for income taxes      $                    15,311    $  30,474  
  Cash paid for interest          $                    44,628    $  62,278  
  Repurchases of common stock                                               
  financed by                     $                         —    $   9,074  
  promissory notes                                                          
  Right-of-use assets acquired                                              
  under                           $                         —    $   7,399  
  operating leases                                                          
  Interest expense offset by                                                
  non-cash                        $                         —    $   3,549  
  financing activities                                                      
  Assets acquired under           $                     3,917    $   3,061  
  finance leases                                                            
  Purchase of property and                                                  
  equipment not                   $                       535    $      14  
  yet paid                                                                  
                                                                            
F-8

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

APPLOVIN CORPORATION

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Description of Business

Applovin Corporation (the “Company” or “AppLovin”) was incorporated in the
state of Delaware on
July 18, 2011. The Company is a leader in the mobile app industry with a
focus on building a software-based platform for mobile app developers to
improve the marketing and monetization of their apps. The Company also has a
globally diversified
portfolio of apps—free-to-play mobile games that it operates through its own
or partner studios.

The Company’s operations are headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has
several operating locations in the U.S. as well as
various international office locations in North America, Asia and Europe.

In May 2020, the Company amended its restated certificate
of incorporation “Restated Certificate of Incorporation” to implement a
3-for-1 stock split of its common and preferred stock. The amendment also
changed the
par value in connection with the split and increased the number of
authorized common stock shares. All disclosures of common shares,
convertible preferred shares and per share data in the accompanying
financial statements and related notes reflect
the stock split for all periods presented.

2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation—The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”).

Principles of Consolidation—The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and
its wholly owned subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and accounts have
been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of Estimates—The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the
Company evaluates its
estimates, including those related to fair values of intangible assets and
goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment,
income and indirect taxes, contingent liabilities, evaluation of
recoverability of intangible assets
and long-lived assets, and goodwill impairment, among others. The Company
bases its estimates on assumptions, both historical and forward-looking,
that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities.

Risk and Uncertainties—The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties as
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of the issuance date of these
consolidated financial statements, the Company’s results of operations have
not been materially impacted. However, the future impact of the COVID-19
pandemic remains uncertain
as the response to the pandemic is in its incipient stages and information
is rapidly evolving. Economies worldwide have been negatively impacted by
the COVID-19 pandemic. A weakened global economy may negatively impact in-
app purchasing decisions
and consumer buying decisions across the globe generally, which could
adversely affect advertiser activity. The full impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on the global economy and the extent to which the pandemic may
impact the Company’s business,
financial condition, and results of operations in the

F-9

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

future remains uncertain. The severity of the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on the Company’s business will depend on a number of factors,
including, but not limited to, the duration and
severity of the pandemic and the extent and severity of the impact on the
Company’s customers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. The
Company’s future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely
impacted by
delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts beyond normal payment
terms and uncertain demand.

Revenue from Contracts with Customers—The Company generates Business and
Consumer revenue. Business Revenue includes fees paid by mobile app
advertisers that use the Company’s software (“Software”), and revenue
generated from the sale of digital
advertising inventory of the Company’s apps (“Apps”). Consumer Revenue
consists of mobile in-app purchases (“IAPs”) made by users within Apps.

Business Revenue

Software provides the technology to match advertisers and third-party owners
of digital advertising inventory (“Publishers”)
via auctions at large scale and microsecond-level speeds. The pricing and
terms for all mobile advertising arrangements are governed by the Company’s
terms and conditions and generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days
subsequent to the end of
the month. The contract is fully cancellable at any time.

For Business Revenue generated through placement of advertisements on
mobile applications owned by Publishers, the Company’s performance
obligation is to provide an advertiser with access to Software which
facilitates the advertiser’s purchase of advertising inventory from
Publishers. The Company does not
control the advertising inventory prior to its transfer to the advertiser,
the Company’s customer, because the Company does not have the substantive
ability to direct the use of, nor obtain substantially all of the remaining
benefits from the
advertising inventory. The Company is not primarily responsible for
fulfillment and does not have any inventory risk. The Company is an agent as
it relates to the sale of third-party advertising inventory and presents
revenue on a net basis. The
transaction price is the product of either the number of completions of
agreed upon actions, or advertisements displayed and the contractually
agreed upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser less
consideration paid or payable to
Publishers.

Advertisers also purchase Apps advertising inventory either through Software
or through third-party advertising
networks (“Ad Networks”). Revenue from the sale of advertising inventory
through Ad Networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by Ad Networks
as the Company is unable to determine the gross amount paid by the
advertisers to Ad
Networks.

The Company recognizes mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon
action is completed or when the ad is displayed to
users, depending on the agreed upon pricing mechanism with an advertiser or
Ad Network. The number of advertisements delivered and completions of agreed
upon actions is determined at the end of each month, which resolves any
uncertainty in the
transaction price during the reporting period.

Consumer Revenue

IAPs include fees collected from users of Apps for virtual goods that can be
spent to obtain hints or solutions for solving a game and
removing advertisements. The identified performance obligation is a promise
to enhance the game experience through a hint or other means that is
consumed in gameplay (“consumable virtual goods”) or a promise to not
present advertisements
within the game (“durable virtual goods”). Payment is required at the time
of purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs
through the Company’s distribution partners. The transaction price is equal
to the gross
amount charged to users because the Company is the principal in the
transaction. IAPs fees are non-refundable. Such payments are initially
recorded to deferred revenue.

F-10

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The Company recognizes revenue for IAPs depending on
whether the virtual good is consumable or durable as follows:
                                                                            
       For the sale of consumable virtual goods, the Company satisfies its  
  •    performance obligation and recognizes revenue as the                 
       items are consumed, with the substantial majority being recognized   
       in the first week and the remainder in the next few weeks.           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       For the sale of durable virtual goods, the Company satisfies its     
       performance obligation and recognizes revenue ratably                
       over the estimated average user life for the applicable game (i.e.,  
       over time). Revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods was not   
  •    material for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019.             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The Company presents taxes collected from customers and remitted to
governmental authorities on a net basis. Disaggregation of Revenue The
following tables present revenue disaggregated by type (in thousands):
                                                     
                           Year Ended                
                         December 31,                
                                 2018          2019  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Business Revenue    $       429,256    $  595,948  
  Consumer Revenue             54,107       398,156  
  Total revenue       $       483,363    $  994,104  
                                                     
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location, consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                                      
                            Year Ended                
                          December 31,                
                                  2018          2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States        $       261,734    $  622,051  
  United Kingdom                47,982        60,073  
  Rest of the World            173,647       311,980  
  Total revenue        $       483,363    $  994,104  
                                                      
Cash and Cash Equivalents—Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of
cash on deposit with banks and investments in money market funds with
maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase. Accounts
Receivable, net—The Company records accounts receivable at the invoiced
amount, maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for
potentially uncollectible receivables, and reviews accounts receivable
periodically to identify specific customers with known disputes or
collectability issues. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the allowance for
doubtful accounts was not material. Derivatives—The Company accounts for
derivative instruments at fair value. Interest rate swaps may qualify as
cash flow hedges. Changes in the interest rate swaps that qualify as cash
flow hedges are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss). Amounts recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) are reclassified to earnings in a manner that matches the earnings
impact of the hedged interest expense. The Company’s policy for classifying
cash flows from derivatives is to report the cash flows consistent with the
underlying hedged item . F-11

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Fair Value of Financial Instruments—The Company uses a
three-tier fair value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurringbasis, in periods
subsequent to their initial measurement. The hierarchy requires the Company
to use observable inputs when available, and to minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when determining fair value. The three tiers are defined
as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices
(unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level
2—Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable
either directly or indirectly. Level 3—Unobservable inputs of which there is
little or no market data, which require the Company to develop its own
assumptions. Concentration of Credit Risk and Uncertainties—The Company’s
financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk
consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The
Company places its cash deposits with large, reputable financial
institutions. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company maintained cash
balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”)
insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of money market funds that are
composed of U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government securities. The Company’s
accounts receivable balance is derived from both domestic and international
sales. The Company reviews its exposure to accounts receivable credit risk
and generally requires no collateral for its accounts receivable. The
Company uses various distribution partners to collect and remit payments
from users of Apps for virtual goods. As of December 31, 2018, there were no
distribution partners with more than 10% of the accounts receivable, net. As
of December 31, 2019, one distribution partner accounted for 12% of the
accounts receivable, net. No individual customer accounted for 10% or more
of the Company’s accounts receivable or revenue during the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019. Property and Equipment, net—Property and
equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets, which is as follows:
                                                                            
                            Useful Life                                     
  Computer equipment        3 - 5 years                                     
  Software and licenses     3 years                                         
  Leasehold improvements    Over the shorter of useful life (up to 10       
                            years) or lease term                            
                                                                            
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated
depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations in the period realized.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Segment
Reporting—The Company’s chief operating decision-maker is the Chief
Executive Officer who makes resource allocation decisions and assesses
performance based on financial information presented on a consolidated
basis. There are no segment managers who are held F-12

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

accountable by the chief operating decision-maker, or anyone else, for
operations, operating results, and planning for levels or components below
the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, the
Company has a single reportable and operating segment structure.

Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations—The
Company performs an initial test to determine whether substantially all of
the fair value of the gross assets transferred are concentrated in a single
identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, such that the
acquisition would not
represent a business. If that test suggests that the set of assets and
activities is a business, the Company then performs a second test to
evaluate whether the assets and activities transferred include inputs and
substantive processes that
together, significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs, which
would constitute a business. If the result of the second test suggests that
the acquired assets and activities constitute a business, the Company
accounts for the transaction
as a business combination.

For transactions accounted for as business combinations the Company
allocates the fair value of
acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair
values. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of any promised
contingent consideration. The
excess of the fair value of acquisition consideration over the fair values
of acquired identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.
Contingent consideration is remeasured to its fair value each reporting
period with changes in the
fair value of contingent consideration recorded in general and
administrative expenses. Such valuations require management to make
significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible
assets. Management’s estimates of
fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which
are inherently uncertain and unpredictable, and as a result, actual results
may differ from estimates. In certain circumstances, the allocations of the
excess purchase price
are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to revision
when the Company receives final information, including appraisals and other
analyses. During the measurement period, which is one year from the
acquisition date, the
Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of
the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
Acquisition-related costs
are expensed as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is
allocated to the assets acquired on the basis of relative fair values. The
Company generally includes contingent consideration in the cost of the
assets acquired only when the uncertainty is resolved. The Company
recognizes contingent consideration
adjustments to the cost of the acquired assets prospectively using the
straight-line method over the remaining useful life of the assets. No
goodwill is recognized in asset acquisitions.

Services and Development Agreements—The Company enters into strategic
agreements with mobile gaming studios (“Partner
Studios”). The Company has historically allowed these Partner Studios to
continue their operations with a significant degree of autonomy. In some
cases, the Company bought Apps from Partner Studios and entered into service
and development
agreements whereby Partner Studios provide support in improving existing
Apps and developing new Apps. The substantial majority of payments
associated with service agreements for existing Apps are expensed to
research and development when the
services are rendered as the payments primarily relate to developing
enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps associated with development
agreements are generally made in connection with the development of a
particular App, and therefore,
the Company is subject to development risk prior to the release of the App.
Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of an App are
generally expensed to research and development over the development period
as the services are incurred.
Payments due after completion of an App are generally capitalized and
expensed as cost of revenue. See Note 7, “Acquisitions” and Note 20,
“Subsequent Events” for additional information.

F-13

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Software Development Costs—The Company incurs development costs related to
internal-use software and the development of Apps. The Company reviews
software development costs on a quarterly basis to determine if the costs
qualify for capitalization. As a result of an agile and iterative
development process, the preliminary project stage remains ongoing until
just prior to launch, at which time final feature selection occurs. As such,
software development costs do not meet the criteria for capitalization and
are expensed as incurred
to research and development expenses. The Company did not capitalize any
software development costs during the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019.

Goodwill—Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment
on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, or
more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist.
Triggering events that may indicate impairment include, but are not limited
to, a significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate that
could affect the value
of goodwill or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When
conducting quantitative annual goodwill impairment assessments, the Company
compares the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying value. If
the carrying value of a
reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the Company records a goodwill
impairment. Commencing January 1, 2019, the lesser of (i) the entire amount
by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value or
(ii) the
carrying value of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit is recorded as
an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, no impairment
of goodwill has been identified.

Intangible Assets—This consists of identifiable intangible assets, primarily
Apps, user base, and developed technology
resulting from business acquisitions. Acquired intangible assets are
recorded at cost, net of accumulated amortization. Intangible assets are
amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives,
generally 2 to 7 years. The
Company’s estimates of useful lives of intangible assets are based on cash
flow forecasts which incorporate various assumptions, including forecasted
user acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level of user engagement.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets—The Company reviews long-lived assets for
impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate an asset’s carrying
value may not be recoverable. If such circumstances are present, the Company
assesses the recoverability of the long-lived assets by comparing the
carrying value to the
undiscounted future cash flows associated with the related assets. If the
future net undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the
assets, the assets are considered impaired and an expense equal to the
amount required to reduce the
carrying value of the assets to the estimated fair value is recorded as an
impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated statements of
operations. Significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and
timing of future cash flows and the
relative risk of achieving those cash flows. Assumptions and estimates about
future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective.
They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors
such as industry and
economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in the Company’s
business strategy and internal forecasts. For example, if future operating
results do not meet current forecasts, the Company may be required to record
future impairment
charges for acquired intangible assets. Additional factors which
significantly affect future cash flows related to long-lived assets include,
but are not limited to, forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition
rates and level of user
engagement. Significant changes in these factors may require the Company to
reassess recoverability of long-lived assets and record impairment.
Impairment charges could materially decrease future net income and result in
lower asset values on the
Company’s consolidated balance sheet. There were no material impairment
charges recorded for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019.

Cost of Revenue—Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees related to Consumer Revenue and
paid to the Company’s distribution partners, amortization of intangible
assets related to acquired technology and Apps, and expenses associated with
operating network infrastructure which include bandwidth, energy, and other
equipment costs
related to the co-located data centers and costs for third-party cloud
service providers.

F-14

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Sales and Marketing—Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses, sales incentives, and
amortization of acquired separately-identifiable user-related intangible
assets. Related costs associated with these functions such as, marketing
programs, travel, customer service
costs as well as allocated facilities and information technology costs are
also included in sales and marketing expenses. Costs for advertising are
expensed as incurred. Advertising costs, which consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, totaled
$143.9 million and $436.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively.

Research and Development—Research and development expenses include new
product development costs such as salaries and employee benefits, consulting
costs, stock-based compensation, regulatory compliance costs as well as
allocated facilities and
information technology costs.

General and Administrative—General and administrative expenses include costs
associated
with the Company’s finance, accounting, legal, human resources and
administrative personnel. Related costs associated with these functions,
such as attorney and accounting fees, recruiting services, administrative
services, insurance, travel,
as well as allocated facilities and information technology costs are also
included in general and administrative expenses.

Stock-Based Compensation—The Company estimates the fair value of employee
stock-based compensation awards on the grant date
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognizes the grant date
fair value as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires
use of various assumptions,
including expected option life and expected stock price volatility. The
Company determines the expected option life as the average of the options’
contractual term and the options’ vesting period. The Company estimates the
options’
volatility using volatilities of public companies in a comparable industry,
stage of life cycle, and size. The Company is using the straight-line method
for recording stock-based compensation expense and recognizes forfeitures as
they occur.

After the adoption of the Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
2018-07—Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic718): Improvements to
Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting, on January 1, 2019 the Company
accounts for non-employee stock-based compensation awards similar to
employee stock-based compensation awards. Prior to 2019, options and other
equity awards granted to non-employees were
subject to periodic remeasurement over the period during which services were
rendered based on the remaining contractual term.

Income Taxes—The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and
liability method, which requires the recognition of
deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this
method, the Company determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the
basis of the differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by
using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax
assets and liabilities is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.

The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that
these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative
evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences, projected future taxable
income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If the
Company determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in
the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an
adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be made to
reduce the provision for income taxes.

F-15

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than
not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical
merits of the position; and (2) for those tax
positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the
Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50%
likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the
related tax authority.

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on the income tax expense
line in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Accrued
interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability line in the
consolidated balance sheets.

Foreign Currency Transactions—Generally, the functional currency of our
international subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. In
cases where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, the Company
translates the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars
using the prevailing consolidated balance sheet date exchange rate for
assets and liabilities, and
average exchange rates during the period for revenue and costs and expenses.
The Company records translation gains and losses in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders’ equity. The
Company reflects foreign
exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of the
transaction currency to functional currency, which includes gains and losses
from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities, as a component of other
income (expense), net.

Comprehensive Income (Loss)—Comprehensive income (loss) is composed of net
income (loss) and other comprehensive income
(loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of unrealized gains and
losses on cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation adjustments.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders—Basic and
diluted net income (loss) per share attributable
to common stockholders is presented under the two-class method required for
participating securities. The Company considers its convertible preferred
stock, options exercised in exchange for non-recourse promissory notes,
early exercised unvested
stock options and unvested restricted stock awards to be participating
securities. Under the two-class method, the net loss attributable to common
stockholders is not allocated to convertible preferred stock, options
exercised in exchange for
nonrecourse promissory notes, early exercised unvested common stock options
and unvested restricted stock awards as the holders of these instruments do
not have a contractual obligation to share in the Company’s losses. Net
income is attributed
to common stockholders and participating securities based on their
participation rights. Basic net loss per share attributable to common
stockholders is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common
stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings per share attributable to common stockholders adjusts basic
earnings per share for the potentially dilutive impact of stock options.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted)—In June 2016,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic
326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which added a
new impairment model (known as the
current expected credit loss (“CECL”) model) that is based on expected
losses rather than incurred losses. Under the new guidance, an entity
recognizes as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses. The CECL
requires the
measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets
held at amortized cost, including trade receivables. The CECL model does not
have a minimum threshold for recognition of impairment losses and entities
will need to measure
expected credit losses on assets that have a low risk of loss. These changes
became effective for the Company on January 1, 2020. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact of these changes.

In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13,Fair Value Measurement (Topic
820): Disclosure Framework—Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair
Value Measurement, which amended

F-16

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

the fair value measurement guidance by removing or clarifying certain
existing disclosure requirements, while also adding new disclosure
requirements. Specifically, this update removed certain
disclosures related to Level 1 and Level 2 transfers. It also removed the
discussion regarding valuation processes of Level 3 fair value measurements.
The update modifies guidance related to investments in certain entities that
calculate net asset value to explicitly require disclosure regarding timing
of liquidation of the investee’s assets and timing of redemption
restrictions. The update adds disclosures around the changes in unrealized
gains and losses in other
comprehensive income for recurring Level 3 investments held at the end of
the reporting period and adds disclosures regarding certain unobservable
inputs on Level 3 fair value measurements. These changes become effective
for the Company on
January 1, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of
these changes.

In December 2019, the FASB
issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for
Income Taxes. The ASU impacts various topic areas within ASC 740, including
accounting for taxes under hybrid tax
regimes, accounting for increases in goodwill, allocation of tax amounts to
separate company financial statements within a group that files a
consolidated tax return, intra period tax allocation, interim period
accounting, and accounting for
ownership changes in investments, among other minor codification
improvements. These changes become effective for the Company on January 1,
2021. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of these
changes.

In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-01,Investments—Equity
Securities (Topic321), Investments—Equity Method and Joint Ventures
(Topic323), and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic815), which clarifies the
interaction of the accounting for equity securities
under Topic 321, the accounting for equity method investments in Topic 323,
and the accounting for certain forward contracts and purchased options in
Topic 815. These changes become effective for the Company on January 1,
2021.
The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of these changes.

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Facilitation of the Effects
of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting (Topic 848). The ASU
provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to
transactions affected by
reference rate (e.g., LIBOR) reform if certain criteria are met, for a
limited period of time to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or
recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting.
The ASU is effective for all
companies as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company will
evaluate transactions or contract modifications occurring as a result of
reference rate reform and determine whether to apply the optional guidance
on an ongoing
basis. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of these
changes.

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and
Other Options (Subtopic 470-20)and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in
Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40):Accounting for Convertible Instruments
and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity, to simplify the accounting for
certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and
equity,
including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity’s own equity.
The standard eliminates beneficial conversion feature and cash conversion
models resulting in more convertible instruments being accounted for as a
single unit; and
simplifies classification of debt on the balance sheet and earnings per
share calculation. These changes will become effective for the Company on
January 1, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of
these changes.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted)—In May 2014, the FASB
issued
ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic606). The standard
provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine
when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle of the guidance is
that a company should recognize revenue when the customer obtains control of
promised

F-17

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the
Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The
Company adopted this standard as of
January 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective transition method which
did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. See
Revenue from Contracts with Customersfor further details of the Company’s
revenue recognition accounting policy under this standard.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This ASU and subsequently issued amendments
require a lessee to recognize leases with the term greater than 12 months on
the consolidated balance sheet. The
standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. In July 2018, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11, Targeted Improvements—Leases (Topic 842). This
update provides an optional transition method, by which entities may elect
not to recast the comparative periods presented in financial statements in
the period of adoption and recognize a cumulative
effect adjustment in the period of adoption. If elected, an entity would
recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained
earnings in the year of adoption. The Company adopted the new standard as of
January 1, 2019
using the optional transition method that provides for a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings upon adoption. There was no impact on the
Company’s accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2019 as a result of the
adoption of this
standard. The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2019 are presented under the new standard, while the comparative period
presented is not adjusted and continues to be reported in accordance with
the Company’s
historical accounting policy. On January 1, 2019, the adoption of the new
lease standard resulted in the recognition of operating lease right-of-use
assets of
$10.1 million and operating lease liabilities, including operating lease
liabilities—current and non-current, of $2.2 million and $7.9 million,
respectively. In connection with the adoption
of this standard, deferred rent of $0.1 million, which was previously
recorded in accrued and other current liabilities and in other long-term
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2018, was
derecognized. See
Note 9, “Leases,” for more information.

In January 2017, the FASB issued
ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic805) Clarifying the Definition of a
Business, which clarifies the definition of a business to assist entities
with evaluating
whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals)
of assets or businesses. The definition of a business affects many areas of
accounting including acquisitions, disposals, goodwill and consolidation.
This standard is
effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the standard on January
1, 2019 using the prospective transition approach, with no material
financial statement
impact upon adoption.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other
(Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which eliminates
the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a
goodwill impairment change. ASU 2017-04 is effective prospectively for
fiscal years, and the interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the
standard on
January 1, 2019, with no material financial statement impact upon adoption.

In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815) Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities, which
improves the transparency and understandability of information conveyed to
financial statement
users about an entity’s risk management activities by better aligning the
entity’s financial reporting for hedging relationships with those risk
management activities; and reduces the complexity of and simplifies the
application of hedge
accounting by preparers. This standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company adopted the
standard on January 1, 2019 with no material financial statement impact upon
adoption.

F-18

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07,
Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee
Share-Based Payment Accounting. This standard expands the scope of Topic
718, Compensation—Stock Compensation(which currently only includes share-
based payments to employees) to include share-based payments issued to
nonemployees for goods or services. Consequently, the accounting for share-
based payments to nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned.
This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU
2018-07on January 1, 2019 with no material financial statement impact upon
adoption. 3. Unaudited Pro Forma Information Unaudited Pro Forma Balance
Sheet The unaudited pro forma balance sheet information as of December 31,
2019 assumes the automatic conversion of all shares of preferred stock
outstanding as of that date into an aggregate of 109,090,908 shares of the
Company’s common stock immediately prior to the closing of a qualifying
initial public offering (IPO). The shares of common stock issuable and the
proceeds expected to be received upon the closing of a qualifying IPO are
excluded from such pro forma financial information. Unaudited Pro Forma Net
Loss Per Share Unaudited pro forma basic net loss per share attributable to
common stockholders is computed to give effect to the automatic conversion
of all outstanding shares of the Company’s preferred stock into 109,090,908
shares of common stock. 4. Fair Value Measurements The following table sets
forth the Company’s financial instruments that were measured at fair value
by level within the fair value hierarchy on a recurring basis as of the
dates indicated (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2018                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                 Level   
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2       3       
            Locati…                                                         
  Liabi…                                                                    
  Inter…    Other                                                           
  Rate      non-cu…    $    3,397    $        —    $    3,397    $  —       
  Swap      liabil…                                                         
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2019                             
            Balance                                                 Level   
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2       3       
            Locati…                                                         
  Asset…                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $  340,532    $  340,532    $        —    $  —       
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
  Liabi…                                                                    
  Inter…    Accrued                                                         
  Rate      liabil…    $    5,336    $        —    $    5,336    $  —       
  Swap                                                                      
                                                                            
F-19

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 5. Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment,
net consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2018             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment                   $        28,756       $   29,505     
  Software and licenses                          2,133            2,994     
  Leasehold improvements                           726              754     
  Total property and equipment                  31,615           33,253     
  Less: accumulated depreciation               (23,088  )       (25,352  )  
  Total property and equipment, net    $         8,527       $    7,901     
                                                                            
Depreciation expenses were $7.6 million and $7.9 million for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019,
networking equipment under finance leases with a cost basis of $22.0 million
and $20.0 million, respectively, was included in computer equipment. 6.
Commitments and Contingencies Commitments—As of December 31, 2019, the
Company had $7.8 million and $3.0 million of non-cancelableminimum purchase
commitments, primarily related to a cloud solutions provider, and obtaining
rights to intellectual property from third-party developers, respectively.
Substantially all commitments are due within the next 12 months.
Contingencies—From time to time, the Company may have certain contingent
liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of business activities. The
Company accrues a liability for such matters when it is probable that future
expenditures will be made, and such expenditures can be reasonably
estimated. Legal Proceedings—The Company is involved from time to time in
litigation, claims, and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s legal
proceedings are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant
uncertainty. The Company records a liability when it is probable that a loss
has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is
determined that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss
can be estimated, the reasonably possible loss is disclosed. The Company
evaluates developments in legal matters that could affect the amount of
liability that has been previously accrued, and related reasonably possible
losses disclosed, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment
is required to determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount
of a loss related to such matters. To date, losses in connection with legal
proceedings have not been material. The Company expenses legal fees in the
period in which they are incurred. Indemnifications—The Company enters into
indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the
ordinary course of business, including certain customers, business partners,
investors, contractors and the Company’s officers, directors and certain
employees. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under
these indemnification provisions due to the Company’s limited history of
prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved
in each particular provision. To date, losses recorded in the Company’s
consolidated statements of operations in connection with the indemnification
provisions have not been material. As of December 31, 2019, the Company did
not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or
reasonably possible. F-20

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Non-incomeTaxes—The Company may be subject to audit by
various tax authorities with regard to non-incometax matters. The subject
matter of non-incometax audits primarily arises from different
interpretations on tax treatment and tax rates applied. The Company accrues
liabilities for non-incometaxes that may result from examinations by, or any
negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable
and reasonably estimable, and the expense is recorded as a reduction of
revenue or to general and administrative expenses depending on the nature of
the liability. 7. Acquisitions 2018 Acquisitions PeopleFun, Inc.—On March
31, 2018, the Company closed a stock purchase agreement with PeopleFun,
Inc., a Richardson, Texas based privately held company specializing in
mobile gaming. The Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of PeopleFun for a purchase price of $19.8 million in cash.
There was an additional earn-out(i.e., contingent consideration) to be paid
to the sellers of up to $79.2 million over five years, contingent on the
acquired company meeting certain terms as defined in the stock purchase
agreement. The fair value of the contingent consideration was $52.4 million
on the acquisition date. The closing consideration consisted of $19.8
million plus a net working capital adjustment of $1.7 million. Transaction
costs incurred in connection with the acquisition were $0.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 2018 and were recorded to general and administrative
expenses. This transaction has been accounted for as a business combination.
The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price and the
identifiable assets acquired as of the amendment date (in thousands):
                                                            
  Cash                                       $      714     
  Accounts receivable                             6,398     
  Prepaid expenses and other current                121     
  assets                                                    
  Intangible assets:                                        
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5              230     
  years                                                     
  Games—estimated useful life of 3 years         10,220     
  User install base—estimated useful life           400     
  of 3 months                                               
  Goodwill                                       61,790     
  Property and equipment                             42     
  Other assets                                       17     
  Accounts payable                               (2,947  )  
  Accrued expenses                               (3,049  )  
  Total purchase price                       $   73,936     
  Contingent consideration                      (52,429  )  
  Cash consideration                         $   21,507     
                                                            
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps, installed user-
base, and tradename. Goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes,
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the
identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. In December 2018, subsequent to the completion of this
acquisition, the terms of the earn-outpayment were amended to provide for a
one-timepayment by the Company of $41.6 million which includes 114,372
shares of the Company’s Class A common stock with a fair value of $0.2
million. The F-21

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 cash amount of $41.4 million was paid and 114,372
shares were issued in 2019. As the amendment to the terms of the earn-out
payment was based on facts and circumstances that did not exist as of the
acquisition date, a modification was made to the original terms and
conditions, and the Company recognized a gain of $10.8 million, representing
the difference between the carrying value of the contingent consideration
liability and the fair value of the amended payment, in the period the
amendment was made rather than recording a change to the purchase price. As
part of the agreement, the Company also agreed to issue restricted stock
awards for 3,120,738 shares of Class A common stock which vest ratably over
a two-yearservice period. These awards were issued in 2019. As the
restricted stock awards represented grants to employees for future service,
the Company accounts for these awards as stock-based compensation to
employees and recognizes the expense over the vesting period. MAX
Advertising Systems, Inc.—On September 4, 2018, the Company acquired MAX
Advertising Systems, Inc., a San Francisco, California based privately-held
company specializing in software solutions. The Company purchased all of the
outstanding capital stock of MAX Advertising Systems, Inc. for a purchase
price of $31.9 million in cash and $0.7 million in 438,240 shares of common
stock valued at $1.68 per share. Transaction costs incurred by the Company
in connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were $0.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2018 and were recorded to general
and administrative expenses. This transaction was accounted for as a
business combination. The following table summarizes the allocation of the
purchase price and the identifiable assets acquired as of the closing date
(in thousands):
                                                         
  Cash                                     $   1,093     
  Accounts receivable                             52     
  Prepaid expenses and other current              11     
  assets                                                 
  Intangible assets:                                     
  Developed technology—estimated useful        3,200     
  life of 3 years                                        
  Goodwill                                    30,038     
  Property and equipment                          32     
  Other assets                                   334     
  Accounts payable                            (2,124  )  
  Other current liabilities                       (1  )  
  Total purchase price                     $  32,635     
  Issuance of common stock                      (735  )  
  Cash consideration                       $  31,900     
                                                         
The cost approach was utilized to value the developed technology. Goodwill,
which is not deductible for tax purposes, represents the excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets and assumed
liabilities acquired and is primarily attributable to the assembled
workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition. 2019
Acquisitions Business Combinations—During the year ended December 31, 2019,
the Company acquired certain businesses for an aggregate purchase
consideration of $54.6 million. The fair value of the acquired components
was allocated to goodwill in the amount of $38.5 million, intangible assets
in the amount of $15.2 million, and $0.9 million of other tangible net
assets. These acquisitions are generally expected to enhance the Company’s
Software and expand its Apps. $51.6 million of the aggregate F-22

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

purchase consideration for these acquisitions was paid in cash with the
unpaid balance of $3.0 million attributed to the deferred consideration
expected to be paid within 12 months. The
weighted average amortization period of the acquired intangible assets was
3.5 years at acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

Recoded asset acquisition—In January 2019, the Company acquired a mobile
game App from an independent foreign-based mobile
game developer in exchange for an upfront cash consideration of $150.0
million and a deferred cash consideration of $90.0 million. The transaction
was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $240.0 million allocated to
the acquired
mobile game App, which will be amortized over five years. Additionally, the
Company entered into service and development agreements with the independent
game developer to support the initially acquired game App as well as to
develop new game Apps.
Based on the service agreement, the Company is required to make future one-
time earn-out payments, of either $60.0 million or $30.0 million per game
depending on the nature of the new game App
developed, subject to the achievement of a certain monthly revenue milestone
in the initial thirty-six months following the launch of a new game App. The
term of the service agreement is initially three years,
after which time the agreement is terminable by either party upon thirty
days’ written notice. Based on the development agreement, the Company is
also required to make future one-time earn-out payments,
during the term of six years, of $10.0 million to each of two additional new
game Apps developed, subject to the achievement of the same monthly revenue
milestone in the initial thirty-six months
following the launch of such game Apps.

Samfinaco Games asset acquisition—In August 2019, the Company acquired four
mobile game Apps from an entity based in Cyprus, which were developed by an
independent foreign-based mobile game developer, in exchange for an upfront
cash consideration of $131.6 million, a deferred cash consideration of $22.5
million
due in the next 15 months and future earn-out payments for each of the four
years from the date of the transaction which are based on the greater of (i)
a predetermined percentage of revenue or
(ii) a predetermined percentage of earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization generated by the acquired game Apps. The
transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $167.1 million
allocated to the acquired
mobile game Apps, $17.1 million allocated to deferred tax liability (see
Note 16, “Income Taxes,” for subsequent accounting) and the remaining $4.1
million allocated primarily to acquired cash, accounts receivable and
assumed
accounts payable. The recorded value of acquired mobile game Apps is
amortized over five years. During 2019, the Company recognized an earn-out
cost of $4.1 million by increasing the book value of the
initially acquired mobile game Apps, which is amortized over the remaining
useful life of the acquired game Apps. Additionally, the Company entered
into service and development agreements with the independent mobile game
developer to support the
initially acquired game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps. The
Company is required to make future earn-out payments based on performance
metrics of the newly developed game Apps which are similar to the
performance metrics of the initially acquired mobile game Apps during the
four years from the date of the transaction.

Other asset acquisition—In April 2019, the Company acquired certain assets
from an independent mobile game developer located in the United States in
exchange for an upfront cash consideration of $59.4 million and a deferred
cash
consideration of $10.5 million due in the next 15 months. The acquisition
was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $68.3 million allocated to a
user-base asset, $1.3 million to developed technology and $0.3 million to
other
assets. The recorded value of the acquired user-base asset is amortized over
seven years. The recorded value of the acquired developed technology is
amortized over two years.

Other insignificant asset acquisitions—In 2019, the Company acquired certain
assets through a number of other asset
acquisitions for an aggregated cash consideration of $16.2 million,
substantially all of which was attributable to acquired mobile game Apps.

F-23

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 8. Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets, Net The
following table presents goodwill activity (in thousands):
                                                 
  December 31, 2017                        —     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Additions                           98,645     
  Foreign currency translation             —     
  December 31, 2018                   98,645     
  Additions                           38,515     
  Foreign currency translation           (39  )  
  December 31, 2019               $  137,121     
                                                 
Acquired intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
        We…                                                                 
        Av…        As                             As                        
        Re…        of                             of                        
        Us…       De…                             D…                        
        Li…       31,                             3…                        
        (Y…       20…                             2…                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
        Gr…       Ac…       N…          Gr…       A…       Net              
        Ca…       Am…       B…          Ca…       A…       Bo…              
        Va…                 V…          Va…                Va…              
  L…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  A…    4.2    $  13…    $  (…  )    $  10…    $  4…    $  (6…  )    $  3…  
  U…    6.2       460       (…  )         —       6…       (7…  )       6…  
  b…                                                                        
  D…    2.4       3,…       (…  )       2,…       1…       (3…  )       1…  
  t…                                                                        
  O…    3.2       230       (…  )       195       8…       (1…  )       6…  
  T…                                                                        
  l…           $  16…    $  (…  )    $  13…    $  5…    $  (7…  )    $  4…  
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  S…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  A…    0.4    $  6,…    $  (…  )    $  1,…    $  1…    $  (1…  )    $  2…  
  T…                                                                        
  i…           $  23…    $  (…  )    $  14…    $  5…    $  (8…  )    $  4…  
  a…                                                                        
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, short-lived mobile Apps were included in
prepaid expenses and other current assets. The Company recorded amortization
expenses related to acquired intangible assets as follows (in thousands):
                                                       
                              Year Ended               
                            December 31,               
                                    2018         2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue        $         7,932    $  74,787  
  Sales and marketing                495        7,641  
  Total                  $         8,427    $  82,428  
                                                       
F-24

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 As of December 31, 2019, the expected future
amortization expense related to acquired intangible assets is estimated as
follows (in thousands):
                            
  2020          $  103,864  
  2021             101,439  
  2022              98,378  
  2023              96,557  
  2024              31,035  
  Thereafter        12,057  
  Total         $  443,330  
                            
9. Leases Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently issued amendments require a
lessee to recognize leases with a term greater than 12 months on the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company adopted the standard using the
optional transition method, by which entities may elect not to recast the
comparative periods presented in financial statements and recognize a
cumulative effect adjustment in the period of adoption. The comparative
period presented is not adjusted and, therefore, those amounts are not
presented below. The Company elected the package of transition practical
expedients available for expired or existing contracts, which allowed the
Company to carryforward the historical assessments of (1) whether contracts
are or contain leases, (2) lease classification and (3) initial direct
costs. Also, for leases with a term greater than 12 months, the Company
records the related right-of-useasset and lease liability at the present
value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company does not separate
lease and non-leasecomponents of contracts for real estate property leases.
The Company leases real estate property under operating leases. The Company
also leases networking equipment under arrangements with certain providers
of IT infrastructure services which were accounted as finance leases or
short-term operating leases. The Company’s leases do not provide a readily
determinable implicit rate. Therefore, the Company estimates its incremental
borrowing rate to discount the lease payments based on information available
at lease commencement. The Company determines its incremental borrowing rate
based on the rate of interest it would have to pay to borrow on a
collateralized basis with an equal lease payment amount, over a similar
term, and in a similar economic environment. Operating Leases—The Company
leases real estate property at approximately 10 locations. These leases are
classified as operating leases. As of December 31, 2019, the remaining lease
terms varied from 6 months to 7.5 years. For certain leases the Company has
options to extend the lease term for periods varying from 2 to 5 years.
These renewal options are not considered in the remaining lease term unless
it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. For
leases with an initial term of 12 months or longer, the Company has recorded
a right-of-useasset and lease liability representing the fixed component of
the lease payments. The Company leases networking equipment from two vendors
under month-to-monthlease arrangements with renewal options. The renewal
options are included in the lease term because it is reasonably certain that
the Company will exercise such options. For one of the vendors the lease
term is 12 months, and such leases are classified as short-term leases. F-25

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The table below presents the operating lease-related
assets and liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                      As of                                 
                               December 31,       Balance Sheet             
                                       2019       Classification            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease                                 Operating lease           
  right-of-use              $        14,895       right-of-use assets       
  assets                                                                    
  Current operating         $         2,510       Accrued liabilities       
  lease liabilities                                                         
  Non-current operating     $        12,745       Other non-current         
  lease liabilities                               liabilities               
  Weighted-average                     6.02                                 
  remaining term (years)                                                    
  Weighted-average                      6.0  %                              
  discount rate                                                             
                                                                            
The table below presents certain information related to the lease costs for
operating leases which are allocated to cost of revenue, sales and
marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses
(in thousands):
                                                        
                                Year Ended              
                              December 31,              
                                      2018        2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease cost     $         2,784    $  3,520  
  Short-term lease cost              3,559       3,231  
  Variable lease cost                  276         479  
  Total lease cost         $         6,619    $  7,230  
                                                        
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease
liabilities was $3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2019.
Networking Equipment Finance Leases—Leases from one of the two networking
equipment vendors have a term of 42 months and are classified as finance
leases. The Company has recorded a right-of-useasset and lease liability
representing the fixed component of the lease payments. The table below
presents the finance lease-related assets and liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                      As of                                 
                               December 31,       Balance Sheet             
                                       2019       Classification            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Finance lease                                   Property and equipment,   
  right-of-use              $         2,343       net                       
  assets                                                                    
  Current finance lease     $         1,387       Accrued liabilities       
  liabilities                                                               
  Non-current finance       $           940       Other non-current         
  lease liabilities                               liabilities               
  Weighted-average                     0.49                                 
  remaining term (years)                                                    
  Weighted-average                      6.0  %                              
  discount rate                                                             
                                                                            
The Company recognized depreciation expenses related to finance lease of
networking equipment of $5.7 million and $5.5 million for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The Company recognized interest
expenses related to finance lease of networking equipment of $0.4 million,
and $0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance
lease liabilities was $5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2019.
F-26

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Undiscounted Cash Flow—The table below reconciles the
undiscounted cash flows for each of the first five years and total of the
remaining years to the operating and finance lease liabilities recorded in
the consolidated balance sheets under ASC 840 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                          As of December 31,                                
                                        2018                                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                        Real       Networking               
                                      Estate        Equipment        Total  
                                   Operating          Capital               
                                      Leases           Leases               
  2019                 $               2,852    $       3,093    $   5,945  
  2020                                 3,002            1,623        4,625  
  2021                                 3,092              865        3,957  
  2022                                 2,663              118        2,781  
  2023                                 1,789                —        1,789  
  Thereafter                               —                —            —  
  Total minimum        $              13,398            5,699    $  19,097  
  lease payments                                                            
  Less: amount                                                              
  representing                                            365               
  interest                                                                  
  Present value of                                                          
  future minimum                                        5,334               
  lease                                                                     
  payments                                                                  
  Less: current                                                             
  obligations under                                     2,853               
  leases                                                                    
  Non-current lease                             $       2,481               
  obligations                                                               
                                                                            
The table below reconciles the undiscounted cash flows for each of the first
five years and total of the remaining years to the operating and finance
lease liabilities recorded in the consolidated balance sheets under ASC 842
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                          As of December 31,                                
                                        2019                                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                        Real       Networking               
                                      Estate        Equipment        Total  
                                   Operating          Finance               
                                      Leases           Leases               
  2020                 $               3,319    $       1,649    $   4,968  
  2021                                 3,345              890        4,235  
  2022                                 2,719              140        2,859  
  2023                                 2,332                —        2,332  
  2024                                 1,950                —        1,950  
  Thereafter                           4,288                —        4,288  
  Total lease                         17,953            2,679       20,632  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: amount                                                              
  representing                         2,698              352        3,050  
  interest                                                                  
  Present value of                                                          
  future lease                        15,255            2,327       17,582  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: current                                                             
  obligations under                    2,510            1,387        3,897  
  leases                                                                    
  Non-current lease    $              12,745    $         940    $  13,685  
  obligations                                                               
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2019, the Company had additional real estate leases that
had not yet commenced with aggregate future lease payments of approximately
$5.4 million. These leases are expected to commence in the year ending
December 31, 2020. 10. Credit Agreement and Convertible Notes Convertible
Notes—In September 2017, the Company issued two convertible promissory notes
to AppLovin Holdings LLC and Kuntai Technology Investment (“HK”) Limited in
the amount of $233.3 million and $8.4 million, respectively. In November
2017, the Company issued an additional $600 million F-27

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 convertible promissory note to AppLovin Holdings LLC
(collectively, the “Convertible Notes”). Interest was payable quarterly at a
rate equal to the lower of: (a) the highest lawful rate, or (b) 7% per
annum. The Convertible Notes issued in September 2017 were to mature on
September 27, 2025. The Convertible Note issued in November 2017 was to
mature on March 27, 2025. On July 15, 2018, the Company and AppLovin Capital
LP entered into a Payoff and Release Agreement whereby the Company made a
cash payment of $1,183.0 million to AppLovin Capital LP and modified the
warrant granted to AppLovin Holdings LLC to purchase shares of Class A
common stock (see Note 13) as full settlement of all of the Company’s
obligations under the Convertible Notes, which resulted in a loss on
settlement of debt of $422.7 million. The loss on settlement of debt, is
recorded in interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, net. Credit
Agreement—On August 15, 2018 (“Closing Date”), the Company entered into a
Credit Agreement which provides for senior secured credit consisting of (i)
a term loan in an aggregate principal amount of $820.0 million and (ii) a
revolving credit facility of $50.0 million. The term loan available under
the Credit Agreement was fully drawn on the Closing Date and the proceeds of
the term loan were used to refinance the Convertible Notes. On April 23,
2019, the Credit Agreement was amended to increase the principal amount of
the term loan by an aggregate amount of $400.0 million, on terms identical
to those applicable to the existing term loan. The term loan will mature on
the seventh anniversary of the Closing Date. The term loan principal balance
will be paid in equal quarterly installments of $3.1 million, with the
balance payable due on August 15, 2025, the maturity date. The Credit
Agreement requires the Company to prepay, subject to certain exceptions, the
term loan with:
                                                                            
       100% of net cash proceeds above a threshold amount of certain asset  
       sales, certain debt incurrences and casualty events,                 
       subject to, in the case of asset sales, casualty events, and sale    
       leasebacks, (i) step-downs to (x) 50% if the Company’s consolidated  
  •    first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than    
       or equal to 3.50 to 1.00, but greater                                
       than 2.50 to 1.00 and (y) 0% if the Company’s consolidated first     
       lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or       
       equal to 2.50 to 1.00, and (ii) reinvestment rights and certain      
       other exceptions;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       50% of annual excess cash flow above a threshold amount, subject to  
       (i) a step-down to 25% if the Company’s                              
       consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio    
       is less than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00, but greater than 3.50 to      
       1.00, and (ii) a step-down to 0% if the Company’s first lien net     
       leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.50                         
  •    to 1.00; provided that such prepayment is required only in the       
       amount (if any) by which such prepayment exceeds $10 million in      
       such fiscal year. The amount of excess cash flow is subject to       
       certain deductions and exceptions, including a                       
       dollar-for-dollar reduction based on the amount of voluntary         
       prepayments of term loans and loans under the revolving credit       
       facility (to the extent accompanied by a permanent commitment        
       reduction); and                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                         
  •    100% of the net cash proceeds of certain other debt incurrences.  
                                                                         
The Company has the right to prepay the term loan, in whole or in part, at
any time without premium or penalty, subject to certain limitations and a
1.00% prepayment premium applicable during the first six months following
the Closing Date. The revolving credit facility will mature on the fifth
anniversary of the Closing Date. The term loan and the revolving credit
loans bear interest due on a quarterly basis at a rate equal to an
applicable margin plus, at the Company’s option, either (a) a base rate
equal to the highest of F-28

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 (i) the prime rate then in effect, (ii) the federal
funds rate, plus 0.50% and (iii) the LIBOR rate, plus 1.0% (the “base
rate”), or (b) an adjusted LIBOR rate (the “LIBOR rate”). The applicable
margin with respect to the current term loan is equal to 3.50% in the case
of LIBOR rate loans and 2.50% in the case of base rate loans. After the
closing of the initial sale of shares of common stock in an underwritten
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act (the “IPO”), the LIBOR rate and the base rate shall be
subject to a step-down of 0.25% each. The applicable margin with respect to
revolving credit loans is equal to 2.50% in the case of LIBOR rate and 1.50%
in the case of base rate loans. The Company incurred $34.5 million of
discounts and debt issuance costs in connection with the term loan which
were capitalized and recorded as a reduction to the carrying amount of the
term loan in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company amortizes these
costs to interest expense under the effective interest rate method. During
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company recognized total
interest expense of $19.3 million and $65.9 million, respectively. This
amount is included in interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, net.
The Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by
substantially all of the assets of AppLovin and AppLovin’s domestic
subsidiary guarantors (other than customarily excluded assets). The Credit
Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including
covenants limiting the ability of AppLovin and its restricted subsidiaries
to, among other things, incur debt, grant liens, undergo certain fundamental
business changes, make investments, pay-outdividends to third parties,
dispose of assets, and enter into transactions with affiliates, in each
case, subject to limitations and exceptions set forth in the Credit
Agreement. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default
that include, among other things, certain payment defaults, cross defaults
to other indebtedness, covenant defaults, change of control defaults,
judgment defaults, and bankruptcy and insolvency defaults. If an event of
default exists, the lenders may require the immediate payment of all
obligations under the Credit Agreement and may exercise certain other rights
and remedies provided for under the Credit Agreement, the other loan
documents and applicable law. As of December 31, 2019, the Company was in
compliance with all of the covenants. The future principal payments for the
term loan as of December 31, 2019 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                            
  2020                                     $     12,210     
  2021                                           12,210     
  2022                                           12,210     
  2023                                           12,210     
  2024                                           12,210     
  Thereafter                                  1,147,743     
  Total outstanding term loan principal       1,208,793     
  Unaccreted discount and debt issuance         (28,209  )  
  costs                                                     
  Total debt                                  1,180,584     
  Less: short-term debt                          12,210     
  Long-term debt                           $  1,168,374     
                                                            
11. Derivative Instruments The Company manages exposure to market risk
associated with fluctuating interest rates with the use of interest rate
derivative financial instruments, namely interest rate swaps. The Company
does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. On November
14, 2018, the Company entered F-29

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

into an interest rate swap agreement as part of its interest rate risk
management strategy in connection with the term loan (See Note 10). The
notional amount for the swap is $410.0 million,
the company has entered into receive-variable (one-month LIBOR) and pay-
fixed (2.9065%) interest rate swap, expiring December 31, 2020,with
settlement
date commencing on the last calendar day of each month and reset date on
first day of each month beginning December 31, 2018.

The Company applies the hedge accounting provisions of the critical terms
match hedge, and formally documents at inception all
relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its
risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking the various
hedges. The critical terms of the swap and hedged item coincide (notional
amount, interest rate reset
dates, interest rate payment dates, and underlying index), the hedge is
expected to offset changes in expected cash flows due to fluctuations in
one-month LIBOR over the term of the hedge. Therefore, the
effectiveness of the hedge relationship will be assessed each quarter by
comparing the current terms of the swap and the debt to assure they continue
to coincide and through an evaluation of the continued ability of the
counterparty to the swap to
honor its obligations under the swap. Should the critical terms no longer
match exactly, hedge effectiveness (both prospective and retrospective) will
be assessed by evaluating the cumulative dollar-offset ratio for the actual
derivative and
the hedged item.

Unrealized changes in the fair value of derivatives accounted for as a
critical term match hedge is reported in
other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified to earnings
in the same period or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction
affects earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the
Company recognized
zero and $2.7 million, respectively, of realized loss related to hedged
transaction which were recorded in interest expense and loss on settlement
of debt, net. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the settlement value of the
interest rate
swap liability before tax effect was $3.4 million and $5.3 million,
respectively, and is included in other accrued liabilities and other non-
current liabilities and reported in other comprehensive
income (loss). The interest rate swap contract will expire on December 31,
2020 and the settlement value of the interest rate swap liability of $5.3
million is expected to be reclassified to earnings.

12. Convertible Preferred Stock

On
July 13, 2018, the Company signed an agreement with KKR Denali Holdings,
L.P. (“KKR Denali”) for a $400.0 million equity investment by KKR Denali.
Pursuant to such agreement, on August 15, 2018, the Company issued
109,090,908 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to KKR Denali in exchange for
their investment.

The Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation designates and authorizes 109,090,908
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.00003 par value per share, of the
Company.

The holders of Series A convertible preferred stock have various rights and
preferences as follows:

Voting—Each share of convertible preferred stock has voting rights equal to
an equivalent number of shares of common stock
into which it is convertible and votes together as one class with the common
stock, except as below:

Holders of Series A
convertible preferred stock, voting together as a single class on an as-
converted basis, are entitled to certain protective provisions which require
a majority of holders of preferred stock to approve, among
other actions, a liquidation event, an amendment, waiver, or repeal of
provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
in a way that adversely affects the rights, privileges and obligations of
the preferred stock, a
change to the number of directors of the Company, and a declaration or
payment of any dividend.

F-30

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Holders of Series A convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class,
are
entitled to elect two members to the Company’s Board of Directors (the
“Board”). Holders of common stock, voting as a separate class, are entitled
to elect five members to the Board of Directors. Holders of common stock and
preferred
stock, voting together as a single class on an as converted basis, are
entitled to elect all remaining directors.

Dividends—The holders of Series A convertible preferred stock shall be
entitled to receive, out of any funds legally
available, dividends on a pari-passu basis to any dividends paid on the
common stock, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations, and similar transactions, when, as and if declared by the
Board of Directors. No
dividends have been declared or paid on the Company’s preferred stock.

Liquidation Preference—In the event of any
liquidation, dissolution, or winding-up of the Company, the holders of
preferred stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any
distribution of the assets or funds of the Company to the
holders of the common stock, an amount equal to the issuance price per share
of $3.67 for Series A convertible preferred stock, as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations, and similar
transactions, plus any
declared but unpaid dividends (the “Liquidation Preference”). If the Company
has insufficient assets to permit payment of the Liquidation Preference in
full to all holders of preferred stock, then the assets of the Company shall
be
distributed ratably to the holders of preferred stock in proportion to the
Liquidation Preference such holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

After payment of the Liquidation Preference to the holders of preferred
stock, the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed
ratably to the holders of common stock. If the holders of preferred stock
would have been entitled to a larger distribution had they converted their
shares to common stock, then the preferred stock will be deemed to have
converted to common stock.

Redemption—Series A convertible preferred stock are not redeemable.

Conversion—Each share of preferred stock is convertible at the option of the
holder, at any time after the date of issuance
of such share, into shares of Class A common stock as is determined by
dividing the original purchase price of preferred stock by the conversion
price in effect at the time of conversion for such series of preferred
stock. The conversion price
per share of Series A convertible preferred stock is $3.67. The conversion
ratio for convertible preferred stock is one-to-one.

Each share of preferred stock will automatically be converted into shares of
common stock at the then-effective conversion rate of such
shares upon the earlier of (i) the closing of a firm commitment underwritten
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of common
stock of the
Company to the public not less than $75.0 million or (ii) the consent of
holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding shares of preferred
stock, voting together as a single class on an
as-converted basis.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with the
IPO, if (a) the price per share of common stock sold to the public in such
IPO as set forth on the cover of the Company’s final prospectus (prior to
underwriting discounts and expenses) (the “IPO Price”) is less than the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock prior to giving effect to
this provision, then the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be adjusted downward to an amount equal to the IPO Price (the “IPO
Conversion
Price Adjustment”) and the Conversion Price of the Series A preferred stock
as so adjusted shall be used to determine the number of shares of Class A
common stock to be received by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock upon
conversion of the Series A preferred stock in connection with the IPO. The
IPO Conversion Price Adjustment, if any, shall occur as of immediately prior
to the effectiveness of the Company’s registration statement for such IPO.

F-31

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Anti-Dilution Protection—Series A convertible
preferred stock have antidilution protection. If the antidilution protection
for the preferred stock is triggered, the conversion price will be subject
to a broad-based weighted-average adjustment to reduce dilution. 13. Common
Stock The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as restated as of
May 20, 2020, authorizes the Company to issue 429,600,000 shares of common
stock, consisting of 386,400,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.00003
par value per share, and 43,200,000 shares of Class F common stock, $0.00003
par value per share. The holders of the Class F common stock and the holders
of the Class A common stock shall be entitled to receive dividends from time
to time when declared by the Board of Directors in the form of shares of
common stock or rights to acquire common stock. In the event of any
consolidation, merger, or other combination transactions in which shares of
common stock are exchanged for or converted into other stock or securities,
the shares of Class F common stock and Class A common stock shall be
entitled to be exchanged or converted into the same kind. The number of
common stock shares authorized, issued, outstanding and reserved for future
issuance as of December 31, 2019 are as follows:
                                                                            
                                    Shares     Issued and          Options  
                                Authorized    Outstanding    Available for  
                                                   Shares    Future Grants  
  Common Stock A               360,000,000    177,593,772      182,406,228  
  Common Stock F                43,200,000     42,564,150          635,850  
  Total shares of Common       403,200,000    220,157,922      183,042,078  
  Stock                                                                     
                                                                            
Voting Rights—The holders of the Class A and Class F common stock shall vote
together as a single class on all matters to be voted on by the holders.
Each holder shall vote all Class A and Class F shares held by such holder
and has the right to one vote for each share. So long as a majority of the
shares of Class F common stock outstanding as of the date of the Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as restated as of May 20, 2020,
remain outstanding, holders of Class F common stock, voting together as a
single class on an as-convertedbasis, are entitled to certain protective
provisions which require a majority of holders of Class F common stock to
approve, among other actions, a liquidation event, an amendment, waiver, or
repeal of provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws in a way that adversely affects the rights, privileges and
obligations of the Class F stock, a change to the number of directors of the
Company, and a declaration or payment of any dividend.
Distribution—Distributions can be made by the Company to holders of the
shares in cash, property, dividend, or distributions upon the occurrence of
a liquidity event due to insolvency, sale of the Company, or otherwise.
Distributions shall be made to the Class A stockholders and Class F
stockholders pro rata to each such holder in accordance with the number of
Class A and Class F shares held by each such holder, until the cumulative
number of distributions made with respect to the Class A and Class F shares
equals the sum of their respective capital contributions.
Liquidation—Distributions to the stockholders upon liquidation may be made
in cash or noncash property, or partly in cash and partly noncash property,
as determined by the Board of Directors; provided, that the allocation
between cash and noncash property shall be distribution pro rata in
accordance with the number of shares held by the stockholders. The assets of
the Company shall be applied first to repay any indebtedness and other
liabilities of the Company, second to any reserves with the Board of
Directors reasonably deems necessary for contingent or unforeseen
liabilities or obligations of the Company, and third, the stockholders based
on their pro rata share. F-32

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Conversion—Each share of Class F common stock is convertible at the
option of the holder, at any time after the date of issuance of such share,
into one share of Class A common stock. Additionally, a share of Class F
common stock will automatically be converted into one of share of Class A
common
stock upon (i) the sale of such share of Class F common stock (subject to
certain exceptions), or (ii) the death of the holder.

Each share of Class F common stock will automatically be converted into one
share of Class A common stock upon the earlier of
(i) an initial public offering of the Company’s stock or (ii) the consent of
holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class F
common stock.

Further, if a share of Class F common stock is purchased by an investor in
connection with an equity financing, approved by the
Board, in which the aggregate Class F common stock sold does not constitute
more than 15% of the preferred stock offered by the Company in the equity
financing, a holder may elect to convert such share of Class F common stock
into a share
of a subsequent series of preferred stock.

Warrant—On September 27, 2017, in connection with the issuance of the
Convertible Notes, the Company also issued a warrant to AppLovin Holdings
LLC to purchase Class A common stock (“Warrant”), which is exercisable only
after the entire outstanding Convertible Notes are converted at an exercise
price of $0.00003 per share. The number of shares subject to purchase under
the Warrant was contingent on the Company meeting defined adjusted net
income targets in 2017 and 2018. The Warrant had an expiration date of
September 27, 2025.

As a result of the Payoff and Release Agreement, the Warrant was modified
whereby it was no longer contingently exercisable upon
conversion of the entire outstanding balance of the Convertible Notes and
was exercisable for the purchase of 34,816,317 shares of Class A common
stock. The fair value of the Warrant on the modification was $58.4 million,
which was
recorded to additional paid-in capital and included in the interest expense
and loss on settlement of debt, net (see Note 10). The fair value of the
Warrant was determined to be its intrinsic value, which
approximated the fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.

On January 3, 2019, AppLovin entered into a Warrant
Transfer Agreement with AppLovin Holdings LLC granting the transfer of the
Warrant to Angel Pride Holdings Limited and Hontai App Fund Limited
Partnership in the amount of 26,021,583 shares and 8,794,734 shares of Class
A common stock,
respectively. Subsequently, Angel Pride Holding Limited and Hontai App Fund
Limited Partnership exercised their rights to purchase the Company’s Class A
common stock and each paid $868 and $293, respectively.

14. Stock-based Compensation

The
Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) provides for the granting
of stock options to employees, consultants, and advisors of the Company.
Options granted under the Plan may be either incentive stock options or
nonqualified
stock options. Incentive stock options may be granted only to Company
employees, including officers and directors who are also employees.
Nonqualified stock options may be granted to Company employees, consultants
and advisors. The Plan also
provides for grants of restricted stock. As of December 31, 2019, the
Company reserved 125,316,000 shares of Class A common stock for issuance
under the Plan. Options remaining available for issuance under the Plan were
14,591,349 as
of December 31, 2019. Options under the Plan may be granted for periods of
up to 10 years and generally vest over four years.

F-33

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The Company’s activity under the Plan and related
information for the year ended December 31, 2019 was as follows:
                                                                            
                                                                  Weighted  
                                                   Weighted        Average  
                                                    Average      Remaining  
                                                   Exercise    Contractual  
                               Number of          Price Per           Term  
                                 Options              Share        (Years)  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at December 31,     8,370,552       $       2.66            9.2  
  2018                                                                      
  Granted                     12,199,200               4.36                 
  Exercised                   (1,011,873  )            2.61                 
  Forfeited                   (1,158,528  )            2.82                 
  Expired                         (4,221  )            2.81                 
  Balances at December 31,    18,395,130       $       3.78            9.2  
  2019                                                                      
  Vested and exercisable                                                    
  at December 31,             10,107,897       $       3.77            9.2  
  2019                                                                      
  Vested and expected to                                                    
  vest at December            17,248,344       $       3.84            9.3  
  31, 2019                                                                  
                                                                            
The intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and 2019,
was $0.1 million and $23.4 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2018
and 2019, there was approximately $9.6 million and $26.8 million,
respectively, of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested
options granted, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-
average vesting period of 3.4 years. Early Exercise of Stock Options—Subject
to board approval, the Plan allows for the early exercise of options
granted. Under the terms of the Plan, option holders, upon early exercise,
must sign a restricted stock purchase agreement that gives the Company the
right to repurchase any unvested shares, at the original exercise price, in
the event the optionees’ employment terminates for any reason. The right to
exercise options before they are vested does not change existing vesting
schedules in any way and the early exercised options may not be sold or
transferred before they are vested. The repurchase right lapses over time as
the shares vest at the same rate as the original option vesting schedule.
The cash amounts received in exchange for these early exercised shares are
recorded as a liability on the accompanying balance sheets and reclassified
into common stock and additional paid-in-capitalas the shares vest. The
Company’s right to repurchase these shares lapses by 1/4 thof the shares on
the one-yearanniversary of the vesting start date and ratably each month
over the next 36-months. The Company has 328,152 shares and 11,337 shares of
Class A common stock subject to repurchase as of December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively. The liability for the repurchase as of December 31, 2018 and
2019 included in accrued liabilities was $0.3 million and $0.1 million,
respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2019 , the Company provided
financing to certain employees in the form of promissory notes to early
exercise stock options. These promissory notes are partially collateralized
by shares and in-substanceare nonrecourse. For accounting purposes,
exercised options via nonrecourse promissory notes are not substantive and
are continued to be treated as options. As of December 31, 2019, the Company
has 5,760,000 shares of Class A common stock options that were exercised via
nonrecourse promissory notes of which 4,601,877 shares were unvested and
subject to repurchase. The principal balances of nonrecourse promissory
notes outstanding amounted to $20.0 million as of December 31, 2019. There
were no nonrecourse promissory notes outstanding in connection with
exercises of stock options as of December 31, 2018. F-34

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Restricted Stock—Restricted stock awards are
classified as equity awards based on the requirements established by the
applicable accounting rules for stock-based compensation. The fair value of
the restricted stock awards was determined based on the price of the
Company’s valuation on the date of grant as approved by the Company’s board
of directors. The Company’s activity of the outstanding restricted stock
awards for Class A common stock for the year ended December 31, 2019 was as
follows:
                                                                         
                                    Number of                            
                                   Restricted          Weighted Average  
                                        Stock           Grant Date Fair  
                                       Awards           Value per Share  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at December 31, 2018     3,664,653       $              1.68  
  Granted                           3,267,792                      1.97  
  Repurchased                         (59,637  )                   1.68  
  Vested                           (2,948,394  )                   1.83  
  Balances at December 31, 2019     3,924,414       $              1.81  
                                                                         
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, there was $5.6 million and $6.7 million,
respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested
restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 1.6 years. Stock-Based Compensation
Expense—During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company
granted stock options to purchase 8,764,428 and 12,199,200 shares of common
stock, with a weighted-average grant date fair value of $1.49 and $1.97 per
share, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense for 2018 and 2019 was
composed of the following (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                                2018         2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Employee awards                           $  4,612    $   8,413  
  Non-employee awards                            853        1,809  
  Total stock-based compensation expense    $  5,465    $  10,222  
                                                                   
The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense for the periods
indicated as follows (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                                2018         2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue                           $    517    $     124  
  Sales and marketing                          2,582        1,922  
  Research and development                     1,009        5,009  
  General and administrative                   1,357        3,167  
  Total stock-based compensation expense    $  5,465    $  10,222  
                                                                   
The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of employee
stock options granted are as follows:
                                                                
                                      Year Ended                
                                    December 31,                
                                            2018       2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected term            6.00       6.05     
  Expected volatility                         62  %      43  %  
  Risk-free interest rate                   2.58  %    1.91  %  
  Dividend yield                               0  %       0  %  
                                                                
F-35

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the
fair value of non-employeestock options granted are as follows:
                                                                
                                      Year Ended                
                                    December 31,                
                                            2018       2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected term            9.37       6.04     
  Expected volatility                         63  %      45  %  
  Risk-free interest rate                   3.01  %    1.97  %  
  Dividend yield                               0  %       0  %  
                                                                
The expected term of stock options represents the weighted-average period
the stock options are expected to remain outstanding and is based on the
average of the options’ contractual term and the options’ vesting period, as
the Company did not have sufficient historical information to develop
reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting
employment termination behavior. The expected stock price volatility
assumption was determined by examining the historical volatilities for
industry peers, as the Company did not have any trading history for its
common stock. The Company will continue to analyze the historical stock
price volatility and expected term assumptions as more historical data for
the Company’s common stock becomes available. The risk-free rate assumption
is based on the U.S. Treasury instruments whose term was consistent with the
expected term of the Company’s stock options. The expected dividend
assumption is based on the Company’s history and expectation of dividend
payouts. F-36

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 15. Net Income (Loss) Per Share The following table
sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share
attributable to common stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2018
and 2019 (in thousands, except share and per share data):
                                                                            
                               Year Ended December                          
                                               31,                          
                                              2018                 2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic EPS                                                                 
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income (loss)       $               (259,995  )    $      119,040     
  Less:                                                                     
  Income attributable                                                       
  to convertible                                 —              (39,500  )  
  preferred stock                                                           
  Income attributable                                                       
  to options exercises                           —               (1,088  )  
  by promissory notes                                                       
  Income attributable                                                       
  to unvested early                              —                  (39  )  
  exercised options                                                         
  Income attributable                            —               (2,037  )  
  to unvested RSA’s                                                         
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to         $               (259,995  )    $       76,376     
  common                                                                    
  stock                                                                     
  Denominator:                                                              
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 189,533,630          210,937,147     
  (loss) per share:                                                         
  Basic                                                                     
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  per share                                                                 
  attributable            $                  (1.37  )    $         0.36     
  to common stock:                                                          
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted EPS                                                               
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income (loss)                       (259,995  )    $      119,040     
  Less:                                                                     
  Income attributable                                                       
  to convertible                                 —              (39,329  )  
  preferred stock                                                           
  Income attributable                                                       
  to options exercises                           —               (1,083  )  
  by promissory notes                                                       
  Income attributable                                                       
  to unvested early                              —                  (39  )  
  exercised options                                                         
  Income attributable                            —               (2,028  )  
  to unvested RSA’s                                                         
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to         $               (259,995  )    $       76,561     
  common                                                                    
  stock                                                                     
  Denominator:                                                              
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 189,533,630          210,937,147     
  (loss) per share:                                                         
  Basic                                                                     
  Weighted-average                                                          
  dilutive stock                                 —            1,428,282     
  options                                                                   
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 189,533,630          212,365,429     
  (loss) per share:                                                         
  Diluted                                                                   
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  per share                                                                 
  attributable            $                  (1.37  )    $         0.36     
  to common stock:                                                          
  Diluted                                                                   
                                                                            
16. Income Taxes Net income before income taxes for the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2019, includes the following components (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                            Year Ended                      
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2018             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  U.S.                                 $      (286,809  )    $  149,797     
  Foreign                                       46,550          (23,563  )  
  Net income (loss) before income      $      (240,259  )    $  126,234     
  tax                                                                       
                                                                            
F-37

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes for 2018 and
2019 consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                           
                                           Year Ended                      
                                         December 31,                      
                                                 2018             2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current:                                                                 
  Federal                             $        16,905       $   23,703     
  State                                           689            1,888     
  Foreign                                       1,329              568     
                                               18,923           26,159     
  Deferred:                                                                
  Federal                                         993             (720  )  
  State                                           (31  )           (99  )  
  Foreign                                        (149  )       (18,146  )  
                                                  813          (18,965  )  
  Total provision for income taxes    $        19,736       $    7,194     
                                                                           
The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to the effective
income tax rate is as follows:
                                                                            
                                            Year Ended                      
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2018             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax provision (benefit) at U.S.                                           
  federal                              $       (50,454  )    $   26,509     
  statutory rate                                                            
  State income taxes, net of                                                
  federal                                          539            1,412     
  benefit                                                                   
  Foreign income taxed at different             (9,690  )         2,887     
  rates                                                                     
  Change in foreign deferred tax                     —          (17,143  )  
  rate                                                                      
  Global intangible low-taxed                    7,453                —     
  income                                                                    
  Stock-based compensation                         830            1,671     
  Note premium costs                            67,018                —     
  Foreign-derived intangible income             (6,246  )        (8,600  )  
  Warrant expense                               12,259                —     
  Research and development credits                (933  )        (1,025  )  
  Effect of the Tax Act—transition               1,074                —     
  tax                                                                       
  Other                                         (2,114  )         1,483     
  Total provision for income taxes     $        19,736       $    7,194     
                                                                            
In August 2019, the Company acquired certain mobile game apps from an entity
based in Cyprus. A deferred tax liability was created due to basis
differences of assets acquired. In December 2019, pursuant to a year-end
restructuring, the Company changed the tax residency of the operations
related to the mobile game apps acquired. Accordingly, the deferred tax
liability associated with basis differences in Cyprus was reduced by $17.1
million. In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“Tax Act”) was
enacted into law and the new legislation contains several key provisions
that affected the Company, including a reduction of the federal corporate
income tax rate to 21% effective January 1, 2018. F-38

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following summarizes the current and deferred tax
assets and liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                    As of December 31,                      
  Deferred tax assets:                            2018             2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued expenses and           $                 165       $    1,871     
  reserves                                                                  
  Stock-based compensations                        358            1,134     
  Advanced payments                                 24                —     
  Tax credit carryforwards                         595              183     
  Federal benefit from state                       357              553     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net operating loss                               864            2,959     
  Interest rate swap                                 —            1,171     
  Interest expense                               3,160                —     
  Identified intangibles                             —            6,028     
  Lease liability                                1,136            3,785     
  Total deferred tax assets                      6,659           17,684     
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                 
  Depreciation and                              (1,557  )        (8,419  )  
  amortization                                                              
  Identified intangibles                        (2,939  )             —     
  Right of use assets                                —           (3,270  )  
  Total deferred tax                            (4,496  )       (11,689  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Net deferred tax assets        $               2,163       $    5,995     
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company has federal net operating loss
carryforwards of $3.0 million and $2.8 million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. The net operating losses are not subject to
expiration. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, there was no federal tax
credit carryforwards to offset future tax liability. As of December 31, 2018
and 2019, the Company has California net operating loss carryforwards of
$3.0 million and $3.8 million, respectively, to reduce future taxable
income. The net operating losses will begin to expire in 2037. As of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had California tax credit
carryforwards of $1.7 million and $1.4 million, respectively, to offset
future tax liability. The credit carryforwards are not subject to
expiration. In assessing the realizability of the Company’s deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management’s assessment is based on the
weight of available evidence, including cumulative losses since inception
and expected future losses and as such, management believes it is more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. Accordingly,
no valuation allowance has been established. Internal Revenue Code Section
382 places a limitation on the amount of taxable income that can be offset
by net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits after a greater than 50%
change in control in ownership; California has similar rules. The Company’s
capitalization described herein may have resulted in such a change.
Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to annual
limitations under IRC Section 382 and similar state provisions. The annual
limitation may result in the expiration of the net operating loss
carryforwards before utilization. The Company has not provided U.S. income
or foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, because it intends to F-39

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 permanently reinvest such earnings outside of the U.S.
If these foreign earnings were to be repatriated in the future, the related
U.S. tax liability will be immaterial, due to the participation exemption
put in place in the Tax Act. Uncertain Tax Positions The following table
summarizes the activity related to the gross unrecognized tax benefits (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                                                   As of                    
                                            December 31,                    
                                                    2018           2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance at beginning of year           $         2,267       $  2,858     
  Increases related to prior year                      —          2,377     
  positions                                                                 
  Decreases related to prior year                   (101  )           —     
  positions                                                                 
  Increases related to current year                  822          1,581     
  positions                                                                 
  Decreases related to lapse of                     (130  )        (170  )  
  statutes                                                                  
  Balance at end of year                 $         2,858       $  6,646     
                                                                            
The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions under ASC 740. As of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, there was approximately $2.9 million and $6.6
million of unrecognized tax benefits, respectively. Of the unrecognized tax
benefits, $2.3 million and $5.8 million represents the amount that if
recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in 2018 and
2019, respectively. The Company does not expect a significant change to its
unrecognized tax benefits or recorded liabilities over the next twelve
months. The unrecognized tax benefits may increase or change during the next
year for items that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company
records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in
income tax expense. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had
approximately $0.3 million and $0.7 million of interest and penalties,
respectively. The Company’s primary tax jurisdiction is the United States.
The tax return for years 2016 through 2019 remain open to examination for
federal purposes, and 2015 through 2019 for the other major domestic taxing
jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. The Company has made a
prospective election for the tax status of one of its affiliates effective
January 1, 2020. As a result of this change in tax status, the Company will
recognize deferred tax expense of approximately $2.0 million. 17. Defined
Contribution Plan The Company sponsors a defined-contribution savings plan
under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
covering substantially all full-time U.S. employees. Participating employees
may contribute up to 100% of their eligible compensation up to the annual
Internal Revenue Service contribution limit. The 401(k) Plan was adopted in
2014. For 2018 and 2019, the Company matched employee contributions 100% for
the first 1% and 50% through a maximum of 6%, totaling $0.6 million and $0.9
million, respectively. F-40

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 18. Geographic Information The following table
presents the property and equipment, net by geographic area (in thousands):
                                                                    
                                                 As of              
                                          December 31,              
                                                  2018        2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                        $         8,295    $  7,679  
  All other countries                              232         222  
  Total property and equipment, net    $         8,527    $  7,901  
                                                                    
For information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see Note
2—Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting policies,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers. 19. Related Party KKR Capital Markets
LLC, an affiliate of KKR Denali, acted as joint lead arranger and joint
bookrunner for the Credit Agreement. KKR Denali is also one of the Company’s
principal stockholders. In 2018 and 2019, the Company paid $6.5 million and
$2.0 million, respectively, in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC in connection
with the Credit Agreement. In addition, the Company reimbursed $0.7 million
to KKR Denali for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company in connection
with the Credit Agreement in 2018. These fees were accounted as debt
issuance costs which were capitalized and amortized to interest expense
based on the effective interest method. In December 2019, the Company
purchased 2,475,000 shares and 300,000 shares of the Company’s Class A
Common Stock from the Company’s chief executive officer and from the
Company’s Board member, respectively. Chief executive officer is also the
Company’s principal stockholder. The fair value of the purchased shares was
$14.0 million. The purchase of shares was paid through the issuance of two
unsecured 5-yearpromissory notes with the principal amount of $10.0 million
and $1.2 million, respectively. The promissory notes are redeemable upon the
earlier of (i) maturity, (ii) immediately prior to an acquisition of the
Company as defined in the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, or (iii)
immediately prior to the Company’s filing an S-1with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per
annum paid annually. Both promissory notes were recorded in other non-
currentliabilities at the aggregated initial fair value of $9.1 million
representing a discount of 19% to its principal amount and resulting in a
purchase of the Company’s common stock shares below its fair value. The
discount is amortized over a period of five years under the effective
interest method with amortization expense included in interest expense and
loss on settlement of debt, net. The shares of the Company’s Class A Common
Stock purchased in exchange for the issuance of the promissory note were
added to the pool of shares available for the grant under the Company’s 2011
Equity Incentive Plan. The Company recorded the difference between fair
value of the shares purchased and the fair value of promissory notes as an
increase to additional paid-incapital. 20. Subsequent Events Geewa—On
January 31, 2020, the Company acquired Geewa A.S. (“Geewa”), a privately
held company specializing in mobile gaming. The Company purchased all of the
outstanding shares of the capital stock of Geewa for a total consideration
of $25.6 million of which $23.5 million was paid in cash and the unpaid
balance was attributed to a $2.1 million indemnity holdback that will be
paid in the next 12 months. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in
connection with the acquisition, including professional fees, were $0.3
million. The transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio
and has been accounted for as a business combination. F-41

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following table summarizes the allocation of the
purchase price and the identifiable assets acquired as of the amendment date
(in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                      $   1,043     
  Accounts receivable and other current         1,457     
  assets                                                  
  Intangible assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of 5 years        17,040     
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            260     
  years                                                   
  Developed Technology—estimated useful           590     
  life of 2 years                                         
  Property, equipment and other tangible          369     
  assets                                                  
  Goodwill                                      9,805     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities        (4,935  )  
  and other liabilities                                   
  Total purchase consideration              $  25,629     
                                                          
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax
purposes. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented because
the effect of the acquisition was not material to the consolidated
statements of operations. Redemption Games—On April 6, 2020, the Company
acquired Redemption Games, Inc. (“Redemption Games”), a privately held
company specializing in mobile gaming. As part of the transaction, the
Company purchased 95.5% of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of
Redemption Games for an aggregate total consideration of $53.7 million.
Based on the consideration paid and the percent acquired, the transaction
implied a total value for Redemption of $56.2 million. Transaction costs
incurred by the Company in connection with the acquisition, including
professional fees, were $0.6 million. The transaction is expected to expand
the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been accounted for as a business
combination. In November 2020, the Company increased its ownership in
Redemption Games to 98.2% by exchanging 2.7% of minority shares for the
Company’s Class A common stock with a fair value of $1.5 million. The
following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price and the
identifiable assets acquired as of the amendment date (in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                     $    2,787     
  Accounts receivable, net                      1,850     
  Intangible Assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of 5 years        44,000     
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            900     
  years                                                   
  Goodwill                                     19,674     
  Other tangible assets                           131     
  Accounts payable                             (2,492  )  
  Other liabilities                           (10,618  )  
  Total valuation                              56,232     
  Redeemable noncontrolling interest           (2,556  )  
  Total purchase consideration             $   53,676     
                                                          
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities F-42

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 acquired and is primarily attributable to the
assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time of the acquisition.
Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Pro forma
results of operations have not been presented because the effect of the
acquisition was not material. Machine Zone, Inc.—On May 19, 2020, the
Company acquired Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone”), a privately held
company specializing in mobile gaming. The Company purchased all of the
outstanding shares of the capital stock of Machine Zone and settled all
Machine Zone debt for an aggregate acquisition price of $328.6 million
comprising $287.1 million cash paid to Machine Zone lenders, common stock
warrants issued to Machine Zone lenders and preferred stockholders with the
aggregate fair value of $38.2 million and a settlement of the preexisting
accounts receivable balance of $3.3 million. The transaction is expected to
expand the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been accounted for as a business
combination. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with
the acquisition, including professional fees, were $2.8 million. The Company
also assumed an IP license agreement with a third-party game content
provider that was included in the Machine Zone acquisition. The term of the
IP license agreement is set to expire in December 2021 with the option to
renew for additional terms by the mutual agreement of the parties. The
remaining future fixed payments under the IP license agreement as of the
date of the Machine Zone acquisition amounted to $37.1 million. The
following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price and the
identifiable assets acquired as of the amendment date (in thousands):
                                                             
  Cash                                       $    37,767     
  Accounts receivable and other current           27,284     
  assets                                                     
  Intangible assets                                          
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 10           13,000     
  years                                                      
  Apps—estimated useful life of 3—5 years        272,000     
  IP license—useful life of 2 years               28,551     
  Goodwill                                        82,353     
  Right of use assets under operating            125,639     
  leases                                                     
  Property, equipment and other tangible          42,312     
  assets                                                     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities          (81,591  )  
  and other liabilities                                      
  Deferred revenue                               (43,200  )  
  License obligations                            (35,685  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                   (139,875  )  
  Total purchase consideration               $   328,555     
                                                             
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename. The
replacement cost approach was used to value the IP license asset. Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the
identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
Contemporaneously with the closing of the acquisition the Company exited
from one of Machine Zone real estate leases. The Company accounted for this
lease termination as a transaction separate from a business combination
since the lease termination was negotiated primarily for the benefit of the
combined entity, the Company was the party who directly negotiated this
lease amendment with the lessor and such negotiation took place
contemporaneously with the negotiation of the business combination. The
Company decreased the operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease
liability by $57.6 million and $63.1 million, respectively. The Company also
wrote-off $15.0 million of F-43

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 leasehold improvements and other assets related to
this real estate lease. In connection with this transaction the Company
issued a common stock warrant with the fair value of $0.4 million. The
following unaudited supplemental pro forma information presents the combined
historical results of operations of the Company and Machine Zone as if the
business combination had been completed on January 1, 2019. The pro forma
financial information includes amortization of fair value adjustments in the
appropriate pro forma periods as though the companies were combined as of
the beginning of 2019. These adjustments include:
                                                                            
       An increase in amortization expense of $62.0 million related to the  
  •    fair value of acquired identifiable intangible                       
       assets;                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    A decrease in revenue of $61.9 million related to fair value         
       adjustment of the deferred revenue balance;                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       A decrease in interest expense of $147.9 million related to          
  •    pre-acquisition                                                      
       debt;                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       A decrease in other income of $9.0 million to eliminate fair value   
  •    adjustments related to embedded derivative and                       
       liability classified warrants;                                       
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    An increase in provision for income taxes of $3.3 million.  
                                                                   
The following table includes unaudited pro forma results (in thousands,
except per share data):
                                                                
                                                 Year Ended     
                                               December 31,     
                                                       2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                                   $     1,332,476     
  Net loss                                          105,353     
  Net income per share—basic and diluted    $         (0.50  )  
                                                                
Acquisition-Related Contingent Consideration—In September 2020, the Company
amended the terms of an asset acquisition to settle the acquisition holdback
and a portion of the earn-outdue to the sellers 12 months following the
acquisition’s closing in 2019. Under the terms of the amendment, the Company
agreed to settle a $34.8 million liability related to an acquisition
holdback and earn-out, with a combination of a cash payment of $3.4 million
and the Company’s Class A common stock at a fair value of $48.4 million as
of the settlement date, resulting in a $17.0 million extinguishment loss of
the acquisition-related contingent consideration. Zenlife asset
acquisition—In June 2020, the Company acquired certain mobile game Apps from
an independent foreign-based mobile game developer in exchange for an
upfront cash consideration of $160.0 million and future earn-outpayments for
each of the four years from the date of the transaction based on the excess,
if any, of revenue generated by the initially acquired game App for such
year above the sum of (i) an annual fixed baseline revenue and (ii) the
aggregate earn-outpayments made in prior years. The transaction was
accounted for as an asset acquisition with $173.3 million allocated to the
acquired mobile game Apps and $13.3 million to deferred tax liability. The
recorded value of acquired mobile game Apps is amortized over five years.
Additionally, the Company entered into a service and development agreement
with the independent mobile game developer to support the initially acquired
game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps during the four-year term of
the agreement. The Company is also required to make future earn-outpayments
for newly developed game Apps determined under the similar approach as for
the initially acquired mobile game Apps. Other insignificant asset
acquisitions—In March and April 2020, the Company completed two asset
acquisitions to acquire two mobile game Apps from two separate independent
foreign-based F-44

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

mobile game developers in exchange for an aggregate upfront cash
consideration of $35.0 million and future earn-out payments. Both
transactions were
accounted for as asset acquisitions with $35.0 million allocated to the
acquired mobile game Apps, which will be amortized over three and five
years. Additionally, the Company entered into service and development
agreements with the independent
mobile game developers to support the initially acquired game Apps as well
as to develop new game Apps. With respect to the first asset acquisition,
future earn-out payments are based on a predetermined
percentage of revenue net of certain direct costs generated by the initially
acquired game App, or additional game Apps developed under the service and
development agreement, over the term of the agreement, which is initially
two years, but which
may renew for an additional two-year term. With respect to the second asset
acquisition, future earn-out payments for each of the four years from the
date of the
transaction are based on (i)(a) the revenue generated by the initially
acquired game App and any additional game Apps developed under the service
and development agreement over the term of four years in excess of (b) a
baseline revenue
threshold, multiplied by (ii) tiered revenue multiples, up to a cumulative
amount of $45.0 million.

Recent asset acquisitions—In September 2020, the Company acquired certain
mobile game Apps from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer in
exchange for a cash consideration of $29.0 million and future
earn-out payments based on certain performance metrics.

In November 2020, the Company
acquired certain mobile game Apps from an independent foreign-based mobile
game developer in exchange for a cash consideration of $110.0 million, a
convertible security with a principal amount of $40.0 million and annual
future earn-out payments for each of the four years from the date of the
transaction based on (i)(a) the revenue generated by the initially acquired
game Apps in excess of (b) a certain revenue threshold,
multiplied by (ii) a predetermined revenue multiple. Additionally, the
Company entered into a service and development agreement with the
independent foreign-based mobile game developer to support the initially
acquired mobile game Apps as well
as to develop new game Apps during the four-year term of the agreement. The
Company is not required to make additional earn-out payments for any new
game Apps developed.

Due to the timing of these transactions, as of the date of issuance of these
consolidated financial statements, the Company is in the
process of finalizing the valuation and related accounting for these
acquisitions.

Events Subsequent to Issuance of Financial Statements (Unaudited)

In December 2020, the Company entered into a commercial agreement with a
cloud service provider under which the Company committed to
spend a minimum of $130.0 million on certain cloud platform services over a
period of five years.

In January 2021, the Company
purchased a new game App for $60.0 million that was developed under the
service and development agreement related to Recoded. In addition, in
February 2021, the Company paid the deferred cash consideration of $90.0
million related to the
initially acquired game App for Recoded.

In February 2021, the Company signed a share purchase agreement with Adjust
GmbH, a
leading mobile app attribution, measurement and analytics company in
Germany, to acquire all the outstanding shares of Adjust GmbH for an
estimated purchase price of $1.0 billion.

Due to the timing of these transactions, as of the date of issuance of these
consolidated financial statements, the Company is in the
process of finalizing the valuation and related accounting for these
acquisitions.

F-45

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF MARCH 31, 2020 AND FOR THE THREE MONTH PERIOD ENDING MARCH 31, 2019
AND MARCH 31, 2020

F-46

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2019 AND MARCH 31, 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands,                                                            
  except share and                                                          
  per                                                                       
  share information)        December 31, 2019 a          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             -Unaudited     
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                                           
  Cash and cash          $               91,759       $          58,128     
  equivalents                                                               
  Accounts                               20,644                  25,918     
  receivable, net                                                           
  Deferred cost of                            —                       —     
  revenue                                                                   
  Prepaid expenses                                                          
  and other current                       3,815                   3,844     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current                         116,218                  87,890     
  assets                                                                    
  Property, equipment                    64,701                  57,422     
  and software, net                                                         
  License assets, net                    35,314                  30,894     
  Goodwill                                3,438                   3,438     
  Intangible assets,                      2,270                   2,253     
  net                                                                       
  Other noncurrent                        2,991                   2,966     
  assets                                                                    
  Total assets           $              224,932       $         184,863     
  Liabilities and                                                           
  stockholders’                                                             
  deficit                                                                   
  Current                                                                   
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts payable       $               18,264       $          31,358     
  Accrued liabilities                    29,025                  19,575     
  Deferred revenue                      100,771                 104,774     
  Loans payable                          11,541                 226,159     
  Capital lease                          10,464                   7,137     
  obligations                                                               
  License obligations                    17,628                  17,748     
  Other current                          29,667                  25,114     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total current                         217,360                 431,865     
  liabilities                                                               
  Loans payable,                        330,232                 185,628     
  long-term                                                                 
  Capital lease                                                             
  obligations,                              791                       —     
  long-term                                                                 
  License                                                                   
  obligations,                           18,054                  18,176     
  long-term                                                                 
  Other long-term                        21,158                  19,264     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total liabilities                     587,595                 654,933     
  Commitments and                                                           
  contingencies (note                                                       
  12)                                                                       
  Stockholders’                                                             
  deficit:                                                                  
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series A, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—113,538,740                           1                       1     
  shares authorized,                                                        
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series B, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—92,502,640                                                          
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  91,145,440 shares                                                         
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series C, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—142,499,110                                                         
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  141,180,416 shares                                                        
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series D, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—65,709,968                                                          
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  55,526,655 shares                                                         
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Common stock,                                                             
  $0.00001 par                                                              
  value—1,450,000,000                                                       
  shares authorized                                                         
  at December 31,                                                           
  2019 and                                                                  
  March 31, 2020;                             7                       7     
  647,379,255 and                                                           
  647,380,255 shares                                                        
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020,                                                       
  respectively                                                              
  Treasury stock                              1                       1     
  Additional paid-in                    574,197                 575,612     
  capital                                                                   
  Accumulated deficit                  (936,872  )           (1,045,694  )  
  Total stockholders’                  (362,663  )             (470,070  )  
  deficit                                                                   
  Total liabilities                                                         
  and stockholders’      $              224,932       $         184,863     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
                                                              
  a  Derived from audited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
                                                              
F-47

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED
MARCH 31, 2019 AND 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                 March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenues                    $         127,451       $          73,705     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                        48,031                  34,798     
  Research and development               20,630                  25,157     
  Sales and marketing                    34,648                  28,745     
  General and                             9,661                  10,224     
  administrative                                                            
  Depreciation and                       14,890                  11,859     
  amortization                                                              
  Total costs and expenses              127,860                 110,783     
  Loss from operations                     (409  )              (37,078  )  
  Interest expense                       (9,380  )              (73,461  )  
  Interest income                            90                      54     
  Other income (expense),                  (151  )                1,699     
  net                                                                       
  Loss before income taxes               (9,850  )             (108,786  )  
  Provision from income                      30                      36     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss                    $          (9,880  )    $        (108,822  )  
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-48

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT FOR THE THREE
MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2019 AND 2020 (In thousands, except shares)
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-49

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED
MARCH 31, 2019 AND 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                 March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating activities:                                                     
  Net loss                    $          (9,880  )    $        (108,822  )  
  Adjustments to reconcile                                                  
  net loss to net                                                           
  cash used in operating                                                    
  activities:                                                               
  Depreciation and                       14,890                  11,859     
  amortization                                                              
  Stock-based compensation                2,529                   1,415     
  Non-cash interest                       4,445                   7,782     
  expense                                                                   
  Amortization of debt                                                      
  discount and                               46                  61,127     
  issuance cost                                                             
  Other non-cash                            (98  )               (1,735  )  
  adjustments                                                               
  Changes in operating                                                      
  assets and                                                                
  liabilities, net of                                                       
  business acquisition:                                                     
                                                                            
  Accounts receivable, net              (15,012  )               (5,239  )  
  Prepaid expenses and                      983                      (3  )  
  other assets                                                              
  Accounts payable                       (8,760  )               13,256     
  Accrued and other                     (11,816  )              (16,544  )  
  current liabilities                                                       
  Deferred revenue                       (5,067  )                4,003     
  Other long-term                             —                     (42  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Net cash used in                      (27,740  )              (32,943  )  
  operating activities                                                      
  Investing activities:                                                     
  Purchases of property,                                                    
  equipment and                          (3,284  )                 (326  )  
  software                                                                  
  Acquisition of license                                                    
  assets and other                       (9,160  )                    —     
  intangibles                                                               
  Proceeds from sale of                                                     
  property,                                  10                      18     
  equipment and software                                                    
  Net cash used in                      (12,434  )                 (308  )  
  investing activities                                                      
  Financing activities:                                                     
  Proceeds from loans, net                                                  
  of issuance                            11,485                   3,733     
  costs                                                                     
  Principal payments on                                                     
  capital lease                          (6,927  )               (4,113  )  
  obligations                                                               
  Payments on loans                     (11,668  )                    —     
  Proceeds from the                                                         
  exercise of stock                          68                       —     
  options                                                                   
  Net cash used in                       (7,042  )                 (380  )  
  financing activities                                                      
  Net decrease in cash,                                                     
  cash equivalents                      (47,216  )              (33,631  )  
  and restricted cash                                                       
  Cash, cash equivalents                                                    
  and restricted                        118,691                  91,759     
  cash—beginning of period                                                  
  Cash, cash equivalents                                                    
  and restricted              $          71,475       $          58,128     
  cash—end of period                                                        
  Supplemental disclosure                                                   
  of cash flow                                                              
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for income        $              73       $              80     
  taxes, net                                                                
  Cash paid for interest      $           4,889       $           4,689     
  Supplemental disclosure                                                   
  of noncash                                                                
  investing and financing                                                   
  activities:                                                               
  Acquisition of property,                                                  
  equipment and software                                                    
  included in accounts        $             157       $               —     
  payable and accrued                                                       
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock-based compensation                                                  
  included in                                                               
  capitalized internal-use    $             260       $               —     
  software                                                                  
  development costs                                                         
  Issuance of common stock                                                  
  in connection               $         298,186       $               —     
  with waiver of                                                            
  liquidation preference                                                    
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-50

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

MACHINE ZONE, INC.

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Organization and Description of Business

Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone” or the “Company”), a Delaware
corporation, was formed on January 14, 2008,
under the name Addmired, Inc. On March 28, 2012, the Company changed its
name to Machine Zone, Inc. Machine Zone develops, publishes, and operates
free-to-play mid
to hardcore mobile games worldwide on mobile app partners’ (“Distribution
Partners”) platforms.

The Company
generates revenue from sales of in-game virtual goods through Distribution
Partners. Machine Zone is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) for interim
financial information and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do
not include all of the information and
footnotes required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(consisting of normal accruals) considered for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2020 are
not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December
31, 2020. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the Company’s
Audited Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2019.

There have been no material changes to the Company’s
significant accounting policies as of and for the three months ended March
31, 2020, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in
the Company’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2019.

The Company’s unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared on
a going-concern basis,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of
liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business.

Liquidity

For the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company has continued to
incur net losses, has negative cash flows from
operations, and a significant decline in revenue and has an accumulated
deficit of $1.0 billion. As of March 31, 2020, the Company has outstanding
loans of approximately $412 million. However, in connection with the merger
with
Applovin Corporation (the “Acquirer” or “Applovin”, see Note 15) on May 19,
2020, these loans were fully repaid. Furthermore in May 2020, the Company
announced a reduction-in-force impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s
employees and a restructuring of its lease facilities in Palo Alto (see Note
15) which in combination significantly reduced its operating
expenses. The Company is in the process of being fully integrated with the
Acquirer as a single combined entity. As a result of these actions, the
Company expects to have sufficient liquidity to sustain its operations and
satisfy any of its
obligations as and when they fall due.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the condensed financial statements and

F-51

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 accompanying notes. Significant estimates and
assumptions reflected in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements include, but are not limited to, the estimated average playing
periods of paying players that the Company uses for revenue recognition,
estimated fair value of preferred stock, common stock, preferred and common
stock warrants, stock options and restricted stock awards issued, useful
lives of property and equipment, internal-usesoftware development costs,
estimated fair value of licensed assets and obligations, accrued
liabilities, capital lease obligations, and deferred tax assets and
valuation allowance related to income taxes, as well as the fair value of
debt instruments and embedded derivatives. Actual results may differ from
those estimates. Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) is
equal to net income (loss) for all periods presented. Concentrations of
Credit Risk and Significant Partners Financial instruments, which
potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist
primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable, net. The
Company places its cash and cash equivalents primarily with major financial
institutions in the United States, which management assesses to be of high
credit quality, in order to limit the exposure of each investment.
Distribution Partners accounting for 10% or more of the Company’s accounts
receivable, net were as follows:
                                                                  
                            December 31,       March 31, 2020     
                                    2019          (Unaudited)     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Distribution Partner A              55  %                63  %  
  Distribution Partner B              35  %                29  %  
  Distribution Partner C              10  %                 9  %  
                                                                  
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Revenue Recognition In May 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued new guidance on revenue
from contracts with customers. The new standard provides principle for
recognizing revenue when control of promised goods or services is
transferred to customers with the expected consideration in exchange for
those goods or services, as well as guidance on the recognition of costs
related to obtaining and fulfilling customer contracts. The standard also
requires expanded disclosures about the nature, amount, timing, and
uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets
recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The Company
adopted the standard on January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective
method, which was applied to customer contracts that were not completed as
of January 1, 2019. The Company’s results of operations beginning after
January 1, 2019 are presented in accordance with ASC 606, while prior
periods continue to be reported in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue
Recognition. The most significant impact of adopting the new revenue
standard was to record the platform service charges as costs of revenue in
the period incurred. Although the platform service charges are incremental
in nature, these charges are not costs incurred solely in the Company’s
effort to obtain the contract and there are no sales or marketing efforts
made by the platform providers. As platform service charges do not clearly
meet the criteria for capitalization as either incremental costs of
obtaining a contract or fulfillment costs, such charges are expensed as
incurred. F-52

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 As a result of adopting the new revenue standard, the
following adjustments were made to the Company’s unaudited condensed
consolidated balance sheet at January 1, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                                                 
  Consolida…                                                                
  Balance             December                               January 1,     
  Sheets              31, 2018          Adjustments          2019           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $       38,884       $  (38,884      )    $  —              
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…          (961,224  )       (38,884      )       (1,000,108  )  
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                                                 
  Consolida…                                Amount          Changes due     
  Statements                               without                   to     
  of               Amount as           adoption of          adoption of     
  Operations        reported               ASC 606              ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of       $     48,031       $        49,575       $       (1,544  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  costs and          127,860               129,404               (1,544  )  
  expenses                                                                  
  Loss from             (409  )             (1,953  )             1,544     
  operations                                                                
  Loss                                                                      
  before              (9,850  )            (11,394  )             1,544     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss            (9,880  )            (11,424  )             1,544     
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2019
(unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                 Amount          Changes due     
  Consolida…                               without                   to     
  Balance          Amount as           adoption of          adoption of     
  Sheets           reported                ASC 606              ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $  —               $        37,340       $      (37,340  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…       (711,802   )           (713,346  )             1,544     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Adopted Leases In February 2016,
the FASB issued new guidance on lease accounting. Among its provision, the
standard requires lessees to recognize right-of-useassets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheets for operating leases and also requires
additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about lease
arrangements. This new guidance will be effective for its fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance
on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Income Tax
In December 2019, the FASB issued guidance that simplifies the accounting
for incomes taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles
in ASC 740, Income taxes, and amending existing guidance to improve
consistent application. For private entities, the new guidance will be
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Most
amendments within this standard are required to be applied on a prospective
basis, while certain amendments must be applied on a retrospective or
modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. F-53

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 3. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents
at December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, consist of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                         
                                      December 31,       March 31, 2020  
                                              2019          (Unaudited)  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash                             $        44,353    $          14,456  
  Restricted cash (See Note 12)             13,057               13,057  
  Money market funds                        34,349               30,615  
  Total                            $        91,759    $          58,128  
                                                                         
4. Fair Value Measurements The Company accounts for its financial assets and
liabilities at fair value in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC 820”). ASC 820 establishes a three-tier
fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair
value as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active
markets for identical, unrestricted assets, or liabilities. Level 2—Quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities or inputs other than quoted prices
in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly. Level
3—Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which
requires the Company to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation
techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow
models, and similar techniques. The following table summarizes the Company’s
financial instruments’ classification within the fair value hierarchy as of
December 31, 2019 as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $        —    $  13,057  
  Money market             34,349       —                   —       34,349  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   47,406    $  —          $        —    $  47,406  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
  liabilities                                                               
                                                                            
The following table summarizes the Company’s financial instruments’
classification within the fair value hierarchy as of March 31, 2020 as
follows (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $  —          $  13,057  
  Money market             30,615       —             —             30,615  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   43,672    $  —          $  —          $  43,672  
                                                                            
F-54

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in
connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 (See Note 8)
and are carried at zero fair value in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as
of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020. For determination of the derivative
liabilities and fair value changes for the three months ended March 31,
2020, please see Note 9. Derivative Liabilities. 5. License Assets and
License Obligations The Company entered into an agreement in October 2016 to
use a third-party content in the Company’s game. The Company records these
license payments as a license asset and a license obligation at the fair
value on the contract date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The
license asset is amortized on a straight-line method over the license term.
For the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, license asset
amortization of $4.4 million and $4.4 million, respectively, were recognized
in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The
expected future amortization expense of license assets as of March 31, 2020
is as follows (unaudited, in thousands):
                                          
  Years Ending December 31,               
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020            $  13,261  
  2021                            17,633  
  Total                        $  30,894  
                                          
During the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company recorded
interest expense of $0.3 million and $0.2 million for the license
obligations, respectively. The unrealized and realized foreign currency gain
or loss was not material for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively. The following table summarizes the future license payments for
the Company’s license obligations at March 31, 2020 (unaudited, in
thousands):
                                                           
  Years Ending December 31,                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                         $   18,431     
  2021                                          18,431     
  Total license payments                        36,862     
  Less:                                                    
  Imputed interest                                (938  )  
  Current portion of license obligations       (17,748  )  
  License obligations, long-term            $   18,176     
                                                           
6. Accrued and Other Current Liabilities Accrued current liabilities at
December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, consist of the following (in
thousands):
                                                              
                           December 31,       March 31, 2020  
                                   2019          (Unaudited)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Payroll related       $        23,551    $          12,997  
  Marketing expenses              4,594                5,634  
  Other                             566                  484  
  Legal fees                        314                  460  
  Total                 $        29,025    $          19,575  
                                                              
F-55

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Other current liabilities at December 31, 2019 and
March 31, 2020, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                            March 31, 2020  
                                    December 31, 2019          (Unaudited)  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Other taxes payable            $             12,772    $          12,653  
  Office lease: cease-use                      13,769                9,348  
  obligation                                                                
  Other                                         3,126                3,113  
  Total                          $             29,667    $          25,114  
                                                                            
7. Debt Loan Facilities As of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, the
outstanding borrowing under the revolving line of credit was $11.6 million
and $15.3 million, respectively. The interest rates were 6% for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 and ranging from 3.75% to 5.25% for the three
months ended March 31, 2020. The loan facilities are due on July 31, 2020.
Debt Financing In February 2018, the Company entered into a financing
agreement (“Financing Agreement”) with a financial institution for a
principal amount of $200.0 million. The agreement was amended in March, June
and July 2019 to modify and/or eliminate certain of its financial covenants.
Under the terms of the Financing Agreement, as amended, the Company is
required to maintain minimum liquidity of $30 million through June 2020, $40
million in July 2020 and then $60 million for the remaining term of the
Financing Agreement (February 2021). Interest only monthly payments are due
in arrears, and the principal, paid-in-kindand all accrued but unpaid
interest is due on February 1, 2021. For the three months ended March 31,
2019 and 2020, the interest rate was 15.99% and 15.09%, respectively. The
Company incurred interest expense of $8.1 million and $8.1 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The Company was in
compliance with the covenant requirements through March 31, 2020. 8.
Convertible Promissory Notes On July 12, 2019, the Company issued $142.9
million in convertible promissory notes (“Convertible Notes”). These
Convertible Notes are recorded as part of the Loans Payable, Long-term. The
Convertible Notes bear interest of 10% per annum and mature on the second
anniversary of the issuance date. The following table sets forth the
components of the Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2019 and March 31,
2020 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                         March 31, 2020     
                              December 31, 2019             (Unaudited)     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Principal                $            142,857       $         142,857     
  300% settlement                                                           
  amount in excess of                                                       
  principal and                         345,714                 345,714     
  paid-in-kind interest                                                     
  at                                                                        
  maturity                                                                  
  Unamortized debt                     (374,308  )             (313,237  )  
  discount                                                                  
  Net carrying amount      $            114,263       $         175,334     
                                                                            
F-56

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following table sets forth interest expense
recognized related to the Convertible Notes for the three months ended March
31, 2020 (in thousands):
                                                              
                                          Three months Ended  
                                              March 31, 2020  
                                                 (Unaudited)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Paid-in-kind interest                $               3,562  
  expense                                                     
  Amortization of debt discount                       61,071  
  Total interest expense recognized    $              64,633  
                                                              
9. Derivative Liabilities The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in
connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 and are
carried at fair value, which is calculated using a model that is based on
discounted cash flows. The model stimulates different outcomes for the
expected period to maturity, financing or next probable transaction. As of
December 31, 2019, the derivative liabilities were deemed to have zero value
since the fair value of the convertible note with embedded derivative is
lower than the fair value of the convertible note without the embedded
derivatives. Similarly, as of March 31, 2020, the fair value of the
derivative liabilities were deemed to still have a zero value as the
conversion features of the embedded derivatives still had no incremental
value to the holders. 10. Capital Lease Obligations Capital leases
outstanding at March 31, 2020 generally have a three-year term and mature at
various dates until 2021, and bear interest rates ranging from 5.53% to
12.31% per annum. The Company recorded $0.5 million and $0.2 million of
interest expense in relation to the capital lease arrangements for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The present value of
future minimum lease payments under the Company’s capital lease obligations
at March 31, 2020 is as follows (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                        
  Years Ending December 31,                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                       $   6,523     
  2021                                          797     
  Total minimum lease payments                7,320     
  Less:                                                 
  Imputed interest                             (183  )  
  Current portion of capital lease           (7,137  )  
  obligations                                           
  Capital lease obligations, long-term    $       —     
                                                        
11. Stock Warrants As of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, the Company
has outstanding warrants for 1,357,200 shares of convertible Series B
preferred stock and 3,552,790 shares of common stock, respectively. The fair
value of the warrants as of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020,
respectively:
                                                                            
                                                            March 31, 2020  
                                    December 31, 2019       (Unaudited)     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Convertible Series B                                                      
  preferred stock                $                752    $  —               
  warrants                                                                  
  Common stock warrant                            978       —               
  Total warrant liabilities      $              1,730    $  —               
                                                                            
F-57

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The warrant liabilities are reported in the Other
Long-Term Liabilities of the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet.
For the three months ended March 31, 2019, the change in the fair value of
the warrants was not material. For the three months ended March 31, 2020,
the change in the fair value of the warrants was $1.7 million and was
recorded in other income (expense), net, in the unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations. 12. Commitments and Contingencies
Operating Leases The Company leases office and colocation facilities under
non-cancellableoperating lease and sublease agreements that expire at
various terms through 2028. The following summarizes the future minimum
payments under the Company’s operating leases, subleases, colocation
facility, and sublease proceeds under non-cancelableoperating leases at
March 31, 2020 (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                          
  Years Ending December 31,                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                        $   20,589     
  2021                                         26,840     
  2022                                         21,652     
  2023                                         16,747     
  2024                                         17,250     
  Thereafter                                   63,723     
  Total minimum lease payments                166,801     
  Less: non-cancellable sublease income       (21,028  )  
  Total                                    $  145,773     
                                                          
For the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, rent expense was $4.1
million and $4.0 million, respectively. Letter of Credit Agreements As of
March 30, 2020, the Company has the following three letter of credit
agreements (“LOCs”):
                                                                            
       Two standby LOCs with a bank in lieu of a deposit under the          
       Company’s sublease agreements for certain office                     
  •    buildings. Under these two LOCs, the Company’s landlord can draw up  
       to $13.1 million under certain conditions. These LOCs are required   
       through June 2027.                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       One standby LOC with a bank that provides for a $6.8 million         
       irrevocable LOC for a sublease agreement. The LOCs may               
       not exceed the aggregate loan value of the collateral, which is      
  •    defined as all assets held or to be held in custody accounts,        
       safeguarding accounts, investment management accounts, and/or other  
       accounts with the bank. The Company is in compliance                 
       with this requirement through March 31, 2020. This LOC is required   
       through July 2022.                                                   
                                                                            
No amounts were drawn against the LOCs during the periods presented. F-58

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Purchase Obligations As of March 31, 2020, the Company
had no additional material purchase obligations. Legal Matters The Company
is at times involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the normal
course of business. Such matters are subject to uncertainties and outcomes
and are not predictable with assurance. The Company assesses the probability
of incurring any such losses and whether or not those losses are estimable.
Amounts are accrued that are believed to be adequate to address any
liabilities related to legal proceedings and other loss contingencies that
are reasonably estimable. On October 27, 2020, Machine Zone and Epic Action
were served with a complaint for a putative class action alleging statutory
claims for violation of California Unfair Competition Law and unjust
enrichment—in connection with sales of virtual packs in Final Fantasy XV: A
New Empire. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims
and, based on information currently available, it does not anticipate that
this matter will result in a materially unfavorable outcome. 13.
Stockholders’ Deficit Convertible Preferred Stock The convertible preferred
stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and March 31,
2020 (unaudited), is as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                   Shares                                   
                                   Issued            Net         Aggregate  
                   Shares             and       Carrying       Liquidation  
               Authorized     Outstanding         Amount        Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740     113,538,740    $     4,881    $            —  
  Series B     92,502,640      91,145,440          7,345                 —  
  Series C    142,499,110     141,180,416        134,121            93,370  
  Series D     65,709,968      55,526,655         62,190            53,667  
  Total       414,250,458     401,391,251    $   208,537    $      147,037  
                                                                            
Changes of Liquidation Right In March 2019, the Company completed a
recapitalization whereby all holders of Series A and Series B preferred
waived 100% of their liquidation preference. The arrangement was accounted
as a modification but does not have any impact on the Company’s consolidated
financials. Additionally, as part of the recapitalization, all holders of
Series C and certain holders of Series D agreed to voluntarily convert at
least 75% of the shares of its each Series C and Series D shares into common
stock immediately prior to a liquidation event in exchange for an additional
185 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock. The exchange was accounted
for as an extinguishment in the Series C and Series D Preferred Stock. The
difference between the fair value of the total consideration transferred and
the carrying value of the Series C and D extinguished is recorded to
retained earnings (accumulated deficit). Accordingly, the Company recorded
$298.2 million against the accumulated deficit for the three months ended
March 31, 2019. F-59

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Stock Incentive Plan The stock option activity under
the Company’s stock plans during the three months ended March 31, 2020 is as
follows (unaudited):
                                                                            
                                                  Weighted                  
                                                   Average                  
                                    Weighted     Remaining                  
                                     Average    Contractu…       Aggregate  
                 Number of          Exercise          Term       Intrinsic  
                    Shares             Price       (Years)       Value      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance—…    136,616,617       $      0.42          6.96                  
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Options                —                 —                                
  granted                                                                   
  Options           (1,000  )    $      0.49                  $  —          
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (11,974,173  )    $      0.28                                
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    124,641,444       $      0.43          6.74                  
  31, 2020                                                                  
                                                                            
Stock-Based Compensation Stock Options The Company’s assumptions used in
determining the fair value for grants during the three months ended March
31, 2019 are as follows; there were no stock options granted during the
three months ended March 31, 2020.
                                                      
                               Three Months Ended     
                                   March 31, 2019     
                                      (Unaudited)     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Expected terms (in years)                  6.03     
  Expected volatility                       42.98  %  
  Expected dividend yield                       —     
  Risk-free interest rate                    2.61  %  
                                                      
Expected Term—The Company’s expected term represents the period of time that
the Company’s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is
determined using the simplified method described in the Staff Accounting
Bulletin (SAB) No. 107, as amended by SAB No. 110, Share-Based Payment.
Expected Volatility—Expected volatility is estimated using comparable public
company volatility for similar expected term. Expected Dividend—The Black-
Scholes valuation model calls for a single expected dividend yield as an
input, and the Company has never paid dividends and has no plans to pay
dividends. Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest rate used in the
Black-Scholes valuation model is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon
issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the
expected term of the option. Estimated Forfeitures—The Company uses an
annual estimated forfeiture rate based on the Company’s actual historical
forfeitures. F-60

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Restricted Stock Awards The Company’s Restricted Stock
Awards activity for the three months ended March 31, 2020 is as follows
(unaudited):
                                                                      
                                                            Weighted  
                                                             Average  
                                                               Grant  
                                           Number of       Date Fair  
                                          Restricted       Value per  
                                        Stock Awards           Share  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     133,980,508    $       0.51  
  Granted                                          —               —  
  Vested                                           —               —  
  Cancelled/forfeited                              —               —  
  Unvested balance—March 31, 2020        133,980,508    $       0.51  
                                                                      
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units The Company’s Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Units activity for the three months ended March 31, 2020 is
as follows (unaudited):
                                                                        
                                                              Weighted  
                                          Number of            Average  
                                        Performance              Grant  
                                              Based          Date Fair  
                                         Restricted          Value per  
                                        Stock Units              Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     38,005,982       $       0.92  
  Granted                                13,459,185       $       0.63  
  Vested                                          —                  —  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (7,512,338  )    $       0.42  
  Unvested balance—March 31, 2020        43,952,829       $       0.92  
                                                                        
The stock-based compensation expense recognized for the three months ended
March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                Three Months Ended                          
                                       (Unaudited)                          
                                    March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue            $                 231       $             118  
  Research and                               1,691                     948  
  development                                                               
  Sales and marketing                          321                     108  
  General and                                  546                     241  
  administrative                                                            
                                             2,789                   1,415  
  Less: capitalization                        (260  )                    —  
  Total                      $               2,529       $           1,415  
                                                                            
14. Income Taxes On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic
Security, or CARES, Act was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act did
not have a material impact on the income tax provision for the three months
ended March 31, 2020. F-61

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method.
The
provision for income taxes recorded in interim periods is recorded by
applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date income
before provision for income
taxes, excluding the effects of significant unusual or infrequently
occurring discrete items and jurisdictions where annual effective tax rate
cannot be reasonably estimated. In these cases, the Company will determine
the actual effective tax rate
for the year-to-date period. The tax effects of discrete items are recorded
in the same period that the related discrete items are reported and results
in a difference
between the actual effective tax rate and the estimated annual effective tax
rate.

The provision for income taxes of $30 thousands
and $36 thousands for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively, represented primarily estimated state income taxes. This
diverged from the combined U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate due to
the valuation allowance on
the Company’s U.S. deferred taxes.

The amount of gross uncertain tax positions was immaterial as of December
31, 2019 and
March 31, 2020. The amount of unrecognized tax positions that, if
recognized, would affect the rates was immaterial and any change in the
uncertain tax over the next twelve months would be immaterial as of December
31, 2019 and
March 31, 2020.

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to US federal and state income
taxation as well as foreign income
taxation. The Company is not under income tax examinations by any Federal,
State or Foreign taxing authorities.

15. Subsequent Events

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through December 2, 2020, the
issuance date of the condensed consolidated interim
financial statements, to determine whether they should be disclosed to keep
the condensed consolidated interim financial statements from being
misleading. The Company noted the following subsequent events that should be
disclosed:

Reduction in Force

In May 2020, the Company announced a reduction-in-force
impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s employees.

Merger

In May 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with Applovin
pursuant to which the Company will be a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Acquirer (the “Acquisition”). The Acquisition was
completed and closed on May 19, 2020. As part of the merger agreement, the
Acquirer assumed or extinguished through payments of cash and equity and
assumed the
Company’s accounts receivable loan and Financing Agreement, outstanding
Convertible Notes, capital and operating leases, trade payables and the
remaining Series C and Series D liquidation preference.

Lease Termination

In connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into a lease
amendment arrangement with the landlord for the Company’s
buildings located at 1100 and 1200 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA. Under the
lease amendment, the Company and the landlord agreed to terminate the
Company’s sublease arrangement for the 1200 Page Mill Road building, release
the Company from its
payment obligation under a pre-existing lease termination agreement with
landlord and release the letter of credit held by the landlord with respect
to the building located at 1200 Page Mill Road. In
consideration of the early termination, the Acquirer made a payment in cash
equal to the letter of credit currently in place on 1200 Page Mill Road and
issued warrants of the Acquirer’s common stock.

F-62

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019

F-63

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Independent Auditors’ Report The Board of Directors
Machine Zone, Inc. Palo Alto, California: Report on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Machine Zone, Inc.
and its subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended,
and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. Management’s
Responsibility for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for
the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial
statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles;
this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal
control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error. Auditors’ Responsibility Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the
amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The
procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgment, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk
assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity’s
preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. Accordingly, we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
audit opinion. Opinion In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Machine Zone, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2018
and 2019, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the
years then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.
                           
  /s/ KPMG LLP             
  Santa Clara, California  
  June 10, 2020            
 ───────────────────────── 
                           
F-64

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019
                                                                            
  (In thousands, except share and per                                       
  share information)                                                        
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents               $   118,691       $    91,759     
  Accounts receivable, net                     28,698            20,644     
  Deferred cost of revenue                     38,884                 —     
  Prepaid expenses and other current            5,623             3,815     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current assets                        191,896           116,218     
  Property, equipment and software,            93,802            64,701     
  net                                                                       
  License assets, net                          52,947            35,314     
  Goodwill                                      3,438             3,438     
  Intangible assets, net                        3,266             2,270     
  Other noncurrent assets                       3,240             2,991     
  Total assets                            $   348,589       $   224,932     
  Liabilities and stockholders’                                             
  deficit                                                                   
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts payable                        $    33,390       $    18,264     
  Accrued liabilities                          29,091            29,025     
  Deferred revenue                            128,008           100,771     
  Loans payable                                11,668            11,541     
  Capital lease obligations                    23,870            10,464     
  License obligations                          17,099            17,628     
  Other current liabilities                    20,545            29,667     
  Total current liabilities                   263,671           217,360     
  Loans payable, long-term                    213,407           330,232     
  Capital lease obligations, long-term         10,088               791     
  License obligations, long-term               35,182            18,054     
  Other long-term liabilities                  21,236            21,158     
  Total liabilities                           543,584           587,595     
  Commitments and contingencies (Note                                       
  14)                                                                       
  Stockholders’ deficit:                                                    
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  A, $0.00001 par value—113,538,740                                         
  shares authorized, issued and                     1                 1     
  outstanding at December 31, 2018 and                                      
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  B, $0.00001 par value—92,502,640                                          
  shares authorized at December 31,                                         
  2018 and December 31, 2019;                       1                 1     
  91,145,440 shares issued and                                              
  outstanding at December 31, 2018 and                                      
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  C, $0.00001 par value—142,499,110                                         
  shares authorized at December 31,                                         
  2018 and December 31, 2019;                       1                 1     
  142,499,110 shares and 141,180,416                                        
  shares issued and outstanding at                                          
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  D, $0.00001 par value—77,599,580                                          
  shares and 65,709,968 shares                                              
  authorized at December 31, 2018 and                                       
  December 31, 2019, respectively;                  1                 1     
  65,709,968 shares and 55,526,655                                          
  shares issued and outstanding at                                          
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Common stock, $0.00001 par                                                
  value—1,450,000,000 shares                                                
  authorized at December 31, 2018 and                                       
  December 31, 2019; 464,727,830 and                5                 7     
  647,379,255 shares outstanding at                                         
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Treasury stock                                    3                 1     
  Additional paid-in capital                  766,217           574,197     
  Accumulated deficit                        (961,224  )       (936,872  )  
  Total stockholders’ deficit                (194,995  )       (362,663  )  
  Total liabilities and stockholders’     $   348,589       $   224,932     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-65

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                                 2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenues                                 $  829,104       $   400,300     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                             344,032           161,023     
  Research and development                    109,596            93,979     
  Sales and marketing                         149,508            98,586     
  General and administrative                   45,274            63,802     
  Depreciation and amortization                82,089            56,478     
  Total costs and expenses                    730,499           473,868     
  Income (loss) from operations                98,605           (73,568  )  
  Interest expense                            (33,991  )       (170,137  )  
  Interest income                                 415               363     
  Other income (expense), net                 (12,058  )          7,921     
  Income (loss) before income taxes            52,971          (235,421  )  
  Provision (benefit) from income taxes          (118  )            673     
  Net income (loss)                        $   53,089       $  (236,094  )  
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-66

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018
AND 2019 (In thousands, except shares)
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-67

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019 (In
thousands)
                                                                            
  Operating activities:                          2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)                       $    53,089       $  (236,094  )  
  Adjustments to reconcile net income                                       
  (loss) to net cash used in operating                                      
  activities:                                                               
  Depreciation and amortization                82,089            56,478     
  Stock-based compensation                     13,306             7,429     
  Asset impairment                              3,053               798     
  Non-cash interest expense                     9,517            16,244     
  Amortization of debt discount and             2,080           126,441     
  issuance cost                                                             
  Other non-cash adjustments                   10,902            (7,155  )  
  Changes in operating assets and                                           
  liabilities, net of business                                              
  acquisition:                                                              
                                                                            
  Accounts receivable, net                     61,582             8,022     
  Deferred cost of revenue                     76,455                 —     
  Prepaid expenses and other assets            17,135             2,054     
  Accounts payable                            (28,620  )        (14,997  )  
  Accrued and other current                   (78,162  )          3,207     
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred revenue                           (253,045  )        (27,237  )  
  Other long-term liabilities                  (8,073  )            216     
  Net cash used in operating                  (38,692  )        (64,594  )  
  activities                                                                
  Investing activities:                                                     
  Purchases of property, equipment and        (32,761  )         (9,850  )  
  software                                                                  
  Acquisition of license assets and                                         
  other                                           (15  )        (16,519  )  
  intangibles                                                               
  Proceeds from sale of property,               1,069               188     
  equipment and software                                                    
  Changes in deposits                              59                 —     
  Net cash used in investing                  (31,648  )        (26,181  )  
  activities                                                                
  Financing activities:                                                     
  Proceeds from loans, net of issuance        187,768           121,329     
  costs                                                                     
  Retirement of common stock                     (185  )              —     
  Principal payments on capital lease         (45,991  )        (22,854  )  
  obligations                                                               
  Payments on loans                          (118,837  )        (34,811  )  
  Proceeds from the exercise of stock           1,125               179     
  options                                                                   
  Proceeds from issuance of restricted              1                 —     
  stock awards                                                              
  Net cash provided by financing               23,881            63,843     
  activities                                                                
  Net decrease in cash, cash                                                
  equivalents                                 (46,459  )        (26,932  )  
  and restricted cash                                                       
  Cash, cash equivalents and                                                
  restricted                                  165,150           118,691     
  cash—Beginning of year                                                    
  Cash, cash equivalents and                                                
  restricted                              $   118,691       $    91,759     
  cash—End of year                                                          
  Supplemental disclosure of cash flow                                      
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for income taxes, net         $     1,087       $       267     
  Cash paid for interest                  $    22,094       $    27,452     
  Supplemental disclosure of noncash                                        
  investing and financing activities:                                       
  Property, equipment and software        $    14,802       $         —     
  acquired under capital leases                                             
  Acquisition of property, equipment                                        
  and                                                                       
  software included in accounts           $     1,141       $       821     
  payable                                                                   
  and accrued liabilities                                                   
  Stock-based compensation included in                                      
  capitalized internal-use software       $       648       $       447     
  development costs                                                         
  Issuance of common stock warrants in    $     1,100       $         —     
  connection with loan                                                      
  Issuance of common stock in                                               
  connection                              $         —       $   298,186     
  with waiver of liquidation                                                
  preference                                                                
  Conversion of preferred shares into     $         —       $    32,805     
  convertible promissory notes                                              
  Beneficial conversion features in                                         
  connection with issuance of             $         —       $   132,065     
  convertible                                                               
  notes                                                                     
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-68

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019

1. Organization and Description of Business

Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone” or the “Company”), a Delaware
corporation, was formed on January 14, 2008,
under the name Addmired, Inc. On March 28, 2012, the Company changed its
name to Machine Zone, Inc. Machine Zone develops, publishes, and operates
free-to-play mid
to hardcore mobile games worldwide on mobile app partners’ (“Distribution
Partners”) platforms.

The Company
generates most of its revenue from sales of in-game virtual goods, and to a
lesser extent, digital advertising management services offered to third
parties (“Digital Advertising Services”). As of
December 31, 2018, the Company ceased providing the Digital Advertising
Services. Machine Zone is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company and its
wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated upon consolidation.

The Company’s financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of
business.

Liquidity

For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company has incurred a net loss,
negative cash flows from operations, and a significant
decline in revenue and has an accumulated deficit of $936.9 million as of
December 31, 2019. As a result of these factors, the Company does not have
sufficient liquidity to sustain its operations, capital expenditures, and
lease payments
for a period of twelve months following the issuance of the financial
statements. The Company was acquired by Applovin Corporation, and became its
wholly-owned subsidiary, on May 19, 2020 (see Note 18). Applovin Corporation
has committed to provide
the necessary financial support to the Company sufficient for it to satisfy
its obligations and debt service requirements, if any, as and when they are
due, through and including June 30, 2021.

Use of Estimates

The
preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and
liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements, and the
reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods.
Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in the consolidated
financial statements include, but
are not limited to, the estimated average playing periods of paying players
that the Company uses for revenue recognition, estimated fair value of
preferred stock, common stock, preferred and common stock warrants, stock
options and restricted stock
awards issued, useful lives of property and equipment, internal-use software
development costs, estimated fair value of licensed assets and

F-69

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 obligations, accrued liabilities, capital lease
obligations, and deferred tax assets and valuation allowance related to
income taxes, as well as the fair value of debt instruments and embedded
derivatives. These estimates are based on information available as of the
date of the consolidated financial statements; therefore, actual results
could differ from management’s estimates. Foreign Currency The functional
currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are re-measuredinto
U.S. dollars from the local currency at exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet dates. Realized foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign
currency transactions are recorded in other income (expense), net, in the
consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2019, foreign currency net loss was $2.4 million and $1.1 million,
respectively. Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) is
equal to net income (loss) for all years presented. Concentrations of Credit
Risk and Significant Partners Financial instruments, which potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist primarily of
cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable, net. The Company places
its cash and cash equivalents primarily with major financial institutions in
the United States, which management assesses to be of high credit quality,
in order to limit the exposure of each investment. Distribution Partners
accounting for 10% or more of the Company’s accounts receivable, net were as
follows:
                                                
  December 31,              2018       2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Distribution Partner A      50  %      55  %  
  Distribution Partner B      39  %      35  %  
  Distribution Partner C      11  %      10  %  
                                                
Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all investments purchased
with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date
of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, within
cash and cash equivalents, the Company has restricted cash balances of $28.0
million and $13.1 million, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. These restricted cash balances are primarily cash deposits
to back letters of credit related to certain operating leases and capital
leases. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable, net, is unsecured and
primarily represents amounts due to the Company under contracts with
Distribution Partners and customers of the Company’s Digital Advertising
Services. In cases where the Company is aware of circumstances that may
impair a specific Distribution Partner or customer’s ability to meet its
financial obligations, the Company records a specific allowance as a
reduction to the accounts receivable balance. F-70

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Property, Equipment, and Software Property, equipment
and software, net, is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Computer equipment and software includes assets acquired under
capital lease arrangements. Depreciation and amortization are computed using
the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets,
generally two to five years, as follows:
                                                                            
  Computer equipment and software      3 years                              
  Computer equipment and software      Shorter of lease term or expected    
  under                                useful life                          
  capital lease arrangements                                                
  Internal-use software development    2-3 years                            
  costs                                                                     
  Furniture and fixtures               5 years                              
  Leasehold improvements               Shorter of lease term or expected    
                                       useful life                          
                                                                            
Operating Lease obligations The Company leases office space under non-
cancelableoperating leases with various expiration dates through 2028.
Certain of the Company’s operating lease agreements contain tenant
improvement allowances from its landlords. These allowances are accounted
for as lease incentive obligations, and are amortized as reductions to rent
expense over the lease term. In addition, certain operating lease agreements
contain rent concessions, rent escalations and options to renew. Rent
concession and rent escalation provisions are considered in determining the
rent expense to be recorded over the lease term. The lease term begins on
the date the Company has the right to use the leased property and rent
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
The Company does not assume that its operating leases will be renewed at
lease inception. Capital Lease obligations The Company leases certain
equipment from various third parties through equipment financing leases
under capital leases. These leases either include a bargain purchase option,
a full transfer of ownership at the completion of the lease term, or the
terms of the leases are at least 75 percent of the useful lives of the
assets and are therefore classified as a capital leases. These leases are
capitalized in property, equipment and software, net, and the related
depreciation expenses under capital leases are included in depreciation and
amortization expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
Initial asset values and lease obligations are based on the lower of the
fair value or the present value of future minimum lease payments. See Note
12. Capital Lease Obligations. Internal-UseSoftware Development Costs Costs
related to internal-usesoftware development are accounted for in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 350-40, Intangibles—Internal-
UseSoftware, and are included in property, equipment and software, net, in
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company capitalizes costs
incurred to develop its internal-usesoftware relating to the games and
software applications during the application development stage, if it is
probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used as
intended. The application development stage occurs after management has
approved to fund the project. Costs incurred prior to meeting these
criteria, together with costs incurred for training and maintenance, are
expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful life of the internal-usesoftware (the period
for which the software is expected to contribute to future cash flows),
generally two to three years, beginning when the asset is ready for its
intended use. For internally developed software, interest cost is
capitalized for the period of time it takes to develop the software for its
intended use. During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company
capitalized $1.6 million and $0.5 million of interest expense, respectively.
F-71

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held
and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets.
If such assets are
considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by
the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value
of the assets. The Company recorded impairment charges of approximately $3.1
million and $0
for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

Goodwill

Goodwill is carried at cost and evaluated in the fourth quarter of the
Company’s fiscal year annually for impairment, or more
frequently if circumstances exist that indicate that impairment may exist.
When conducting the annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company
performs a quantitative evaluation of whether goodwill is impaired using the
two-step impairment test. The Company records the amount by which the
carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, if any, as
impairment expense in the consolidated statements of operations in each
reporting period. The Company performed its goodwill evaluation as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, and did not record any goodwill impairment.

Intangible Assets

Definite-lived intangible assets are carried at cost, less accumulated
amortization. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets, generally five years, and are assessed for potential impairment when
events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts might be
impaired. There was no
impairment of definite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2019.

Indefinite-lived intangible
assets other than goodwill are carried at cost and evaluated in the fourth
quarter of the Company’s fiscal year annually for impairment, or more
frequently if circumstances exist that indicate that impairment may exist.
The Company recorded
impairment charges of approximately $0 and $0.8 million for indefinite-lived
intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

License Assets and License Obligations

The Company licenses intellectual property from third parties for use of
their licensed content in the Company’s game. The licensing
agreements include license payments, which are due over the terms of the
agreements. When no significant performance obligation remains with the
licensor, the Company records these license payments as a license asset and
a license obligation at the
fair value on the contract date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The
amortization of the licensed asset commences when the licensed product is
launched and is recorded in depreciation and amortization on a straight-line
method over the
remaining license terms or estimated useful life of the licensed product,
whichever is shorter. The classification of the license obligations between
current and long-term is based on the expected timing of the payments to the
licensor.

To evaluate the future recoverability of a license asset, the Company
considers the terms of the agreements, game development plans,
forecasted and actual financial performance of the game, as well as, other
qualitative factors, such as, the success of similar games and similar
genres launched by the Company or competitors. If the licensed asset is
considered impaired, the
impairment charge to be recognized is measured by the amount that the
carrying amount of the license asset exceeds the fair

F-72

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 value of the asset. Any impairment charge determined
before the launch of a game is expensed to research and development, while
any impairment charge determined post-launch is expensed to cost of revenue
in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not
record any impairment charge for the license assets for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019. See Note 7. License Assets and License
Obligations. Treasury Stock The Company records treasury stock activities
under the cost method whereby the cost of the acquired stock is recorded as
treasury stock. The policy over the formal retirement of treasury stock is
to deduct the par value from common stock and to reflect the excess of cost
over par value, if any, as a deduction from additional paid-incapital (to
the extent created by previous issuances of the shares) and thereafter from
retained earnings. Revenue Recognition The Company derives revenue
principally from the sale of in-gamevirtual goods within the Company’s
mobile games available for purchase in-appthrough its Distribution Partners.
In 2018, the Company derived a small portion of its revenue from its Digital
Advertising Services. As of December 31, 2018, the Company ceased providing
Digital Advertising Services. On January 1, 2019, the Company adopted the
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers(“ASC 606”) and its related amendments using the modified
retrospective method. Refer to the Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
section below for the impact of the adoption on the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company determines
revenue recognition through the following steps:
                                                                       
  •    Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer.  
                                                                       
                                                                       
  •    Identification of the performance obligations in the contract.  
                                                                       
                                                
  •    Determination of the transaction price.  
                                                
                                                                            
  •    Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations   
       in the contract.                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies            
       performance obligations.                                             
                                                                            
Revenue is recorded net of the sales tax collected by the Company’s
Distribution Partners from the paying-players. Mobile Games The Company
develops and offers mobile games that allow players to download and play the
game for free on their mobile devices. The Company’s games are distributed
through its Distribution Partners. Players have the option of making in-
gamepurchases to enhance their game-playing experience. All in-gamepurchases
are made through the Distribution Partners who process the payment
transaction on the Company’s behalf. The Distribution Partners process all
in-gamepurchases, deduct their platform fees and then remit the remainder to
the Company. Players are required to accept the terms of use for the
Company’s games prior to making any in-gamepurchases. Payment is required at
time of purchase and the purchase price is fixed at the time of purchase.
Once a player makes a purchase in-game,the purchased virtual goods are
available in the player’s account for use in future game play. F-73

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

The Company’s performance obligations to the paying players are to host the
game
play and continue to provide access to the purchased virtual goods within
the game. These obligations are considered as a single combined performance
obligation because they are not distinct and the purchased virtual goods are
only accessible in the
mobile game in which each purchase is made.

The Company’s performance obligation is satisfied over time as the virtual
goods
are used throughout the gameplay, beginning with the first purchase of the
virtual goods by a player. When the virtual goods are sold, the Company
makes the virtual goods available in the players’ accounts which are used in
the games over time.
As a result, the proceeds from the sale of virtual goods are initially
recorded in deferred revenue. The Company categorizes the virtual goods as
durable because while they reside in the player’s inventory upon purchase,
they are used by the
player over an extended period of playing time. The Company recognizes
revenue from the sale of virtual goods ratably over the estimated average
playing period (“EAPP”) of paying players, which represents the Company’s
best estimate
of the average playing life of paying players for the applicable game. The
EAPP of players begins when a player makes a first purchase (i.e. becomes a
“paying player”), and ends when a player is determined to be inactive.

The Company determines the EAPP on a game-by-game basis.
For a newly-launched game that has limited playing data, the Company
determines its EAPP based on the EAPP of a game that has sufficiently
similar characteristics. The quarterly calculated EAPP was applied to all
bookings in the respective quarter.

Determining the EAPP is inherently subjective and is subject to revision
regularly based on historical playing patterns and other
applicable factors. Future player playing patterns may differ from
historical ones, and therefore, the EAPP may change in the future. The EAPPs
are generally between six and nine months.

The Company recognizes game revenue based on the gross amount paid by the
player because the Company is the principal and has the
contractual right to determine the price to be paid by the player. The
Distribution Partners’ service charges are recorded as cost of revenue as
incurred.

Digital Advertising Services

Beginning in March 2017, the Company entered into Digital Advertising
Services agreements with a number of third parties. The agreements
generally describe the campaign objectives, the agreed upon fee for the
media spend and a fixed period of time for delivery of the advertising
services. Either party could cancel the arrangements after a written notice.
However, the customers are
generally responsible for paying the Company for the media spend incurred
and fees earned through the date of termination. As of December 31, 2018,
the Company had ceased to provide the services. The adoption of ASC 606 had
no impact on revenue
recognized for Digital Advertising Services in 2018.

Customers were typically billed on a monthly basis for digital advertising
campaigns delivered during the prior month. The Company determined
collectability by performing ongoing credit evaluations and monitoring its
customers’ accounts receivable balances. For new customers, the Company
performed a credit check with
an independent credit agency and checked credit references to determine
creditworthiness. The Company recognizes revenue when amounts are not
probable of reversal.

The determination of whether revenue from the Digital Advertising Services
should be reported on a gross or net basis is based on an
assessment of whether the Company is acting as the principal or as an agent
in the transaction. In determining whether the Company acts as the principal
or as an agent, the Company follows the accounting guidance for principal-
agent considerations.
While none of

F-74

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

the factors identified in this guidance is individually considered
presumptive or determinative, the Company has concluded that it acts as a
principal with respect to these arrangements because
the Company is the primary obligor and is responsible for (i) fulfilling the
advertisement delivery, (ii) establishing the selling prices for delivery of
the digital advertisements, (iii) selecting the media to fulfill the digital
advertising campaigns, (iv) performing campaign set-up, campaign management,
billing and collection activities including retaining credit risk, and (v)
has discretion in selecting media vendors when
fulfilling a customer’s campaign. Based on this conclusion, the Company
reports revenue earned and costs incurred with respect to this service on a
gross basis.

Cost of Revenue

Mobile Games

Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses incurred to generate revenue
from the Company’s games. This includes
platform service charges from the Company’s Distribution Partners, data
center expenditures related to operating the games, consulting costs related
to customer support services, salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation
expenses and
facility costs associated with the Company’s customer support and
infrastructure teams. Additionally, the cost of revenue includes
amortization of license asset cost, which is included in depreciation and
amortization expense in the
consolidated statements of operations. See License Assets and License
Obligations, above.

Digital Advertising Services

Cost of revenue consists of media spend and personnel expenses. Media spend
is digital advertisements that the Company purchases from
advertising exchanges or publishers for customer’s campaign and is expensed
as incurred. Personnel expenses include salaries, bonuses, benefits and
stock-based compensation costs associated with those personnel who are
directly involved in the
digital advertising management service including managing customers’
campaigns, purchasing digital advertisements and providing customer support.

Deferred Revenue and Deferred Cost of Revenue

Deferred revenue represents in-game virtual goods that have been purchased
by players, but for
which performance obligation has not yet been satisfied. Deferred revenue
expected to be realized within one year are included in current liabilities
and the remaining deferred revenue, if any, are included in noncurrent
liabilities. The Company
does not have noncurrent deferred revenue at December 31, 2018 and 2019.

Prior to the adoption of ASC 606, deferred cost of
revenue consists primarily of platform service charges from the Distribution
Partners and was recognized as cost of revenue over the same period as that
which the respective deferred revenue is recognized. Upon adoption of ASC
606 on January 1,
2019, the platform service charges are expensed as incurred and the deferred
platform service charges of $38.9 million as of January 1, 2019 after tax
were recorded as a debit to accumulated deficit. Refer to the Recently
Adopted
Accounting Standards section below for the impact of adoption on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements.

During the
year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized approximately $128.0
million of revenue pertaining to amounts that were deferred as of December
31, 2018.

Remaining performance obligations

All of the Company’s remaining performance obligations have an original
expected length of less than one year.

F-75

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Research and Development Expenses The Company’s
research and development expenses primarily consist of salaries, benefits,
and stock-based compensation cost for its engineers and developers, except
for certain internal-usesoftware development costs, which may be capitalized
as noted above. Impairment of internal-usesoftware development costs are
recorded in research and development expense. See Note 5. Property,
Equipment and Software.In addition, research and development expenses
include outside services and consulting, as well as associated overhead
costs. Research and development costs that are directly attributable to the
planning, conceptual design and testing of the Company’s games are
recognized as an expense as incurred. Sales and Marketing Expenses Sales and
marketing expenses primarily represent direct advertising and acquisition
marketing expenses incurred to expand the number of active players. Such
costs are expensed as incurred, except for production costs for
advertisements. Production costs for advertisements are initially deferred
as prepaid assets and expensed when the advertisement has been run. Direct
advertising and user acquisition marketing expenses for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019 were $129.0 million and $86.5 million,
respectively. Stock-Based Compensation Stock Options The Company applies the
provisions of ASC 718, Stock Compensation, with respect to options granted
to employees. ASC 718 requires companies to estimate the fair value of
stock-based compensation awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing
model. The value of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is
recognized as an expense, generally using the straight-line method over the
requisite service period of four years, in the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations. No compensation cost is recorded for options that
do not vest. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model as the
method for determining the estimated fair value of stock options. The Black-
Scholes model requires the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions,
which determine the fair value of stock-based awards, including the fair
value of the Company’s common stock, the expected term, the price volatility
of the underlying stock, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The
Company’s assumptions used in determining the fair value for grants during
the year are as follows:
                                                                  
                                         2018               2019  
  Expected terms (in years)       0.00 - 6.07        0.11 - 6.03  
  Expected volatility          8.28% - 48.25%    35.00% - 42.98%  
  Expected dividend yield                   —                  —  
  Risk-free interest rate       1.31% - 3.07%      1.64% - 2.61%  
                                                                  
Expected Term—The Company’s expected term represents the period of time that
the Company’s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is
determined using the simplified method described in the Staff Accounting
Bulletin (SAB) No. 107, as amended by SAB No. 110, Share-Based Payment.
Expected Volatility—Expected volatility is estimated using comparable public
company volatility for similar expected term. F-76

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Expected Dividend—The Black-Scholes valuation model calls for a single
expected dividend yield as an input, and the Company has never paid
dividends and has no plans to pay dividends.

Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest rate used in the Black-
Scholes valuation model is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in
effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term
of the option.

Estimated Forfeitures—The Company uses an annual estimated forfeiture rate
based on the Company’s actual historical
forfeitures.

The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to nonemployees in
accordance with the provisions of ASC 718,
Stock Compensation, and ASC 505, Equity. ASC 718 and ASC 505 require the use
of option valuation models to measure the fair value of the options at the
measurement date. The fair value of the equity instrument is re-measured as
the equity instrument vests or at reporting date if the equity instrument is
outstanding, and the resulting change in value, if any, is recognized in the
consolidated statements of operations during
the period the service is rendered.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability
approach, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the financial statements. Under this approach, the Company
determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the
differences between the financial
statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax
rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and
liabilities is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date.

The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more
likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Company
considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future
taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations.
If the Company determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax
assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment
to the
deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision
for income taxes.

The Company records uncertain tax
positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in
which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than not that
the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the
technical merits of the position; and, (2) for those tax positions that meet
the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the
largest amount of tax benefit that is more than
50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related
tax authority.

The Company recognizes interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on interest expense and the
general and administrative expense, respectively, in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are
included on the related
liability lines in the consolidated balance sheets.

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards

Revenue Recognition

In May
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued new guidance
on revenue from contracts with customers. The new standard provides
principle for recognizing revenue

F-77

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 when control of promised goods or services is
transferred to customers with the expected consideration in exchange for
those goods or services, as well as guidance on the recognition of costs
related to obtaining and fulfilling customer contracts. The standard also
requires expanded disclosures about the nature, amount, timing, and
uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets
recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The Company
adopted the standard on January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective
method, which was applied to customer contracts that were not completed as
of January 1, 2019. The Company’s results of operations beginning after
January 1, 2019 are presented in accordance with ASC 606, while prior
periods continue to be reported in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue
Recognition. The most significant impact of adopting the new revenue
standard was to record the platform service charges as costs of revenue in
the period incurred. Although the platform service charges are incremental
in nature, these charges are not costs incurred solely in the Company’s
effort to obtain the contract and there are no sales or marketing efforts
made by the platform providers. As platform service charges do not clearly
meet the criteria for capitalization as either incremental costs of
obtaining a contract or fulfillment costs, such charges are expensed as
incurred. As a result of adopting the new revenue standard, the following
adjustments were made to the Company’s consolidated balance sheet at January
1, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Consolida…                                                                
  Balance             December                               January        
  Sheets              31, 2018          Adjustments          1,2019         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $       38,884       $  (38,884      )    $  —              
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…          (961,224  )       (38,884      )       (1,000,108  )  
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2019
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                                             Amount                         
  Consolida…                                without             Changes     
  Statements                            adoption of              due to     
  of                 Amount as                  ASC            adoption     
  Operations          reported                  606          of ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of       $      161,023       $      169,360       $      (8,337  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  costs and            473,868              482,205              (8,337  )  
  expenses                                                                  
  Loss from            (73,568  )           (81,905  )            8,337     
  operations                                                                
  Loss                                                                      
  before              (235,421  )          (243,758  )            8,337     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss            (236,094  )          (244,431  )            8,337     
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                             Amount                         
                                            without             Changes     
  Consolida…                            adoption of              due to     
  Balance          Amount as                    ASC            adoption     
  Sheets           reported                     606          of ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $  —                 $       30,548       $     (30,548  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…       (936,872     )          (945,209  )            8,337     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
Statement of Cash Flows In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance, which
provides clarification for the classification of certain cash receipts and
payments for eight cash flow topics, thereby reducing current and potential
F-78

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

future diversity in practice. In November 2016, the FASB issued additional
cash flow guidance, which requires amounts generally described as restricted
cash and restricted cash equivalents be
included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-
period and
end-of-period total amounts shown in the statement of cash flows. The
Company adopted these standards on January 1, 2019 on a retrospectively
basis. The adoption of
the standard did not have a material impact on our statement of cash flows.

Stock-Based Compensation

In June 2018, the FASB issued new guidance to simplify and improve the
accounting for nonemployee share-based payments. Currently, the
accounting requirements for nonemployee and employee share-based payment
transactions are significantly different. This standard expands the scope of
Topic 718 to include share-based payments issued to nonemployees for goods
or services,
aligning the accounting for share-based payments to nonemployees and
employees. This standard is effective for the Company’s fiscal year
beginning January 1, 2020 and early adoption is permitted. The Company early
adopted this new standard
effective January 1, 2019, and the adoption of this standard did not have
impact on the consolidated financial statements.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

Leases

In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on lease accounting. Among
its provision, the standard requires lessees to recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheets for operating leases and
also requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about
lease
arrangements. This new guidance will be effective for its fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance
on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures.

Fair Value Measurements

In August 2018, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update which
eliminates, adds and modifies certain disclosure requirements for
fair value measurements. The update eliminates the requirement to disclose
the amount of and reasons for transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy, and introduces a requirement to disclose the range and
weighted
average used to develop significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair
value measurements. This guidance will be effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2019. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Income Tax

In December 2019,
the FASB issued guidance that simplifies the accounting for incomes taxes by
removing certain exceptions to the general principles in ASC 740, Income
taxes, and amending existing guidance to improve consistent application. For
private
entities, the new guidance will be effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2021. Most amendments within this standard are required
to be applied on a prospective basis, while certain amendments must be
applied on a
retrospective or modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new
accounting guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures.

F-79

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 3. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents
at December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                 
                              2018         2019  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash                  $   60,565    $  44,353  
  Restricted cash           28,000       13,057  
  Money market funds        30,126       34,349  
  Total                 $  118,691    $  91,759  
                                                 
4. Fair Value Measurements ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, which defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in U.S. GAAP,
and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This codification
applies under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair
value measurements. ASC 820 clarifies that fair value is an exit price,
representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.
As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined
based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, ASC 820
establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs, such as
quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets, or
liabilities. Level 2—Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either
directly or indirectly. Level 3—Unobservable inputs in which there is little
or no market data, which requires the Company to develop its own assumptions
about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models,
discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques. The carrying amounts of
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net, prepaid expenses,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the
short-term nature of these items. Based on the borrowing rates currently
available to the Company for loans payable with similar terms, the carrying
value of the term loans payable and license obligations approximate their
fair value. The following table summarizes the Company’s financial
instruments’ classification within the fair value hierarchy as of December
31, 2018 as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   28,000    $  —          $        —    $  28,000  
  Money market             30,126       —                   —       30,126  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   58,126    $  —          $        —    $  58,126  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $      773    $     773  
  liabilities                                                               
  Total                $        —    $  —          $      773    $     773  
                                                                            
F-80

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following table summarizes the Company’s financial
instruments’ classification within the fair value hierarchy as of December
31, 2019 as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $        —    $  13,057  
  Money market             34,349       —                   —       34,349  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   47,406    $  —          $        —    $  47,406  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
  liabilities                                                               
  Total                $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
                                                                            
Level 1 investments consist solely of money market funds, included in cash
and cash equivalents, valued at amortized cost that approximates fair value.
Level 3 instruments consist of preferred and common stock warrant
liabilities (the “stock warrant liabilities”) in which the fair value was
measured upon issuance and is re-measuredat each reporting date. Inputs used
to determine the fair value of the stock warrant liabilities as of the
valuation date include the remaining contractual term of the warrants, the
risk-free interest rate and volatility of the comparable public companies
over the remaining term, and the estimated fair value of the Company’s
underlying common stock. The significant unobservable inputs used in the
fair value measurement of the stock warrant liabilities include the
estimated fair value of the underlying common stock and the estimated term
of the warrants. Generally, increases (decreases) in the fair value of the
underlying common stock and estimated term would result in a directionally
similar impact on the fair value measurement of the stock warrant
liabilities. See Note 13— Stock Warrants. A reconciliation of the stock
warrant liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
is as follows (in thousands):
                                                         
  Fair value—December 31, 2017             $   2,301     
  Change in fair value of stock warrant       (1,528  )  
  liabilities                                            
  Fair value—December 31, 2018             $     773     
  Change in fair value of stock warrant          957     
  liabilities                                            
  Fair value—December 31, 2019             $   1,730     
                                                         
The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in connection with the
issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 and are carried at fair value in
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. For determination of the derivative
liabilities and fair value changes for the year ended December 31, 2019,
please see Note 10. Convertible Promissory Notesand Note 11. Derivative
Liabilities. F-81

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 5. Property, Equipment and Software Property,
equipment and software, net, at December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                 2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment and software         $   163,695       $   161,463     
  Internal use software development            25,475            33,183     
  costs                                                                     
  Furniture and fixtures                        4,560             4,298     
  Leasehold improvements                       47,541            47,489     
  Total property, equipment and               241,271           246,433     
  software                                                                  
  Less: accumulated depreciation and         (147,729  )       (181,732  )  
  amortization                                                              
  Add: construction in progress                   260                 —     
  Property, equipment and software,       $    93,802       $    64,701     
  net                                                                       
                                                                            
Depreciation and amortization expense on property, equipment and software,
including equipment and software acquired under capital lease arrangements
and internal-use software development costs, for the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2019, was $60.9 million and $38.6 million, respectively. The
Company capitalized internal-use software development costs of $10.0 million
and $7.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively, and recognized amortization expense of $3.6 million and $5.6
million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. For
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company recorded $3.1
million and $0, respectively, of impairment charge related to internal use
software development costs. The Company entered into various capital lease
agreements with equipment lessors to acquire data center equipment and
software. Each lease is secured by the underlying leased assets. Equipment
and software acquired under the capital leases is depreciated over the
shorter of the lease terms, generally three years, or their estimated useful
life, which generally is also three years. The assets under the capital
lease arrangements are included in computer equipment and software in the
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2019 as follows (in
thousands):
                                                                           
                                                 2018             2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Equipment and software acquired under    $   95,536       $   67,223     
  capital lease                                                            
  Less: accumulated depreciation and          (63,016  )       (58,000  )  
  amortization                                                             
  Equipment and software acquired under    $   32,520       $    9,223     
  capital lease, net                                                       
                                                                           
Depreciation expense relating to assets acquired under capital leases was
$47.4 million and $23.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively. See Note 12. Capital Lease Obligations. 6. Intangible
Assets The following table presents the activity of intangible assets, net,
for the year ended December 31, 2018 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                       Gross Carrying       Accumulated           Net Book  
                                Value       Amortization             Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Existing          $             540    $  (423          )    $       117  
  technology                                                                
  Acquired                        376       (295          )             81  
  technology                                                                
  Domain Name                   3,068       —                        3,068  
                    $           3,984    $  (718          )    $     3,266  
                                                                            
F-82

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following table presents the activity of
intangible assets, net, for the year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                   Gross                                               Net  
                Carrying       Accumul…                               Book  
                   Value       Amortiz…          Impairm…            Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Existi…    $       540    $  (540      )    $  —              $        —  
  techno…                                                                   
  Acquir…            376       (376      )       —                       —  
  techno…                                                                   
  Domain           3,068       —                 (798      )         2,270  
  Name                                                                      
             $     3,984    $  (916      )    $  (798      )    $    2,270  
                                                                            
Amortization expense on the intangible assets was $0.2 million for each of
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019. There was no impairment recorded
in 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recorded an
impairment charge of approximately $0.8 million. 7. License Assets and
License Obligations In October 2016, the Company entered into a license
agreement with a third party (“Licensor”), whereby the Company will receive
a license to use the Licensor’s content in the Company’s game over a four-
year initial term with an option to renew the license for up to three
additional two-yearterms. The fixed license payments over the initial term
for the license total 10.0 billion Japanese Yen which are being paid over
the contract term. The license agreement also includes annual royalties of
10% of the net profit derived from the Company’s game containing the
Licensor’s content, up to 1.0 billion Japanese Yen. As no significant
performance obligations remain with the Licensor for these payments, the
Company recorded the fixed license payments as license assets and license
obligations at their fair value on the contract date, based on a discounted
cash flow model. Over the initial term of the license agreement, the Company
records imputed interest on the license obligations up to the payment dates
with related interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company also records foreign currency gains or losses in other income,
net, in the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company recorded an unrealized foreign
currency loss of $1.1 million and $1.6 million, respectively, realized
foreign currency gain of $0 million and $0.8 million, respectively, and
interest expense of $2.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively. In August
2018, the Company entered into an amendment to the licensed agreement with
its Licensor. In accordance with the amendment, the term of the license
agreement is extended through December 2021 with the option to renew for
additional terms by mutual agreement of the parties. Additionally, the
timing of the remaining fixed license payments are extended through October
2021. The amortization of the license assets commenced when the licensed
product was launched in 2017 and was recorded on a straight-line basis over
the shorter of the remaining license term or estimated useful life of the
licensed product. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, $21.0
million and $17.6 million, respectively, were recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations. The expected future amortization expense of
license assets as of December 31, 2019 is as follows (in thousands):
                                          
  Years Ending December 31,               
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                         $  17,681  
  2021                            17,633  
  Total                        $  35,314  
                                          
F-83

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The following table summarizes the future license
payments for the Company’s license obligations at December 31, 2019 (in
thousands):
                                                           
  Years Ending December 31,                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                      $   18,416     
  2021                                          18,416     
  Total license payments                        36,832     
  Less:                                                    
  Imputed interest                              (1,150  )  
  Current portion of license obligations       (17,628  )  
  License obligations, long-term            $   18,054     
                                                           
8. Accrued and Other Current Liabilities Accrued current liabilities at
December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                
                             2018         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Payroll related       $  21,625    $  23,551  
  Marketing expenses        6,170        4,594  
  Other                       991          566  
  Legal fees                  303          314  
  Media spend                   2            —  
  Total                 $  29,091    $  29,025  
                                                
Other current liabilities at December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                 
                                              2018         2019  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Other taxes payable                    $  12,382    $  12,772  
  Office lease : cease-use obligation        3,253       13,769  
  Other                                      4,910        3,126  
  Total                                  $  20,545    $  29,667  
                                                                 
9. Debt Loan Facilities In June 2013, the Company entered into an accounts
receivable loan agreement (the “Accounts Receivable Loan I”) with its bank
for a revolving line of credit not to exceed the lesser of (i) $5.0 million
or (ii) the amount equal to 80% of eligible accounts receivable. The
interest rate was fixed at 5.00%, and interest only payments were due each
month following June 2013, with all principal due on June 21, 2014. The
Company had certain covenants, including the submission of annual audited
consolidated financial statements and was required to maintain $2.0 million
of restricted cash balance with the bank at all times. The Accounts
Receivable Loan I continues to be secured by the cash, cash equivalents and
accounts receivable of the Company with a secondary security interest on the
remaining assets of the Company. In connection with the Accounts Receivable
Loan I, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 616,900 shares of the
Company’s Series B convertible preferred stock at $0.081049 per share. See
Note 13. Stock Warrants. In October 2013, the Company increased the
revolving line of credit under the Accounts Receivable Loan I agreement with
the bank to a total of $10.0 million. Covenants remained similar to F-84

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

the agreement dated June 2013, with an increased requirement to maintain
$2.5 million of restricted cash balance with the bank at all times. The
interest rate remained fixed at 5.00%, and
interest only payments were due each month following October 2013, with all
principal due on June 21, 2014. In connection with the Accounts Receivable
Loan I, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 740,300 shares of the
Company’s
Series B convertible preferred stock at $0.081049 per share. See Note 13.
Stock Warrants.

From time to time subsequent to
October 2013, the Company has entered into amendments of the Accounts
Receivable Loan I to align its terms with the Company’s operations.

In February 2018, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement to the Accounts Receivable Loan I
with the bank on similar terms and conditions to the Second Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement, however, the maturity date of the
Accounts Receivable Loan I was extended from February 26, 2018 to July 31,
2020.

The Accounts Receivable Loan I contains various covenants. In June 2018, the
Company entered into discussion with its lender to amend
the covenants to take into account the Company’s intention to streamline its
business operations. In August 2018, the Company entered into an agreement
to amend the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement to amend
certain
financial covenants, and to waive the existing covenants through the date of
the amendment to allow for the Company to streamline its operations. In
accordance with the amendment, the bank also reduced the revolving line of
credit under the Accounts
Receivable Loan I to $30.0 million if certain conditions were met.

In March 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to
establish the 2019 financial covenants and eliminate one of its financial
covenants and address changes to its subsidiaries. In June and July 2019,
the Company entered into amendments to revise the measurement date of
certain covenants and modify
and/or eliminate certain of its other financial covenants.

As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the outstanding borrowing under
this loan facility was $22.3 million and $11.6 million, respectively. The
interest rate were 6.00% and 5.25% for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively.

Additional Loan Facility

In May 2015, the Company entered into an additional loan facility (the “Loan
II”) with a financial institution. The Loan II
permits borrowings of up to $100.0 million and is secured by all property of
the Company, except intellectual property. The Loan II bears an annual rate
of interest equal to the greater of either (i) the prime rate as reported in
The Wall
Street Journal, plus 2.50% or (ii) 6.75%. The Loan II also carries a
contractual payment-in-kind (“PIK”) interest rate of 3.00%. The increases in
the loan
payable balance as a result of contractual PIK arrangement were included in
the consolidated statements of operations for the periods in which such PIK
interest was accrued. Interest only payments are due each month beginning
June 2015 through April
2018. The principal and any accrued but unpaid interest is due in May 2018.

The Company incurred fees and legal expenses totaling
$0.3 million in connection with the Loan II, which had initially been
recorded as a deferred financing asset on the consolidated balance sheets
and amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the Loan
II until July 2016, at
which time, the remaining balance was reclassified as part of the debt
discount in accordance with the debt issuance costs accounting standard
adopted by the Company in 2016. The Company also paid $0.5 million in fees
to the financial
institution upon origination of the Loan II and was also reflected as a debt
discount. The debt discount is amortized over the term of the Loan II.

F-85

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

In connection with the Loan II, the Company issued warrants to allow the
financial
institution to receive a total of 1,552,790 shares of common stock upon the
exercise of the warrants. The aggregate estimated fair value of the warrants
upon issuance was $2.2 million. The Company recorded the fair value of the
warrants at
issuance as a debt discount and as other long-term liability. The debt
discount associated with the warrants is amortized using the effective
interest method as additional interest expense over the term of the Loan II.
See Note 13. Stock Warrants.

In February 2018, the Company paid the loan facility in its entirety. During
the year ended December 31, 2018,
the Company recorded $2.4 million of interest expenses related to the Loan
II.

Debt Financing

In February 2018, the Company entered into a financing agreement (“Financing
Agreement”) with a financial institution for a
principal amount of $200.0 million. In connection with the Financing
Agreement, the Company entered into a pledge and security agreement with
this financial institution, whereby subject to the lien interests of the
Accounts Receivable Loan I,
the Company granted the financial institution a continuing security interest
in all of the Company’s assets. In February 2018, the Company used $108.7
million under the Financing Agreement to repay the Loan II in its entirety.
Additionally, the Company incurred $3.6 million of debt discount, including
the warrant issuance described below, and $7.3 million of financing fees.
The Financing Agreement has various financial covenant requirements, as well
as the
submission of annual audited financials. The Financing Agreement is secured
by all property of the Company with the exception of a secondary security
interest on the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable.

The Financing Agreement bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the
Eurodollar Rate plus an applicable margin rate of 8.50%.
Interest only monthly payments are due in arrears, and the principal, and
all accrued but unpaid interest is due on February 1, 2021.

In connection with the Financing Agreement, the Company issued warrants to
the financial institution to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares
of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price per share equal to
$0.00001 with a term that is ten years from the date of issuance. The shares
vest in two tranches: 1,000,000 shares vest on February 2, 2018 and
1,000,000 shares will
vest on December 31, 2018 if certain conditions are met. As of December 31,
2018, all the shares under the warrants were fully vested.

The Financing Agreement contains various covenants. In June 2018, the
Company entered into discussions with its lender to amend the
covenants to take into account the Company’s intention to streamline its
business operations. In August 2018, the Company entered into an agreement
to amend the Financing Agreement to amend certain financial and
non-financial covenants and to waive the original covenants through the date
of the amendment to allow for the Company’s streamlined operations. The
amendment was accounted for as an early debt
extinguishment. As part of the debt extinguishment, the Company expensed
$9.8 million of the unamortized debt discount. The Company also incurred
$2.0 million debt issuance cost which was expensed immediately.
Additionally, the Company
incurred approximately $0.2 million of financing fees that is accounted for
as a debt discount against the new debt. The charges associated with the
early debt extinguishment outlined above have been recorded in other income
(expense), net.

In accordance with the amendment, the interest rate per annum is amended to
the Eurodollar Rate, plus an applicable margin rate of
13.50%, on and after July 1, 2018, of which 3.00% is accounted for as
payment-in-kind interest (“PIK”). Interest only monthly payments are due in
arrears,
and the principal, PIK and all accrued but unpaid interest is due on
February 1, 2021.

F-86

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

In March 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to establish the 2019
financial
covenants and eliminate one of its financial covenants and address changes
to its subsidiaries. In June and July 2019, the Company entered into
amendments to revise the measurement date of certain covenants and modify
and/or eliminate certain of its
other financial covenants. Under the terms of the Financing Agreement, the
Company is required to maintain minimum liquidity of $30 million through
June 2020, $40 million in July 2020 and then $60 million for the remaining
term of the
Financing Agreement (February 2021).

At December 31, 2018 and 2019, the interest rate was 15.85% and 15.20%,
respectively.

10. Convertible Promissory Notes

On
July 12, 2019 (the “Effective Date”), the Company entered into a convertible
promissory note purchase agreement with certain investors of the Company
(the “NPA”) whereby each investor agreed to purchase a note from the
Company (each, a “Convertible Note” and collectively, the “Convertible
Notes”) for an aggregate principal amount of $142.9 million. Of the $142.9
million, $100.0 million was new capital received by the Company. The
remaining $42.9 million in Convertible Notes were issued upon conversion of
Series C Preferred Shares and Series D Preferred Shares held by the
Convertible Notes investors. In total, 1,318,694 shares of Series C
Preferred shares converted into
Convertible Notes and 10,183,313 shares of Series D Preferred shares
converted into Convertible Notes (See Note 15. Stockholders’ Deficit).

The Convertible Notes bear interest of 10% per annum and mature on the
second anniversary of the Effective Date. The Convertible Notes
may, at the election of a noteholder, be converted if the Company
consummates a qualified financing or qualified initial public offering (each
a “Conversion Event”) prior to maturity. In the event of a qualified
financing each Convertible
Note may be converted into the most senior series of preferred stock issued
in such qualified financing. In the event of a qualified initial public
offering, each Convertible Note may be converted into common stock. Any such
conversion upon a
Conversion event shall be at the conversion price stipulated in the
Convertible Notes. If a Conversion Event occurs and the holder of a
Convertible Note elects not to convert (a “Non-Conversion
Event”), such Convertible Note shall bear interest at the then-current 5
year U.S. Treasury rate plus 2% and mature on the fifth anniversary of the
Effective Date. Where a Non-Conversion Event occurs, the
Company must redeem the Convertible Note(s) at 100% of the outstanding
balance at maturity.

If a Conversion Event has not occurred
and the Company consummates a sale of the Company prior to the maturity
date, each Convertible Note may, at the election of the noteholder be
converted into the most senior series of preferred in issue at the time of
or to be issued immediately
prior to the sale at the conversion price stipulated in the Convertible
Notes. If a Conversion Event has not occurred and the Company consummates an
initial public offering that is not a qualified initial public offering,
each Convertible Note may,
at the election of the noteholder, be converted into common stock at the
conversion price stipulated in the Convertible Notes. Where a note holder
elects not to convert in the event of a sale of the Company or an initial
public offering that is not
a qualified initial public offering, the Company must redeem 200% of the
outstanding balance upon such sale of or initial public offering.

Where no Conversion Event, Non-Conversion Event, sale of the Company, or
initial public offering
that is not a qualified initial public offering has occurred at maturity,
the holders elect to convert the outstanding balance, in whole or in part
the most senior series of preferred stock in issue upon maturity. Where a
noteholder elects not to so
convert at maturity, the Company must redeem 300% of the outstanding balance
upon maturity. The Company also has to accelerate and redeem the Convertible
Note at 100% of the outstanding balance upon an event of default.

F-87

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 In accounting for the Convertible Notes issued on July
12, 2019, the Company has evaluated the Convertible Notes for terms and
conditions that would be considered to be features of embedded derivatives.
Certain conversion and redemption features are not clearly and closely
associated with the risk of the debt-type host instrument and are required
to be separately accounted for as derivative financial instruments when
certain conditions are met. The Company bifurcated these embedded conversion
and redemption (“embedded derivatives) features from the Convertible Notes
and classified these embedded derivatives as liabilities measured at fair
value (See Note 11. Derivative Liabilities). The carrying amount of the
Convertible Notes was determined by deducting the fair value of the embedded
derivatives from the sum of cash received and fair value of the Series C and
D shares converted. The Convertible Notes include a beneficial conversion
feature (“BCF”) of $297.1 million equal to the intrinsic value of the option
to convert into the Series D preferred shares at maturity. The intrinsic
value of the BCF was $165.0 million greater than the proceeds of $132.1
million allocated to the Convertible Notes, the amount of the discount
assigned to the BCF shall be limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated
to the convertible instrument. The BCF of $132.1 million was bifurcated and
separately accounted for in additional paid-incapital. As the initial
carrying amount of the Convertible Notes was zero due to the BCF, the debt
discount of the Convertible Notes is amortized under the straight-line
method over the terms of the Convertible Notes. As all proceeds from the
Convertible Notes were allocated to the BCF, the embedded derivative
liabilities were recorded at fair value through recognition of interest
expense in the consolidated statements of operations at inception. The
convertible notes are recorded as part of the Loans Payable, Long-term. The
following table sets forth the components of the Convertible Notes as of
July 12, 2019 and December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                               July 12, 2019          December 31, 2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Principal                 $        142,857       $            142,857     
  300% settlement amount                                                    
  in excess of                                                              
  principal and                      345,714                    345,714     
  paid-in-kind interest                                                     
  at                                                                        
  maturity                                                                  
  Unamortized debt                  (488,571  )                (374,308  )  
  discount                                                                  
  Net carrying amount       $              —       $            114,263     
  Embedded derivatives      $          9,997       $                  —     
                                                                            
The following table sets forth interest expense recognized in the
consolidated statement of operations related to the Convertible Notes as of
July 12, 2019 and for the year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                        For the Year Ended  
                                    July 12, 2019        December 31, 2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Embedded derivatives fair      $          9,997    $               9,997  
  value                                                                     
  Debt issuance costs                       2,009                    2,009  
  Contractual interest                          —                    6,733  
  expense                                                                   
  Amortization of debt                          —                  114,263  
  discount                                                                  
  Total interest expense         $         12,006    $             133,002  
  recognized                                                                
                                                                            
F-88

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 11. Derivative Liabilities The Company’s derivative
liabilities originated in connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes
in July 2019 and are carried at fair value (see Note 10. Convertible
Promissory Notes). The changes in the fair value of the derivative
liabilities are recorded in other income of the consolidated statements of
operations. The following table summarizes the changes in fair value of the
derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                             December 31, 2019     
  Beginning balance—December 31, 2018                        —     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Derivative liabilities in connection                   9,997     
  with Convertible Notes (Note 10)                                 
  Changes in fair value                                 (9,997  )  
  Ending balance—December 31, 2019        $                  —     
                                                                   
Estimating fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the
development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely
to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in
internal and external market factors. Since derivative financial instruments
are initially and subsequently carried at fair value, the Company’s income
will reflect the volatility in these estimate and assumption changes. The
features embedded in the Convertible Notes are combined into one compound
embedded derivative and its fair value is calculated as the difference
between the fair value of the Convertible Notes with embedded derivative and
the fair value of the Convertible Notes without embedded derivative using an
analysis based on discounted cash flows. The analysis simulates multiple
outcomes over the period to maturity using multiple assumption inputs for
the expected period to financing or maturity. The Company’s assumptions used
in determining the fair value of derivative liabilities as of July 12, 2019
and December 31, 2019 are as follows:
                                                                            
                                        July 12, 2019    December 31, 2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Time to financing or maturity (in     1 - 2            1 - 1.53           
  years)                                                                    
  Expected volatility                   15%              13%                
  Expected dividend yield               —                —                  
  Risk-free interest rate               1.84% - 1.96%    1.58% - 1.59%      
                                                                            
Expected Term—The expected term represents the period of time that the
Company expects to raise working capital or repayment of the Convertible
Notes. Expected Volatility—The expected volatility is the class specific
volatility, which is estimated using comparable public company volatility
for similar expected term and indicated value of related stock class.
Expected Dividend—The Company has never paid dividends and has no plans to
pay dividends. Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest rate is
interpolated from U.S. Government Constant Maturity Treasury rates for a
period corresponding to the expected date of financing or maturity. 12.
Capital Lease Obligations Beginning in 2015, the Company entered into lease
arrangements with various equipment lessors in order to lease data center
servers, network equipment and software. The leases are determined to be
capital leases as they met one or more of the four capital lease criteria.
Capital leases outstanding F-89

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 at December 31, 2019 generally have a three-year term
and mature at various dates until 2021, and bear interest rates ranging from
5.53% to 12.31% per annum. The aggregated monthly payments ranged from $2.8
million to $5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2018, and from $1.2
million to $2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The Company
recorded $3.8 million and $1.5 million of interest expense in relation to
the capital lease arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively. See Note 5. Property, Equipment and Software. The
following table summarizes the present value of future minimum lease
payments under the Company’s capital lease obligations at December 31, 2019
(in thousands):
                                                         
  Years Ending December 31,                              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                    $   10,801     
  2021                                           797     
  Total minimum lease payments                11,598     
  Less:                                                  
  Imputed interest                              (343  )  
  Current portion of capital lease           (10,464  )  
  obligations                                            
  Capital lease obligations, long-term    $      791     
                                                         
13. Stock Warrants Preferred Stock Warrants On June 21, 2013 and October 31,
2013, in connection with a financing agreement with a financial institution,
as described in Note 9. Debt, the Company issued warrants to purchase
616,900 shares and 740,300 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock,
respectively, with an exercise price of $0.081049 per share. The warrants
are exercisable for 10 years from the date of issuance. The Company
determined that these preferred stock warrants met the requirements for
liability classification under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, due to the
existence of down-round provisions. The fair value of the warrant was
approximately $0.1 million at the time of issuance, calculated using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the preferred stock
warrants liability was re-valuedat each reporting period, and the changes in
its fair value were recorded in other income, net in the consolidated
statements of operations. The fair value of the common stock warrant
liability was re-valuedat both December 31, 2018 and 2019, and $0.1 million
gain and $0.7 million loss were recorded in other income (expense), net in
the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2019, respectively. At December 31, 2019, 1,357,200 warrants for
shares of Series B convertible preferred stock were outstanding. The
Company’s assumptions used in determining the fair value of preferred stock
warrants as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
                                                               
                                      2018               2019  
  Expected terms (in years)    4.47 - 4.84        3.47 - 3.84  
  Expected volatility               38.40%    40.03% - 40.58%  
  Expected dividend yield                —                  —  
  Risk-free interest rate            2.51%      1.62% - 1.66%  
                                                               
Common Stock Warrants—In connection with the 2015 Loan II facility, the
Company issued common stock warrants to allow the financial institution to
receive shares of the Company’s common stock up to the sum of a) $500,000,
plus b) 1.5% of the aggregate advances made under the Loan II. From May 2015
through December 2016, the Company issued warrants on a total of 1,552,790
shares F-90

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 of common stock upon exercise of the warrants. The
warrants are immediately exercisable, at an exercise price of zero per
share, and expire on the earlier of May 8, 2025 or upon the consummation of
an initial public offering or a change in control of the Company. The
Company determined that these common stock warrants met the requirements for
liability classification under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity. On the dates of issuance, the aggregate fair values of the warrants
totaled $2.2 million, calculated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model,
and was reflected as a discount to the loan payable and other long-term
liabilities in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of
the common stock warrant liability was re-valuedat both December 31, 2018
and 2019, and $1.4 million gain and $0.2 million loss were recorded in other
income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations for the
years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. As of December 31,
2019, 1,552,790 shares of common stock warrants were outstanding. The
Company’s assumptions used in determining the fair value of common stock
warrants as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
                                                     
                                2018        2019     
  Expected terms (in years)     6.36        5.35     
  Expected volatility          40.25  %    41.62  %  
  Expected dividend yield          —           —     
  Risk-free interest rate       2.59  %     1.69  %  
                                                     
In connection with the 2018 financing agreement, the Company issued warrants
to allow the financial institution to receive 2,000,000 shares of the
Company’s common stock. At December 31, 2018, the warrants were immediately
exercisable with an exercisable price of $0.00001 per share and expire on
February 2, 2028. The Company determined that these common stock warrants
met the requirements for equity classification in accordance with ASC 480,
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. On the dates of issuance, the
aggregate fair values of the warrants totaled $1.1 million, calculated using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model, and was reflected as a discount to the
loan payable and stockholders’ deficit in the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets. As of December 31, 2019, 2,000,000 shares of common stock warrants
remained outstanding. The Company’s assumptions used in determining the fair
value of common stock warrants as of December 31, 2018 are as follows:
                                                
                                          2018  
  Expected terms (in years)       9.10 - 10.01  
  Expected volatility          43.28% - 49.01%  
  Expected dividend yield                    —  
  Risk-free interest rate        2.66% - 2.84%  
                                                
14. Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases The Company leases office
and colocation facilities under non-cancellableoperating lease and sublease
agreements that expire at various terms through 2028. In August 2014, the
Company entered into three non-cancelableoffice sublease agreements and one
sublease option for a total of approximately 380,000 square feet for use as
its headquarters in Palo Alto, California. The lease terms have been amended
in 2016, 2017 and 2018. In August 2019, the Company entered into an
arrangement with the property owner to terminate the sublease arrangement
for two of the buildings. In consideration of the early termination, the
Company agreed to F-91

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 pay $20 million to the property owner in four
installments through August 2020, which was recorded in general and
administrative expense in August 2019. The remaining sublease agreements
expire in 2028. In 2016, the Company entered into another operating sublease
agreement for office space in Palo Alto, California over the sublease term
of 60 months expiring in 2022. In June 2018, the Company ceased to use one
of its office facilities in Palo Alto, California and recorded a cease-
useloss of $7.8 million. The lease does not expire until 2022 and the
Company is currently subleasing the space. The cease-useloss was calculated
as the present value of the remaining lease obligation offset by the
sublease rental receipts during the remaining lease period, adjusted for
deferred items and lease incentives. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the
cease-useobligation was $4.1 million and $1.4 million, respectively. The
lease abandonment cost is included in general and administrative expense in
the consolidated statements of operations. Under the terms of the leases and
subleases, the Company is responsible for certain insurance, property tax,
and maintenance expenses. These repair and maintenance cost on the major
equipment are expensed as incurred. Additionally, certain lease and sublease
agreements provide for rental payments on a graduated basis. The Company
recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the terms of the lease
or sublease commitments. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
rent expense was $22.7 million and $15.8 million, respectively. The
following summarizes the future minimum payments under the Company’s
operating leases, subleases, colocation facility, and sublease proceeds
under non-cancelableoperating leases at December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                          
  Years Ending December 31,                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                     $   27,544     
  2021                                         26,845     
  2022                                         21,652     
  2023                                         16,747     
  2024                                         17,250     
  Thereafter                                   63,723     
  Total minimum lease payments                173,761     
  Less: non-cancellable sublease income       (23,294  )  
  Total                                    $  150,467     
                                                          
Letter of Credit Agreements In August 2014, the Company entered into two
standby letters of credit agreements (“LOCs”) with a bank in lieu of a
deposit under the Company’s sublease agreements for certain office
buildings. Under these three LOCs, the Company’s landlord can draw up to
$20.0 million under certain conditions. In August 2019, the Company
terminated certain of its sublease arrangements and accordingly, the LOC has
also been reduced to $13.1 million as of December 31, 2019. These LOCs are
required through June 2027. In July 2015, the Company entered into an
additional LOC agreement with the bank that provides for a $12.5 million to
support the Company’s capital leases. The LOC that was subsequently reduced
to $8.0 million and $4.0 million in August 2018 and February 2019,
respectively, and by December 31, 2019, the Company is no longer required to
maintain any LOC on the Company’s capital leases. F-92

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

In September 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with a bank that
provides for
a $6.8 million irrevocable LOC for a sublease agreement. Consequently, the
borrowing availability under the Accounts Receivable Loan I was reduced by
$6.8 million from $30.0 million to $23.2 million. See Note 9. Debt.

The LOCs may not exceed the aggregate loan value of the collateral, which is
defined as all assets held or to be held in custody
accounts, safeguarding accounts, investment management accounts, and/or
other accounts with the bank. The Company is in compliance with this
requirement through December 31, 2019.

No amounts were drawn against the LOCs during the years presented.

Purchase Obligations

As of December 31, 2019, the Company had no additional material purchase
obligations.

Legal Matters

The
Company is at times involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the
normal course of business. Such matters are subject to uncertainties and
outcomes and are not predictable with assurance. The Company assesses the
probability of incurring
any such losses and whether or not those losses are estimable. Amounts are
accrued that are believed to be adequate to address any liabilities related
to legal proceedings and other loss contingencies that are reasonably
estimable.

Wired Real Estate Group, Inc. v. Machine Zone, Inc., JAMS

On March 13, 2018, Wired Real Estate Group, Inc. (“WiredRE”) filed a Demand
for Arbitration against the Company with JAMS
in Las Vegas, Nevada (the “Demand”). While the allegations in the Demand are
vague and do not identify specific claims, the Demand attempts to allege
claims for breach of contract and unjust enrichment arising from the
parties’
AsiaPac Market Data Center/Services Provider Procurement contract. On April
20, 2018, the Company filed its answer to the arbitration demand and
counterclaims seeking relief for breach of contract, breach of the implied
covenant of good faith
and fair dealing, and unjust enrichment against WiredRE.

For the most part, WiredRE’s contention had been that its damages are
around $1.2 million plus legal fees and interest until later in the
litigation when it increased its claimed damages to between $7.5 million to
15.0 million. The arbitration hearing took place between February 24 – 26,
2020
in Las Vegas, Nevada. On February 28, 2020, the arbitrator issued an award
rejecting all of WiredRE’s claims, ruling in favor of the Company, and
declaring the Company the prevailing party in this arbitration. The
arbitrator additionally
awarded the Company attorneys’ fee in the amount of approximately $454,000
to be paid by WiredRE.

F-93

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 15. Stockholders’ Deficit Convertible Preferred Stock
The convertible preferred stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at
December 31, 2018, is as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                 Shares               Net        Aggregate  
                   Shares    Issued and          Carrying       Liquidati…  
               Authorized    Outstandi…            Amount       Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740    113,538,7…    $        4,881    $       4,941  
  Series B     92,502,640    91,145,440             7,345            7,387  
  Series C    142,499,110    142,499,1…           376,314          376,970  
  Series D     77,599,580    65,709,968           253,883          254,035  
  Total       426,140,070    412,893,2…    $      642,423    $     643,333  
                                                                            
The convertible preferred stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at
December 31, 2019, is as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                 Shares               Net        Aggregate  
                   Shares    Issued and          Carrying       Liquidati…  
               Authorized    Outstandi…            Amount       Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740    113,538,7…    $        4,881    $           —  
  Series B     92,502,640    91,145,440             7,345                —  
  Series C    142,499,110    141,180,4…           134,121           93,370  
  Series D     65,709,968    55,526,655            62,190           53,667  
  Total       414,250,458    401,391,2…    $      208,537    $     147,037  
                                                                            
In July 2019, the Company issued Convertible Notes of $42.9 million to the
holders of Series C and Series D upon conversion of 1,318,694 shares of
Series C and 10,183,313 shares of Series D preferred shares (the
“Conversion”, See Note 10. Convertible Promissory Note). The Conversion was
accounted for as an extinguishment for Series C and Series D converted to
the Convertible Notes. The fair value of the Series C and Series D converted
was $1.1 million less than carrying amount of related Series C and Series D,
which represented a return from the holders of Series C and D converted and
recorded as a credit to the accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2019. The
significant rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of Series A,
B, C and D are as follows: Dividends The holders of Series A, B, C, and D
are entitled to receive non-cumulativeannual dividends at the rate of
$0.00348144, $0.00648392, $0.2116328, and $0.30928 per share, respectively,
when and if declared by the Company’s Board of Directors, prior and in
preference to dividends on common stock. Any additional dividends shall be
paid ratably to holders of common and preferred stock, with the holders of
preferred stock participating on an as-ifconverted basis. As of December 31,
2019, no dividends were declared or unpaid on Series A, B, C, and D
convertible preferred stock. Liquidation Right Prior to March 2019, in the
event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company (a
“Liquidation Event,” as defined in the Company’s articles of incorporation),
either voluntary or F-94

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

involuntary, the holders of Series A, B, C, and D will be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution to the holders of
common stock, an amount equal to the original issuance
price of $0.043518, $0.081049, $2.64541, and $3.866, respectively, as
adjusted for any stock splits, combinations, recapitalizations, or the like,
plus any declared and unpaid dividends. If the assets legally available are
insufficient to satisfy
the entire liquidation preference of Series A, B, C, and D, the funds will
be distributed ratably to the holders of Series A, B, C, and D. The
remaining assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of
common stock.

In March 2019, the Company completed a recapitalization agreement with i)
all holders of Series A and Series B preferred shares waiving
100% of their Series A and Series B liquidation preference and ii) all
holders of Series C and all but one holder of Series D, irrevocably and
unconditionally, agreed to voluntarily convert at least 75% of the shares of
its each Series C and Series
D shares into common stock immediately prior to a liquidation event in
exchange for an additional 185 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock.

The arrangement to waive 100% of the liquidation preference in Series A and
Series B is accounted as a modification as the waiver on the
liquidation preference has no impacts on the fair value of Series A and
Series B before and after the modification. Accordingly, the modification
has no impacts to the Company’s’ consolidated financial statements.

The agreement to convert at least 75% of Series C and Series D into common
stock in exchange for additional 185 million share of
the Company’s common stock was accounted for as an extinguishment in the
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock. The extinguishment resulted in a new
basis for the Series C and D Preferred Stock. Under extinguishment
accounting, the difference
between the fair value of the total consideration transferred and the
carrying value of the Series C and D extinguished is recorded to retained
earnings (accumulated deficit). As of December 31, 2019, the Company
recorded $298.2 million
against the accumulated deficit.

Upon completion of the above-mentioned arrangements, in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of Series C and D will be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to
any distribution to the holders of common stock and other series of
preferred stock, an amount equal
to $94.2 million (“Series C Capped Preference”) and $86.0 million (“Series D
Capped Preference”), respectively, as adjusted for any stock splits,
combinations, recapitalizations, or the like, plus any declared and
unpaid dividends. If the assets legally available are insufficient to
satisfy the entire liquidation preference of Series C and D, the funds will
be distributed ratably to the holders of Series C and D in proportion to the
preferential amount each
such holder of Series C and D is otherwise entitled to receive. The
remaining assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of
common stock, Series A and Series B based on the number of shares of common
stock then held by them on an as-converted basis.

In July 2019, upon the conversion of 1,318,694 shares of Series C and
10,183,313 shares of Series D Preferred Shares into Convertible Promissory
Notes, the Series C and Series D Capped Preference was accordingly reduced
to $93.4 million and $53.7 million, respectively.

Voting

The holders of
Series A, B, C, and D have voting rights equal to the number of shares of
common stock into which such shares of Series A, B, C, and D are then
convertible. Additionally, so long as at least 53,587,770, 42,611,600 and
71,249,550 shares of Series A,
Series B and Series C, respectively, remain outstanding, the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Series A, Series B and Series C,
voting as a separate class, are entitled to each elect one member of the
Board of Directors. The holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, voting as a
separate class, are

F-95

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

entitled to elect two members of the Board of Directors. The holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock,
voting together as a single class and on an as-converted basis, are entitled
to elect three independent members of the Board of Director. Each member of
the Board should have two votes on each matter to be acted upon at each
meeting and for each action by
written consent of the Board of Director, except for a director of Nogreno
Limited who only holds one vote.

Conversion

Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder,
at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into
such number of shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the
Series A Original Issue Price, Series B Original Issue Price, Series C
Original Issue Price or Series D Original Issue Price, as applicable, by the
conversion price applicable to
such share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, recapitalizations, and the like. The conversion rate in effect
at any time for Series A, B, C, and D will be the quotient obtained by
dividing the original issue
price for such shares of preferred stock by the conversion price. Each share
of Series A, B, C, and D will automatically convert into shares of common
stock, based on the then effective conversion price, upon the earlier of
either (i) an
initial public offering with aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of at
least $200.0 million, or (ii) upon the written consent by the majority
holders of the then outstanding shares of Series A, B, C, and D, voting on
an as converted
basis. At December 31, 2019, the conversion ratio for Series A, B, C, and D
is one to one.

Redemption

Series A, B, C, and D convertible preferred stock is nonredeemable.

Creation of Management Carve-OutPlan

In September 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the creation of
a management/key employee carve-out plan, which provides certain employees
of the Company with a bonus compensation opportunity in the event of a sale
or other liquidation event of the Company, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed
$80.0 million. The management carve-out plan was finalized in approved in
June 2019.

Treasury Stock

In May 2018, one of the Company’s founders resigned from his position as
Chief Executive Officer and a member of
the Board of Directors. In connection with the resignation, the founder
returned 192,263,107 shares of common stock to the Company, all of which
were designated as treasury stock.

In June 2018, one of the Company’s founders resigned from his position as
Chief Technology Officer and member of the Board of
Directors. In connection with the resignation, the founder returned
119,459,903 shares of common stock to the Company, all of which were
retired.

In October 2018, one of the Company’s founders returned 35,000,000 shares of
common stock to the Company, all of which were
designated as treasury stock.

In March 2019, the Company re-issued 185 million shares
of treasury stock to the holders Series C and D in exchange for them to
waive their liquidation preference in Series C and D.

The
Company recorded the receipt of the shares as treasury stock. Treasury stock
activity is presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of
stockholders’ deficit.

F-96

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance The Company
has reserved at December 31, 2019, the following shares of common stock for
future issuances:
                                                       
  Series A convertible preferred stock    113,538,740  
  Series B convertible preferred stock     91,145,440  
  Series C convertible preferred stock    141,180,416  
  Series D convertible preferred stock     55,526,655  
  Preferred stock warrants outstanding      1,357,200  
  Common stock warrants outstanding         3,552,790  
  Stock option plan:                                   
  Options outstanding                     161,245,819  
  Options available for future grants     202,341,952  
  Non-plan options:                                    
  Options outstanding                      13,433,141  
  Options available for future grants          62,509  
  Total                                   783,384,662  
                                                       
Stock Incentive Plan In 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors amended the
Company’s 2009 Plan to increase the total number of shares of common stock
authorized for issuance of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock
options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units (collectively
“equity awards”) to eligible participants from 361,374,594 to 629,458,331
shares. Under the Plan, the exercise price of an option cannot be less than
100% or 85% of the fair value of one share of common stock on the date of
grant for incentive or non-statutorystock options, respectively (not less
than 110% of the fair value for stockholders owning greater than 10% of all
classes of stock). Fair value is determined by the Board of Directors.
Equity awards granted generally vest over a four-year period from the date
of grant at a rate of 25% after one year, then monthly on a straight-line
basis thereafter. Options granted generally are exercisable up to 10 years,
and restricted stock awards and restricted stock units generally have a
contractual term of 7 years. Option holders are allowed to exercise unvested
options to acquire restricted shares only upon approval of the administrator
of the Plan. Upon termination of service, the Company has the right to
repurchase at the original purchase price of any unvested (but issued)
common shares. In September 2018, the Board approved an option exchange
whereby employees with outstanding stock options, with per share exercise
prices above $0.45, are permitted within a certain time frame to tender
those options for cancellation and in exchange for the grant of replacement
options at an exercise price based on the fair market value of the option at
the grant date and subject to the same exercisability and vesting terms of
the original grant. The Company accounted for the option exchange as a stock
option modification in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 Share-Based
Compensationand recorded incremental stock-based compensation expense of
$3.9 million in addition to the remaining stock-based compensation expense
attributable to the exchanged stock options. F-97

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 A summary of the Company’s stock option activity,
including stock options issued outside of the Plan, for the year ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019 is as follows (dollars in thousands, except share
and per share amounts):
                                                                            
                                      Options     Weighted                  
                                   Outstandi…      Average                  
                                     Weighted    Remaining                  
                                      Average    Contract…       Aggregate  
                Number of            Exercise         Term       Intrinsic  
                   Shares               Price      (Years)           Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance—…    156,267,9…       $        0.77         5.11                  
  31, 2017                                                                  
  Options      131,742,9…       $        0.47                               
  granted                                                                   
  Options      (7,504,228  )    $        0.15                 $      3,558  
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (113,668,…  )    $        1.00                               
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    166,837,7…       $        0.41         6.31                  
  31, 2018                                                                  
  Options      18,634,919       $        0.48                               
  granted                                                                   
  Options      (3,651,417  )    $        0.05                 $      2,126  
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (45,204,6…  )    $        0.42                               
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    136,616,6…       $        0.42         6.96                  
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Vested                                                                    
  and          82,749,451       $        0.38         6.76                  
  exercisa…                                                                 
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Vested                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  expected                                                                  
  to           124,761,9…       $        0.41         5.56                  
  vest—Dec…                                                                 
  31,                                                                       
  2019                                                                      
  Remaining                                                                 
  weighted                                                                  
  average            2.30                                                   
  amortiza…                                                                 
  (in                                                                       
  years)                                                                    
                                                                            
The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted for the year
ended December 31, 2019 was $0.21 per share. A summary of the Company’s RSAs
activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 is as follows:
                                                                            
                                                                  Weighted  
                                                             Average Grant  
                                          Number of              Date Fair  
                                         Restricted              Value per  
                                       Stock Awards                  Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31,           2,563,546       $           0.03  
  2017                                                                      
  Granted                               139,980,500       $           0.49  
  Vested                                 (2,563,546  )    $           0.01  
  Cancelled/forfeited                             —       $           0.01  
  Unvested balance—December 31,         139,980,500       $           0.49  
  2018                                                                      
  Granted                                41,900,000       $           0.55  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                   (47,899,992  )    $           0.49  
  Unvested balance—December 31,         133,980,508       $           0.51  
  2019                                                                      
                                                                            
The intrinsic value of RSAs vested was $3.6 million for the years ended
December 31, 2018. The number of RSAs expected to vest as of December 31,
2019 was zero as the achievement of the performance vesting condition was
not deemed probable. F-98

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units In 2017, the
Company began to grant to employees PRSs that generally vest upon the
satisfaction of both a time-based condition of up to four years and a
performance vesting condition. The PRSUs satisfy the performance vesting
condition on the first to occur of (i) the date of a change in control or
(ii) the date after the completion of the lock-upperiod following an initial
public offering. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, 15,515,607 and
32,294,923, respectively, shares of PRSUs have met their service-period
condition; however, the achievement of the performance vesting condition was
not deemed probable and accordingly, no stock-based compensation expense was
recognized for the PRSUs for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019. If
the performance vesting condition had been satisfied for the PRSUs as of
December 31, 2019, stock-based compensation expense of $31.7 million would
have been recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2019. A summary of the Company’s PRSUs activity for
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 is as follows:
                                                                            
                                          Number of               Weighted  
                                        Performance          Average Grant  
                                              Based              Date Fair  
                                         Restricted              Value per  
                                        Stock Units                  Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2017     25,060,205       $           1.41  
  Granted                                 3,267,933       $           0.56  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (7,088,382  )    $           1.25  
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2018     21,239,756       $           1.33  
  Granted                                20,449,474       $           0.55  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (3,683,248  )    $           1.25  
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     38,005,982       $           0.92  
                                                                            
The number of PRSUs expected to vest as of December 31, 2019 was zero as the
achievement of the performance vesting condition was not deemed probable.
Common Stock Repurchases In April and December 2018, the Company repurchased
approximately 173,750 shares of the Company for an aggregate price of $0.2
million. These shares are retired and included in the Company’s authorized
but unissued Plan shares. As a result of the repurchase, the Company
recorded $0.2 million in the accumulated deficit in the consolidated balance
sheets. F-99

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 The stock-based compensation and stock-based
compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                             
                                     2018           2019     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue               $   1,882       $    675     
  Research and development          7,600          4,967     
  Sales and marketing               3,202            684     
  General and administrative        1,270          1,550     
                                   13,954          7,876     
  Less: capitalization               (648  )        (447  )  
  Total                         $  13,306       $  7,429     
                                                             
The above stock-based compensation expenses also included immaterial
expenses related to stock options issued to the non-employees. As of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had $80.8 million and $10.7 million
of unamortized stock-based compensation expense, respectively, excluding
estimated forfeitures, which will be amortized over a weighted-averageperiod
of 2.86 years and 2.30 years, respectively. 16. Income Taxes Net loss before
income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 consisted of the
following components (in thousands):
                                                                           
                                                2018              2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                            $  53,066       $  (235,427  )  
  Foreign                                        (95  )              6     
  Net income (loss) before income taxes    $  52,971       $  (235,421  )  
                                                                           
The income tax expenses (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019 consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                      
  Current:        2018          2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────── 
  Federal      $     —       $     —  
  State            (22  )        450  
  Foreign          128            43  
  Deferred:                           
  Federal         (217  )          —  
  State            (15  )          —  
  Foreign            8           180  
  Total        $  (118  )    $   673  
                                      
In 2019, the Company’s effective tax rate differs significantly from the US
statutory rate of 21% due to change in the valuation allowance, interest
from the convertible notes, prior year true-upsand tax credits. For the year
ended December 31, 2018, the difference between the Company’s effective tax
rate and the US statutory rate was due to prior year true-ups,research tax
credits, and change in valuation allowance. F-100

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the
“Act”) was signed into law. The new legislation decreases the U.S. corporate
federal income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent effective January 1,
2018. The change in Federal statutory tax rate caused a one-timereduction of
$104.3 million of the cumulative gross deferred tax asset balance. The
change in the deferred tax asset was offset entirely by a valuation
allowance. The Act also includes a number of other provisions including the
elimination of loss carrybacks and limitations on the use of future losses,
and repeal of the Alternative Minimum Tax regime. These provisions are not
expected to have immediate effect on the Company. The Company’s deferred tax
assets and liabilities at December 31, 2018 and 2019, are as follows (in
thousands):
                                                                            
  Deferred tax assets:                           2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net operating losses                    $   125,271       $   141,659     
  Property, equipment and software             28,154            25,906     
  Accrued expenses                              1,064             1,469     
  Stock based compensation                      2,836             3,021     
  Research and development tax credits         32,692            37,028     
  Deferred rent                                 4,180             2,715     
  Total deferred tax assets                   194,197           211,798     
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                 
  Property equipment and software                 (40  )            (42  )  
  Less: valuation allowance                  (194,160  )       (211,721  )  
  Net deferred tax liability              $        (3  )    $        35     
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company has net operating loss
carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately $575.8
million and $659.8 million respectively, and state income tax purposes of
approximately $40.5 million and $47.7 million, respectively. The operating
loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income will begin to
expire in 2034 for federal and state purposes. At December 31, 2018, the
Company had research credit carryforwards of approximately $23.1 million and
$22.5 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. The
Company has research credit carryforwards of approximately $25.0 million and
$26.6 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively, as of
December 31, 2019. If not utilized, the federal carryforward will expire in
various amounts beginning in 2030. The state credit can be carried forward
indefinitely. Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) Sections 382 and 383, as amended
and similar state provisions, place a limitation on the amount of taxable
income which can be offset by carryforward tax attributes, such as net
operating losses or tax credits, after a change in control. Generally, after
a change in control, a loss corporation cannot deduct carryforward tax
attributes in excess of the limitation prescribed by Section 382 and 383.
The Company does not believe the use of its net operating loss carryforwards
are subject to limitation under IRC Section 382 as of December 31, 2018 and
2019. However, the Company’s federal and state tax attributes may be subject
to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income
in future periods where the annual limitation may result in the expiration
of these tax attributes before utilization. In assessing the realizability
of the Company’s deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is
more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. F-101

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

The Company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to
estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to
permit use of the existing deferred tax assets. On the
basis of this evaluation, the Company applied a valuation allowance against
most of its U.S. federal and state net deferred taxes of approximately
$194.1 million and $211.7 million at December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

The Company has unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $11.5 million and
$12.1 million as of December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively. Of these unrecognized tax benefits, approximately $0.2
million and $0.5 million resulted in the accrual of a liability in
accordance with ASC 740 as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
Included in the
balance of unrecognized tax benefits are approximately $11.3 million and
$11.6 million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would result in (1)
adjustments to deferred taxes; and (2) would not affect the effective tax
rate as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, due to a full valuation allowance.
On the basis of the information available as of December 31, 2019, the
Company does not expect any significant changes to the total amount of
unrecognized tax
benefits within the next 12 months.

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on the
general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company’s
accrued interest and penalties expense (benefit) related to the unrecognized
tax benefits was
immaterial.

The Company’s primary tax jurisdiction is the United States. The Company
files corporation tax returns in
California, New Hampshire, Delaware, Germany and Japan. Generally, in the
U.S. federal and state jurisdictions, tax periods in which certain loss and
credit carryovers are generated, remain open for audit until such time as
the limitation period
ends for the year in which such losses or credits are utilized. All tax
periods remain open to examination with respect to foreign jurisdictions.

Under the Act, the federal corporate AMT law was repealed. The Company
expects a refund of the 2017 federal AMT over next four years
starting 2018.

17. Employee Benefit Plan

The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) retirement plan covering all
employees who have met certain eligibility requirements.
Eligible employees may contribute pretax compensation up to the maximum
amount allowable under the Internal Revenue Service limitations. Employee
contributions and earnings thereon vest immediately. The Company matches one
hundred percent of the
first three percent of employees’ contributions up to a cap of $280,000 per
year. The Company’s matching contributions, net of any refund, totaled $2.3
million and $1.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

18. Subsequent Events

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the issuance date of the
consolidated financial statements to determine whether they should be
disclosed to keep the consolidated financial statements being misleading.
The Company noted the following
subsequent events that should be disclosed:

Reduction in Force

In May 2020, the Company announced a reduction-in-force
impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s employees.

F-102

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Merger

In May 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with Applovin
Corporation (the “Acquirer”) pursuant to which the
Company will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquirer (the
“Acquisition”). The Acquisition was completed and closed on May 19, 2020. As
part of the merger agreement, the Acquirer assumed or extinguished through
payments of cash
and equity or assumed the Company’s Accounts Receivable Loan I and Financing
Agreement, outstanding Convertible Notes, capital and operating leases,
trade payables and the remaining Series C and Series D liquidation
preference.

Lease Termination

In
connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into a lease amendment
arrangement with the landlord for the Company’s buildings located at 1100
and 1200 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA. Under the lease amendment, Company
and landlord agreed
to terminate Company’s sublease arrangement for the 1200 Page Mill Road
building, release Company from its payment obligation under a pre-existing
lease termination agreement with landlord and release the
letter of credit held by landlord with respect to the building located at
1200 Page Mill Road. In consideration of the early termination, the Acquirer
made a payment in cash equal to the letter of credit currently in place on
1200 Page Mill Road and
issued warrants of the Acquirer’s common stock to the property owner.

F-103

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATONS The following unaudited pro forma combined
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 is presented to
give effect to Applovin Corporation’s (“AppLovin”) acquisition of Machine
Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone”) (the “Acquisition”) on May 19, 2020 (the
“Acquisition Date”) for an aggregate acquisition price of $328.6 million,
comprised of (a) $287.1 million in cash, (b) 4,229,289 warrants to purchase
AppLovin’s Class A common stock with an exercise price of $0.0033 per share
and a 10-yearterm, (c) warrants to purchase up to 2,999,987 shares of
AppLovin’s Class A common stock with an exercise price of $26.6667 per share
and a 10-yearterm, and (d) a settlement of the preexisting accounts
receivable balance of $3.3 million. The pro forma information was prepared
based on the historical consolidated statement of operations of AppLovin and
Machine Zone after giving effect to the Acquisition using the acquisition
method of accounting, and after applying the assumptions, reclassifications,
and adjustments described in the accompanying notes. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31,
2020, reflect the acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2020, the
first day of AppLovin’s most recently completed fiscal year. The Acquisition
of Machine Zone has been reflected in AppLovin’s historical audited
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 and, therefore, no
unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet has been presented
herein. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations
was based on and should be read in conjunction with the following historical
financial statements and accompanying notes:
                                                                            
       Separate audited historical consolidated financial statements and    
       accompanying notes of AppLovin as of and for the year                
  •    ended December 31, 2020 included elsewhere in this prospectus; and   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Separate unaudited historical condensed consolidated financial       
       statements of the Machine Zone as of and for the three               
  •    months ended March 31, 2020 included elsewhere in this prospectus.   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The pro forma financial information has been prepared by us in accordance
with Regulation S-X Article 11, Pro Forma Financial Information, as amended
by the final rule, Release No. 33-10786, which is referred to herein as
Article 11. We have voluntarily complied with Article 11 in advance of its
mandatory compliance date. The pro forma adjustments are described in the
accompanying footnotes. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations is presented for informational purposes only and is not
intended to represent or be indicative of the combined results of operations
that AppLovin would have reported had the Acquisition been completed as of
the date and for the periods presented, and should not be taken as
representative of its consolidated results of operations following the
acquisition. In addition, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operations is not intended to project the future financial
results of operations of the combined company. The unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations does not reflect any cost
savings, operating synergies or revenue enhancements that the combined
company may achieve as a result of the Acquisition, costs necessary to
achieve such measures, or costs to integrate the operations of the combined
company. F-104

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 APPLOVIN CORPORATION UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED
COMBINED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in
thousands, except share and per share data)
                                                                            
                                        Machine                             
                                        Zone (for                           
                           Machine      the                                 
                           Zone         period                              
                           (three       from                                
                           months       April 1,     Note                   
                           ended        2020 to      Transact…    Pro       
              Historic…    March 31,    May 19,      Accounti…    Forma     
              AppLovin     2020)        2020)        Adjustme…    Combined  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                                                                   
  Costs                                                                     
  and                                                                       
  expense…                                                                  
  Cost of                                                                   
  revenue                                                                   
  Sales                                                                     
  and                                                                       
  marketi…                                                                  
  Research                                                                  
  and                                                                       
  develop…                                                                  
  General                                                                   
  and                                                                       
  adminis…                                                                  
  Extingu…                                                                  
  of                                                                        
  acquisi…                                                                  
  conting…                                                                  
  conside…                                                                  
  Total                                                                     
  cost and                                                                  
  expenses                                                                  
  Income                                                                    
  from                                                                      
  operati…                                                                  
  Other                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  (expens…                                                                  
  Interest                                                                  
  expense                                                                   
  and loss                                                                  
  on                                                                        
  settlem…                                                                  
  of debt,                                                                  
  net                                                                       
  Interest                                                                  
  income                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  other                                                                     
  gains                                                                     
  Total                                                                     
  other                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  (expens…                                                                  
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  before                                                                    
  provisi…                                                                  
  for                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Provisi…                                                                  
  for                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attribu…                                                                  
  to                                                                        
  partici…                                                                  
  securit…                                                                  
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  attribu…                                                                  
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock—B…                                                                  
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  attribu…                                                                  
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stock—D…                                                                  
  Net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share                                                                     
  attribu…                                                                  
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stockho…                                                                  
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted                                                                   
  Weighted                                                                  
  average                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  shares                                                                    
  used to                                                                   
  compute                                                                   
  net                                                                       
  income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  per                                                                       
  share                                                                     
  attribu…                                                                  
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stockho…                                                                  
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted                                                                   
                                                                            
F-105

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

APPLOVIN CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS

F-106

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item
13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets
forth all expenses to be paid by us, other than underwriting discounts and
commissions, upon completion of this offering. All amounts shown are
estimates except for the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee and the
exchange listing fee.
                                                  
                                          Amount  
                                          to be   
                                          Paid    
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  SEC registration fee                 $  *       
  FINRA filing fee                        *       
  Exchange listing fee                    *       
  Printing and engraving expenses         *       
  Legal fees and expenses                 *       
  Accounting fees and expenses            *       
  Transfer agent and registrar fees       *       
  Miscellaneous expenses                  *       
  Total                                $  *       
                                                  
                                
  *  To be filed by amendment.  
                                
Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Section 145 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a corporation’s board of
directors to grant, and authorizes a court to award, indemnity to officers,
directors and other corporate agents. We expect to adopt an amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, which will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, and which will contain
provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to
the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our directors
will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages
for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for the
following:
                                                                            
  •    any breach of their duty of loyalty to our company or our            
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional   
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or      
  •    redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the                        
       Delaware General Corporation Law; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any transaction from which they derived an improper personal         
       benefit.                                                             
                                                                            
Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or
reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission or
claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the
Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further
limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the
personal liability of our directors will be further limited to the greatest
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. In addition, we
expect to adopt amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, and which will provide
that we will indemnify, to the II-1

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

fullest extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of
the fact that they are or were one of our
directors or officers or is or was serving at our request as a director or
officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws are expected to provide that we
may indemnify to the
fullest extent permitted by law any person who is or was a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of
the fact that they are or were one of our employees or agents or is or was
serving at our request as
an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws will also provide
that we must advance expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director or
officer in advance of the
final disposition of any action or proceeding, subject to limited
exceptions.

Further, we have entered into or will enter into
indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers
that may be broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained
in the Delaware General Corporation Law. These indemnification agreements
require us, among other
things, to indemnify our directors and executive officers against
liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service. These
indemnification agreements also require us to advance all expenses incurred
by the directors and executive
officers in investigating or defending any such action, suit or proceeding.
We believe that these agreements are necessary to attract and retain
qualified individuals to serve as directors and executive officers.

The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions that are expected
to be included in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and the indemnification
agreements that we have entered into or will enter into with our directors
and executive officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our directors and
executive officers for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also
reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and
executive officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us
and other stockholders.
Further, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and
executive officers as required by these indemnification provisions. At
present, we are not
aware of any pending litigation or proceeding involving any person who is or
was one of our directors, officers, employees or other agents or is or was
serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, for which
indemnification is sought, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation
that may result in claims for indemnification.

We have obtained insurance policies under which, subject to the limitations
of the policies, coverage is provided to our directors and
executive officers against loss arising from claims made by reason of breach
of fiduciary duty or other wrongful acts as a director or executive officer,
including claims relating to public securities matters, and to us with
respect to payments that
may be made by us to these directors and executive officers pursuant to our
indemnification obligations or otherwise as a matter of law.

Certain of our non-employee directors may, through their relationships with
their employers, be
insured or indemnified against certain liabilities incurred in their
capacity as members of our board of directors.

The
underwriting agreement to be filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this registration
statement will provide for indemnification by the underwriters of us and our
officers and directors for certain liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Act, or otherwise.

II-2

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation

Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. SECTION 200.83

Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.

Since December 1, 2017, we have issued the following unregistered
securities:

Preferred Stock Issuances

In August 2018, we sold an aggregate of 36,363,636 shares (109,090,908
shares after giving effect to our
1-to-3 forward stock split in May 2020, or the Forward Stock Split) of our
Series A convertible preferred stock to an accredited investor at a purchase
price of $11.00
per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $399,999,996.

Option Issuances

From December 1, 2017 through January 31, 2021, we granted to our directors,
officers, employees, consultants and other service
providers options to purchase an aggregate of 34,376,258 shares (after
giving effect to the Forward Stock Split) of our common stock under our
equity compensation plans at exercise prices ranging from approximately
$1.676667 to $27.03 per share.

Securities Issued in Connection with Acquisitions

From December 1, 2017 through January 31, 2021, we issued an aggregate of
10,492,311 shares (after giving effect to the Forward
Stock Split) of our Class A common stock and issued warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 7,424,256 shares (after giving effect to the Forward Stock
Split) of our Class A common stock in connection with our acquisitions of
certain
companies.

In November 2020, we issued a convertible security in connection with a
strategic partnership with Athena FZE. Such
security is convertible into shares of our common stock starting 61 days
following this offering. The convertible security may be converted, at the
option of the holder, into a number of shares of our Class A common stock
equal to
$40.0 million divided by a conversion price equal to (i) the preceding
20-day volume-weighted average trading price per share of Class A common
stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. If any portion of
the convertible security is converted by November 12, 2021, we have agreed
to redeem in cash such remaining portion of the convertible security. If the
holder does not convert the entire maximum conversion amount by November 18,
2021, we
shall redeem the remaining conversion amount for cash. If this offering does
not close on or prior to November 18, 2021, we shall redeem the convertible
security for $40.0 million in cash. The convertible security does not
entitle the
holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder prior to
conversion.

None of the foregoing transactions involved
any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions, or any public
offering. We believe the offers, sales and issuances of the above securities
were exempt from registration under the Securities Act (or Regulation D or
Regulation S promulgated
thereunder) by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because the
issuance of securities to the recipients did not involve a public offering,
or in reliance on Rule 701 because the transactions were pursuant to
compensatory benefit
plans or contracts relating to compensation as provided under such rule. The
recipients of the securities in each of these transactions represented their
intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view
to or for sale in
connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were
placed upon the stock certificates issued in these transactions. All
recipients had adequate access, through their relationships with us, to
information about us. The sales of
these securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising.

Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

Exhibits

See the
Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page hereto for a list of
exhibits filed as part of this registration statement on Form S-1, which
Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.

II-3

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement
schedules are omitted because the information called for is not required or
is shown either in the consolidated financial statements or in the notes
thereto. ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes
to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting
agreement certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as
required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser.
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and
Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the
event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than
the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director,
officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of
any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or
controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the
registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been
settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the
final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned registrant hereby
undertakes that:
                                                                            
         For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities     
         Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of              
         prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in         
  (1)    reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus      
         filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or       
         497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of      
         this registration statement as of the time it was declared         
         effective.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
         For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities  
         Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that                    
  (2)    contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new          
         registration statement relating to the securities offered          
         therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall    
         be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.            
                                                                            
II-4

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 EXHIBIT INDEX
                                                                            
             Description                                                    
             Form of Underwriting Agreement.                                
             Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among the registrant,     
             Morocco, Inc., Morocco Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Machine       
  Exhibit    Zone, Inc., dated as of May 19, 2020.                          
  Number     Share Purchase Agreement, by and among the registrant,         
  1.1*       Applovin Active Holdings, LLC, Adjust GmbH, the shareholders   
  2.1#       of Adjust GmbH, and Spree Eternity GmbH, dated as of February  
  2.2*       2, 2021.                                                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  3.1#       Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the       
             registrant, as amended and currently in effect.                
             Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of   
  3.2*       the registrant, to be in effect upon completion of this        
             offering.                                                      
  3.3#       Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant, as currently    
             in effect.                                                     
  3.4*       Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant, to be   
             in effect upon completion of this offering.                    
  4.1*       Form of common stock certificate of the registrant.            
  4.2#       Investors’ Rights Agreement among the registrant and certain   
             holders of its capital stock, dated as of August 15, 2018.     
  4.3#       Form of Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock.              
  4.4#       Convertible Security for Class A Common Stock, dated as of     
             November 18, 2020.                                             
  5.1*       Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.              
  10.1+*     Form of Indemnification Agreement between the registrant and   
             each of its directors and executive officers.                  
  10.2+#     Applovin Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan and related    
             form agreements.                                               
  10.3+*     Applovin Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and related    
             form agreements.                                               
  10.4+*     Applovin Corporation 2021 Executive Incentive Compensation     
             Policy.                                                        
  10.5+*     Applovin Corporation 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and     
             related form agreements.                                       
  10.6+*     Applovin Corporation Outside Director Compensation Plan.       
  10.7+*     Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and      
             Adam Foroughi, dated as of           , 2021.                   
  10.8+*     Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and      
             Herald Chen, dated as of           , 2021.                     
  10.9+*     Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and      
             Katie Jensen, dated as of           , 2021.                    
  10.10+*    Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and      
             Basil Shikin, dated as of           , 2021.                    
  10.11+*    Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant and      
             Victoria Valenzuela, dated as of           , 2021.             
                                                                            
II-5

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                                            
             Description                                                    
             Sublease, by and between 1050 Page Mill Road Property, LLC     
             and Machine Zone, Inc., dated as of           .                
             Credit Agreement, by and between the registrant, the lenders   
             from time to time thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as        
             administrative agent and collateral agent, dated August 15,    
  Exhibit    2018.                                                          
  Number     Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, by and between the        
  10.12*     registrant, the lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of  
  10.13#     America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent,   
  10.14#     dated April 23, 2019.                                          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
             Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, by and between the        
  10.15#     registrant, the lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of  
             America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent,   
             dated April 27, 2020.                                          
             Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, by and between the        
  10.16#     registrant, the lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of  
             America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent,   
             dated May 6, 2020.                                             
             Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, by and between the        
  10.17#     registrant, the lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of  
             America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent,   
             dated October 27, 2020.                                        
  21.1*      List of subsidiaries of the registrant.                        
  23.1*      Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered       
             Public Accounting Firm.                                        
  23.2*      Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Auditors.                     
  23.3*      Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. (included    
             in Exhibit 5.1).                                               
  24.1*      Power of Attorney (included on page II-7).                     
                                                                            
                        
  #  Previously filed.  
                        
                                
  *  To be filed by amendment.  
                                
                                                          
  +  Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  
                                                          
II-6

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration
statement on Form S-1to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized in the City of Palo Alto, State of California, on
the day of , 2021.
                                                            
       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                                 
  By:                                                       
                             Adam Foroughi Chief Executive  
                             Officer                        
                                                            
POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen
and Victoria Valenzuela, and each one of them, as their true and lawful
attorneys-in-factand agents, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for them and in their name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective
amendments) to this registration statement, and to sign any registration
statement for the same offering covered by this registration statement that
is to be effective on filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and all post-effective amendments thereto, and to
file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorneys-in-factand agents, and each of them, full power and authority to
do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be
done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they
might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorneys-in-factand agents or any of them, or their substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration
statement on Form S-1has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated.
                                                                            
  Signature              Title                                        Date  
                         Chief Executive Officer and Director               
  Adam Foroughi          (Principal                                 , 2021  
                         Executive Officer)                                 
                         Chief Financial Officer, President, and            
  Herald Chen            Director                                   , 2021  
                         (Principal Financial Officer)                      
                         Chief Accounting Officer (Principal                
  Elena Arutunian        Accounting                                 , 2021  
                         Officer)                                           
  Craig Billings         Director                                   , 2021  
  Margaret Georgiadis    Director                                   , 2021  
                                                                            
II-7

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                          
  Signature           Title         Date  
  Edward Oberwager    Director    , 2021  
  Cathy Sun           Director    , 2021  
  Eduardo Vivas       Director    , 2021  
                                          
II-8
