Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                                       
  Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati                     
  Professional Corporation                             
  650 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304-1050  
  O: 650.493.9300                                      
  F: 650.493.6811                                      
                                                       
February 9, 2021 Via EDGAR and Overnight Delivery U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission Division of Corporation Finance Office of Technology 100
F Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549
                                                          
  Attention:    Larry Spirgel                             
                Alexandra Barone                          
                Robert Littlepage                         
                Claire DeLabar                            
  Re:           Applovin Corporation                      
                Amendment No. 1 to                        
                Draft Registration Statement on Form S-1  
                Submitted January 15, 2021                
                CIK No. 0001751008                        
                                                          
Ladies and Gentlemen: On behalf of our client, Applovin Corporation (“
AppLovin” or the “ Company”), we submit this letter in response to comments
from the staff (the “ Staff”) of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“ Commission”) contained in its letter dated January 27, 2021, relating to
the above referenced Amendment No. 1 to Draft Registration Statement on Form
S-1(the “ Registration Statement”). We are concurrently submitting via EDGAR
this letter and a revised draft of the Registration Statement. For the
Staff’s reference, we are providing to the Staff by overnight delivery
copies of this letter as well as both a clean copy of the Registration
Statement and a copy marked to show all changes from the version
confidentially submitted on January 15, 2021. The Company has advised us
that the registration statement will be publicly filed and all nonpublic
draft submissions will be publicly available on the EDGAR system (i) at
least 15 days prior to the Company conducting its road show or (ii) in the
event the Company does not conduct a roadshow, at least 15 days prior to the
requested effective date. Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. § 200.83 of the Commission’s
Rules on Information and Requests, the Company is also requesting that
confidential treatment be afforded to this letter and the revised draft of
the Registration Statement being submitted. As instructed by the Commission,
each page of the Draft Registration Statement has been marked with the
following legend: “Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation
Pursuant to 17 C.F.R. Section 200.83.” AUSTIN BEIJING BOSTON BRUSSELS HONG
KONG LONDON LOS ANGELES NEW YORK PALO ALTO SAN DIEGO SAN FRANCISCO SEATTLE
SHANGHAI WASHINGTON, DC WILMINGTON, DE

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission February 9,
2021 Page 2 In this letter, we have recited the comments from the Staff in
italicized, bold type and have followed each comment with the Company’s
response. Except for page references appearing in the headings and Staff
comments below (which are references to the Registration Statement submitted
on January 15, 2021), all page references herein correspond to the page of
the revised draft of the Registration Statement. Management’s Discussion and
Analysis and Results of Operations Our Business Model Results of Operations,
page 80
                                                                            
      Please expand the discussion of Business Revenue to quantify the      
      changes in revenues for each type of                                  
      change, such as advertising revenue growth from additional Apps       
  1.  developed, advertising revenue growth from existing Apps, if          
      material. Also, please expand the discussion to explain the reason    
      for a decline in Software revenue due to increased usage              
      of advertising inventory by your growing Owned Studios and Partner    
      Studios.                                                              
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised its
disclosure on pages 82 and 83 to address the Staff’s comment.
                                                                            
      We note your response to comment 4 however we continue to believe     
      that changes in revenues should be                                    
      addressed on the basis of changes due to price versus changes in      
      volume. While we understand that you may manage your business based   
      on key metrics, this would impact your GAAP segment disclosures       
      rather than addressing requirements of MD&A                           
      disclosure. Please revise the MD&A discussion of both Business and    
      Consumer revenues to address changes in revenues, by type of          
      revenue, for example, in-app purchases or fees for removing           
  2.  advertisements                                                        
      for Consumer revenue, due to changes in price and volume of your      
      revenue transactions. These revenue trends are important and are      
      required disclosure regardless of whether the individual revenue      
      transactions are for tangible, intangible or virtual                  
      products or services. While we understand that you may not retain     
      user-level data related to Consumer Revenue for historical periods,   
      revenue transaction data utilized in recording revenue under GAAP is  
      the basis for such price and volume                                   
      changes.                                                              
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised its
disclosure on page 83 to address the Staff’s comment. Contractual
Obligations, page 86
                                                                            
      We note that the table does not include amounts related to            
      agreements governing your acquisitions of your                        
      Owned Studios and arrangements with Partner Studios to provide for    
  3.  payment contingent upon future performance metrics. Please expand     
      the disclosure to provide sufficient detail of all significant        
      agreements for transactions not accounted for as                      
      business combinations so that a reader may clearly understand how     
      these various agreements will impact your future operations.          
                                                                            
Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission February 9,
2021 Page 3 The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised
its disclosure on pages 87 and 88 to address the Staff’s comment. Financial
Statements—Applovin Corporation Note 2—Basis of Presentation and Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies Intangible Assets, page F-14
                                                                            
      Refer to your response to comment 12. Please supplementally confirm   
      that revenue generated from durable                                   
  4.  virtual goods continued to be immaterial in 2020 and 2021 or expand   
      your accounting policy to include how estimates of user bases or      
      user engagement impact the lives of virtual items when recognizing    
      Consumer Revenue.                                                     
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that the revenue generated from
durable virtual goods is expected to be material in 2020 and 2021 as a
result of the acquisition of Machine Zone in May 2020. The Company will
expand its accounting policy related to Consumer Revenue in its consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 to
include language substantially consistent with the following: Consumer
Revenue IAPs include fees collected from users for the purchase of virtual
goods to enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance
obligation is to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold
virtual items over the estimated period of time the virtual items are
available to the user or until the virtual item is consumed. The Company
categorizes its virtual goods as either consumable or durable. Consumable
virtual goods represent goods that can be consumed by a specific player
action in gameplay; accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the
sale of consumable virtual goods as the goods are consumed and the Company’s
performance obligation is satisfied. Durable virtual goods represent goods
that are accessible to the user over an extended period of time;
accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable virtual
goods ratably over the period of time the goods are available to the user
and the Company’s performance obligation is satisfied, which is generally
the estimated average user life (“EAUL”). Payment is required at the time of
purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs through
the Company’s distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the
gross amount charged to users because the Company is the principal in the
transaction. IAPs fees are non-refundable.Such payments are initially
recorded to deferred revenue. The EAUL represents the Company’s best
estimate of the expected life of paying users for the applicable game. The
EAUL begins when a user makes a first purchase of durable virtual goods and
ends when a user is determined to be inactive. The Company determines the
EAUL on a game-by-gamebasis. For a newly launched game that has limited
playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the EAUL of a game
that has sufficiently similar characteristics. The Company determines the
EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such calculated EAUL to all bookings
in the respective quarter.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission February 9,
2021 Page 4 Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires management’s
judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical playing
patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future. The EAULs are
generally between six and nine months. Note 7. Acquisitions, page F-21
                                                                            
      Please expand the disclosure on pages F-23, F-44 and F-45 to include  
  5.  a more detailed discussion of the future earn-out payments for each   
      of the asset acquisitions.                                            
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised its
disclosure on pages F-23, F-44and F-45to address the Staff’s comment. *****

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission February 9,
2021 Page 5 Please direct any questions regarding the Company’s responses or
the revised draft of the Registration Statement to me at (650) 565-3574or
rpavri@wsgr.com.
                                    
  Sincerely,                        
  WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI  
  Professional Corporation          
  /s/ Rezwan D. Pavri               
  Rezwan D. Pavri                   
                                    
                                            
  cc:  Adam Foroughi, Applovin Corporation  
                                            
Herald Chen, Applovin Corporation Victoria Valenzuela, Applovin Corporation
Lonnie Huang, Applovin Corporation Andrew T. Hill, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, P.C. Lang Liu, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. Michael T.
Esquivel, Fenwick & West LLP Ran D. Ben-Tzur, Fenwick & West LLP James D.
Evans, Fenwick & West LLP Jennifer J. Hitchcock, Fenwick & West LLP
