Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83
                                    
  Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati  
  Professional Corporation          
  650 Page Mill Road                
  Palo Alto, California 94304-1050  
  O: 650.493.9300                   
  F: 650.493.6811                   
                                    
January 15, 2021 Via EDGAR and Overnight Delivery U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission Division of Corporation Finance Office of Technology 100
F Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549 Attention: Larry Spirgel Alexandra
Barone Robert Littlepage Claire DeLabar
                             
  Re:  Applovin Corporation  
                             
Draft Registration Statement on Form S-1 Submitted December 7, 2020 CIK No.
0001751008 Ladies and Gentlemen: On behalf of our client, Applovin
Corporation (“ AppLovin” or the “ Company”), we submit this letter in
response to comments from the staff (the “ Staff”) of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “ Commission”) contained in its letter dated
December 31, 2020, relating to the above referenced Draft Registration
Statement on Form S-1(the “ Registration Statement”). We are concurrently
submitting via EDGAR this letter and a revised draft of the Registration
Statement for non-public review by the Staff. For the Staff’s reference, we
are providing to the Staff by overnight delivery copies of this letter as
well as both a clean copy of the Registration Statement and a copy marked to
show all changes from the version confidentially submitted on December 7,
2020. The Company has advised us that the registration statement will be
publicly filed and all nonpublic draft submissions will be publicly
available on the EDGAR system (i) at least 15 days prior to the Company
conducting its road show or (ii) in the event the Company does not conduct a
roadshow, at least 15 days prior to the requested effective date. Pursuant
to 17 C.F.R. § 200.83 of the Commission’s Rules on Information and Requests,
the Company is also requesting that confidential treatment be afforded to
this letter and the revised draft of the Registration Statement being
submitted. As instructed by the Commission, each page of the Draft
Registration Statement has been marked with the following legend:
“Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. Section 200.83.” In this letter, we have recited the comments from
the Staff in italicized, bold type and have followed each comment with the
Company’s response. Except for page references appearing in the headings and
Staff comments below (which are references to the original Registration
Statement submitted on December 7, 2020) and as specifically noted, all page
references herein correspond to the page of the revised draft of the
Registration Statement. AUSTIN BEIJING BOSTON BRUSSELS HONG KONG LONDON LOS
ANGELES NEW YORK PALO ALTO SAN DIEGO SAN FRANCISCO SEATTLE SHANGHAI
WASHINGTON, DC WILMINGTON, DE

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 2 Prospectus Summary, page 2
                                                                            
      Include the basis for your estimate “that a year after joining our    
  1.  portfolio, acquired Apps have                                         
      increased their quarterly revenue over 100% on average.”              
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on pages 2, 77, and 95 to address the Staff’s comment. Dilution,
page 65
                                                                            
      Please clarify that there was a net tangible deficit, not book        
      value, at                                                             
  2.  December 31, 2019.                                                    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on page 65 to address the Staff’s comment. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Our
Business Model Business Revenue, page 72
                                                                            
      We note on page 72 that you derive revenue from business clients      
      that purchase advertising inventory                                   
  3.  and you are able to grow your Business Revenue by improving your      
      Software, adding more Apps and increasing engagement on existing      
      Apps. Please discuss the changes in revenues due to each of these     
      reasons for the periods presented.                                    
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has supplemented the
disclosure on page 81 to add a discussion of the changes in Business Revenue
from Apps and Software and to discuss the impact of adding more Apps and
increasing engagement on existing Apps.
                                                                            
      We also note that you record Software revenue typically on a          
      performance-based, cost-per-install basis and MAX revenue as a        
      percentage of client spend. Please expand the discussion of Business  
      Revenue to quantify the changes in revenue from period to period      
  4.  from each of these sources due to                                     
      changes in price and changes in volume. Please see Financial          
      Reporting Codification Section 501.04 for guidance. Metrics such as   
      RPEC can be used to support your analysis but should not replace a    
      discussion of price                                                   
      and volume changes from period to period.                             
                                                                            
The Company acknowledges the Staff’s comment and respectfully advises the
Staff that it has supplemented the disclosure on page 81 to provide
additional disclosure regarding the changes in Software revenue. The Company
supplementally advises the Staff that it does not manage its business based
on how changes in cost-per-installand number of installs impact Business
Revenue because it focuses on overall revenue growth. The Company views the
number of Enterprise Clients and their engagement with its offerings, as
expressed through Revenue Per Enterprise Client (“ RPEC”), as the primary
drivers of its Business Revenue. The Company notes that approximately 97% of
its Business Revenue in 2019 came from the Company’s Enterprise Clients. The
Company believes that focusing on cost-per-installor number of installs
could be misleading to investors as such measures do not necessarily align
with its focus on Enterprise Clients and RPEC, which drive its overall
Business Revenue. The Company further advises the Staff that MAX revenue was
not material for the periods presented.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 3 Consumer Revenue, page 73
                                                                            
      Refer to your Risk Factor disclosure on page 47 in which you state    
      that the accounting for revenue                                       
      derived from free-to-play mobile games, particularly with regard to   
      revenue generated from digital storefronts, is still evolving and,    
  5.  in some cases, uncertain. Please                                      
      expand your discussion of Consumer Revenue to address current issues  
      regarding revenue generated from digital storefronts, clarifying      
      your accounting policy and the impact of any changes that may         
      evolve.                                                               
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on page 48 to clarify that there is no current uncertainty
regarding accounting policies related to revenue generated from digital
storefronts.
                                                                            
      Please expand the discussion of changes in Consumer Revenues to       
      quantify the changes in revenue due to                                
      increases in the per-transaction price of digital goods and the       
  6.  number of digital goods transactions during the periods presented.    
      Metrics such as MAPs and ARPMAP should support your discussion of     
      changes in                                                            
      revenues rather than being used as the sole measures of changes in    
      revenues.                                                             
                                                                            
The Company acknowledges the Staff’s comment and respectfully advises the
Staff that it does not believe that the per-transactionprice of virtual
goods and the number of virtual goods transactions will give investors
helpful insight into changes in its Consumer Revenue. The Company believes
that the value of, and the cost to provide, virtual goods in the gaming
environment are not comparable to real-world products, and therefore does
not find it meaningful to classify virtual goods by type nor attribute the
revenue impact to any specific mix of virtual goods sold. Further, the
Company believes that information such as the per-transactionprice, the
number of virtual goods transactions and the categories of virtual goods
sold would not be helpful in managing or understanding the Company’s
business. Instead, as described in the following paragraph and the Company’s
response to Staff comment #7, the Company believes that Monthly Active
Payers (“ MAPs”) and Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer (“ ARPMAP”)
are the most effective metrics to measure and manage the Company’s Consumer
Revenue. As disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Company’s App
business is relatively new, and has been rapidly growing. In recent periods,
the Company has determined that the most effective method for managing its
Apps is to focus on the number of MAPs and ARPMAP. The Company’s focus is to
increase Consumer Revenue in a sustainable manner. As such, the Company
believes that focusing on the number of virtual goods transactions or the
per-transactionprice of virtual goods transactions could be misleading to
investors as such measures do not necessarily align with the Company’s focus
on MAPs and ARPMAP, which drive its overall Consumer Revenue. As disclosed
on page 74 of the Registration Statement, and as discussed in more detail in
response to Staff comment #7 the Company did not retain user-level data
related to Consumer Revenue until recently, but intends to include a
discussion of trends in MAPs and ARPMAP on a go-forwardbasis as key metrics
and as part of its analysis of its results of operations. For historical

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 4 periods, since the Company has not retained Consumer Revenue
data related to the volume and price of virtual goods transactions, the
Company has provided disclosure explaining how the increase in Consumer
Revenue in 2019 was attributable to increases in revenue from new Apps and
Apps that were already part of the Company’s portfolio as of the beginning
of 2019. Key Metrics Monthly Active Payers, page 74
                                                                            
      We note that you state that until July 2020, you did not retain MAP   
      information. Please tell us                                           
      whether this information can be derived from your revenue             
      recognition transactions and if so, why you have chosen not to        
  7.  disclose this metric prior to July 2020, as you believe the metric    
      is important for investors. If you cannot derive MAP                  
      information from your revenue recognition transactions, please tell   
      us what information you utilize to determine that an individual       
      revenue transaction has occurred from a unique mobile device.         
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that in-apppurchases (“ IAPs”)
include fees collected from users of its Apps for virtual goods that can be
spent to obtain hints, solutions, advantages or other benefits within a
game. The IAPs also include fees collected from a user for removing
advertisements. The identified performance obligation is a promise to
enhance the game experience through the virtual goods that are consumed in
gameplay (consumable virtual goods) or a promise to not present
advertisements within the game (durable virtual goods). Payment, which is
made through the Company’s distribution partners, is required at the time of
purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount and non-refundable.The
Company considers each purchasing decision (e.g., the purchase of hints
and/or solutions) to result in the creation of an enforceable contract with
a customer. The contract has an estimated term of a few weeks based on
actual transfer of the enhanced gaming experience. This corresponds to the
duration in which the parties have present enforceable rights and
obligations, which is the enhanced game experience as a result of IAPs.
Payments received that result in the origination of a contract are initially
recorded to deferred revenue and recognized as the enhanced gaming
experience is transferred over the contract term. Each subsequent IAP is
considered to be a separate contract, as IAPs are generally made once prior
purchases have been consumed (i.e., once the Company has transferred the
promised enhanced gaming experience and the contract is complete). The
Company respectfully advises the Staff that, prior to July 2020, based on
how the Company identifies the individual contract and correspondingly
records revenue, it is not able to derive MAP information from its revenue
recognition transactions as the Company did not retain unique player
identification because revenue is based on individual contracts that are
established for each IAP, not based on unique user information. The Company
did not retain user information to help aggregate an individual user playing
multiple Apps or making multiple purchases within the same App, but since
late July 2020 the Company has retained such MAP information and the Company
intends to include a discussion of trends in MAPs and ARPMAP on a go-
forwardbasis as key metrics and as part of its analysis of its results of
operations.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 5 Results of Operations Extinguishment of acquisition-related
contingent consideration, page 83
                                                                            
      Please expand the discussion to clarify the reason that this gain     
      was recognized for the amendment of earn-out payments rather than     
  8.  recording the change as a purchase price adjustment, i.e. disclose    
      the timing of the acquisition and the timing of the amendment and     
      the reason for accounting for the amendment.                          
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on page 83 to address the Staff’s comment. Business, page 99
                                                                        
  9.  Please revise to include your basis for the following estimates:  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       “For example, PeopleFun was acquired in March 2018 and after a       
  •    year, we estimate PeopleFun had                                      
       increased its quarterly revenue by over five times and monthly       
       installs on AppDiscovery by nearly seven times.” (See page 99).      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       “Similarly, in November 2019, we acquired Clipwire Games, which was  
       not a business client. After                                         
  •    its first year using our Software, we estimate Clipwire Games        
       increased its quarterly revenue by four times and monthly installs   
       on AppDiscovery from zero to 254,000.” (See page 100).               
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on pages 99 and 100 to address the Staff’s comment. Financial
Statements – Applovin Corporation Note 2 – Basis of Presentation and Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies Revenue from Contracts with Customers,
page F-10
                                                                            
       Refer to your disclosure of Risk Factors on page 29. We note that    
       you may offer discounts for virtual                                  
  10.  items and give away virtual items, which may impact the perceived    
       value of the virtual items. Please expand your accounting policies   
       revenue recognition and impairment to address these discounts and    
       giveaways, if material.                                              
                                                                            
The Company acknowledges the Staff’s comment and respectfully advises the
Staff that discounts for virtual goods and giving away virtual goods have
not been material in any of the periods presented in the Registration
Statement.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 6 Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations, page F-13
                                                                            
       We note on page 77 that since 2018 you have invested over $1         
       billion in 15 strategic acquisitions                                 
       and partnerships with mobile app developers and for technologies to  
       enhance your Core Technologies. We note on page F-22 that in 2019    
       you acquired certain intangible assets for $480.6 million. We also   
       note on page 137 that you describe the transaction underlying the    
       issuance of the convertible note of $40 million in October and       
  11.  November 2020 as a strategic partnership with Athena FZE. Please     
       expand your accounting policy to address your                        
       accounting for the various partnerships that you have entered into   
       since 2018. Please describe the terms and rights of each partner     
       for all material investments that involve strategic partnerships     
       and whether there are related performance targets                    
       for the partnerships. Please also expand your MD&A discussion on     
       pages 86 and 89 accordingly.                                         
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on pages 86, 90, F-13, F-23, F-44,and F-45to address the Staff’s
comment. Intangible Assets, page F-14
                                                                            
       Refer to your disclosure in Risk Factors on page 22 that states      
       that a number of mobile apps that                                    
       achieved early popularity have since seen their user bases or user   
       engagement levels decline. We also note on pages 95 and 99 that      
       since 2018, 31 of your games have ranked in the Top 10 Free Games    
  12.  overall, which implies a rather rapid rise and                       
       decline of game popularity. Please expand your accounting policies   
       for estimated useful lives of intangible assets and impairment of    
       long-lived assets to address how you incorporate estimates of user   
       bases or user engagement in your accounting                          
       policies. Also, specifically address how these estimates impact the  
       lives of virtual items when recognizing Consumer Revenue.            
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on pages 90, 91, and F-14to address the Staff’s comment. The
Company supplementally advises the Staff that estimates of user bases and
user engagement did not materially impact revenue attributable to virtual
goods in 2018 and 2019 due to a very short consumption period for consumable
virtual goods. Additionally, the Company notes that revenue generated by
durable virtual goods was not material in 2018 and 2019. Note 6. Commitments
and Contingencies Commitments, page F-19
                                                                            
       We note on page F-80 that Machine Zone has entered into a            
       license agreement that has been extended through December 2021.      
  13.  Please expand the disclosure of commitments to disclose the future   
       payments and expected future amortization as of December 31, 2019    
       totaling                                                             
       $35.3 million.                                                       
                                                                            
The Company acknowledges the Staff’s comment and respectfully advises the
Staff that all commitments of future payments and expected future
amortization disclosed on page F-19of the Registration Statement are as of
December 31, 2019, which is the latest audited balance sheet period. The
Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the disclosure on
page F-43regarding the acquisition of Machine Zone Inc. (“ Machine Zone”) in
May 2020 to address the Staff’s comment. The Company will disclose
commitments of future payments and expected future amortization in
connection with the acquired IP license agreement in its consolidated
financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2020, when available.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 7 Note 7. Acquisitions, page F-20
                                                                            
       We note that you acquired PeopleFun on March 31, 2018 and in         
       December                                                             
       2018 amended the terms of the earn-out agreement. Since the          
       amendment to the earn-out agreement occurred during the twelve       
       months following the acquisition, please                             
       expand the disclosure to explain the reason you did not consider     
  14.  this change to be an adjustment to the purchase price.               
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on pages F-21and F-22to address the Staff’s comment. Note 10.
Credit Agreement and Convertible Notes Credit Agreement, page F-27
                                                                            
       We note on page 144 that the Amended Credit Agreement includes       
       Mandatory Prepayments. Please expand                                 
  15.  the disclosure of the Credit Agreement to disclose these mandatory   
       prepayments and the conditions that trigger such mandatory           
       prepayments.                                                         
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on page F-28to address the Staff’s comment. Note 16. Income
Taxes, page F-36
                                                                            
       Please expand the disclosure of the year end restructuring of the    
       foreign entity to explain the nature                                 
       of the restructuring, the foreign jurisdiction that included the     
       restructured entity and more detail regarding the decrease in the    
  16.  deferred tax liability in 2019.                                      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on page F-38to address the Staff’s comment. Note 20. Subsequent
Events, page F-42
                                                                            
       We note that the exit by the Company from one of the Machine Zone    
       real estate leases was effected                                      
       contemporaneously with the closing of the acquisition. Please        
  17.  expand the disclosure to explain why this was considered to be a     
       separate transaction and not accounted for in conjunction with the   
       acquisition. Please tell us the basis in ASC 805 for                 
       your accounting for this lease termination.                          
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on page F-43to address the Staff’s comment. The Company
supplementally advises the Staff that in determining whether the exit from
one of the Machine Zone real estate leases should be considered to be a
separate transaction it evaluated the factors in ASC 805-10-55-18.The
Company concluded that the lease amendment is not part of the business
combination based on the following facts and circumstances: (i) the lease
amendment was negotiated primarily for the benefit of the combined entity;
(ii) the Company was the primary party negotiating the lease amendment
directly with the lessor; and (iii) the negotiations of the lease amendment
and the acquisition of Machine Zone took place contemporaneously.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 8 Financial Statements – Machine Zone, Inc. Note 2 – Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies Liquidity, page F-66
                                                                            
  18.  Please revise to clarify when Machine Zone, Inc. became a            
       wholly-owned subsidiary of Applovin.                                 
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that it has revised the
disclosure on page F-69to address the Staff’s comment. Revenue Recognition,
page F-70
                                                                            
       We note on page F-71 that the estimated average playing period       
       (“EAPP”) is estimated to be generally between six and nine months.   
       We also note on page F-68 that Internal-Use Software Development     
  19.  Costs are amortized over an                                          
       estimated useful life of generally two to three years. Please        
       explain in greater detail how you determine the estimated useful     
       life of game-related software and how that useful life relates to    
       your EAPP.                                                           
                                                                            
The Company acknowledges the Staff’s comment and respectfully advises the
Staff that it has revised the disclosure on page F-71to address the Staff’s
comment. The Company supplementally advises the Staff that Machine Zone
determined the estimated useful life of game-related software based on the
period for which the game-related software is expected to contribute to
future cash flows. When estimating the period for which the game-related
software is expected to contribute to future cash flows, Machine Zone
primarily relied on its analysis of historical performance of its existing
games and the most recent trends in bookings. The Company further
supplementally advises the Staff that the estimated average playing period
(“ EAPP”) is based on the best estimate of the average playing life of
paying players, which is shorter than the average life of the game-related
software. Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations,
page F-101
                                                                            
       We note on page F-71 that Machine Zone, Inc. has recognized          
       digital advertising services on a gross basis as Machine Zone acted  
  20.  as a principal. Please provide a note to the pro forma financial     
       information detailing how the continuing revenue from digital        
       advertising services from previous Machine Zone                      
       customers will be recorded following the acquisition.                
                                                                            
The Company acknowledges the Staff’s comment and respectfully advises the
Staff that there was no continuing revenue from digital advertising services
from previous Machine Zone customers following the acquisition. As disclosed
on page F-73,Machine Zone had ceased to provide digital advertising services
as of December 31, 2018.

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 9 General
                                                                            
       Please supplementally provide us with copies of all written          
       communications, as defined in Rule 405                               
       under the Securities Act, that you, or anyone authorized to do so    
  21.  on your behalf, present to potential investors in reliance on        
       Section 5(d) of the Securities Act, whether or not they retain       
       copies of the                                                        
       communications.                                                      
                                                                            
The Company respectfully advises the Staff that, under separate cover, it
has concurrently herewith supplementally provided the Staff with a copy of
the written materials that have been presented visually, but not
distributed, to potential investors in “testing-the-waters”meetings in
reliance on Section 5(d) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The
Company respectfully requests that the Staff destroy such materials upon
completion of its review. To the extent that any written communications may
in the future be presented to additional potential investors, the Company
will provide the Staff with copies of any such written communications. *****

Confidential Treatment Requested by Applovin Corporation Pursuant to 17
C.F.R. SECTION 200.83 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission January 15,
2021 Page 10 Please direct any questions regarding the Company’s responses
or the revised draft of the Registration Statement to me at (650) 565-3574or
rpavri@wsgr.com.
                                    
  Sincerely,                        
  WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH & ROSATI  
  Professional Corporation          
  /s/ Rezwan D. Pavri               
  Rezwan D. Pavri                   
                                    
                                            
  cc:  Adam Foroughi, Applovin Corporation  
                                            
Herald Chen, Applovin Corporation Victoria Valenzuela, Applovin Corporation
Lonnie Huang, Applovin Corporation Andrew T. Hill, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati, P.C. Lang Liu, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. Michael T.
Esquivel, Fenwick & West LLP Ran D. Ben-Tzur,Fenwick & West LLP James D.
Evans, Fenwick & West LLP Jennifer J. Hitchcock, Fenwick & West LLP
