As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 22, 2021.
Registration No. 333-253800 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Applovin Corporation (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                                            
  Delaware                                   7370    45-3264542             
  (State or other               -Primary Standard                           
  jurisdiction of                      Industrial    -I.R.S. Employer       
  incorporation or            Classification Code    Identification Number  
  organization)                            Number                           
                                                                            
Applovin Corporation 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (800)
839-9646 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area
code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Adam Foroughi Co-
Founder,Chief Executive Officer, and Chairperson Herald Chen President and
Chief Financial Officer 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304
(800) 839-9646 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of agent for service) Copies to:
                                                                            
  Rezwan D. Pavri                                    Michael T. Esquivel    
  Lisa L. Stimmell                                   Ran D. Ben-Tzur        
  Andrew T. Hill           Victoria Valenzuela       James D. Evans         
  Lang Liu Wilson          Lonnie Huang Applovin     Jennifer J.            
  Sonsini Goodrich &       Corporation               Hitchcock Fenwick &    
  Rosati, P.C. 650 Page    1100 Page Mill Road       West LLP               
  Mill Road                Palo Alto, California     801 California Street  
  Palo Alto, California    94304 (800) 839-9646      Mountain View,         
  94304 (650) 493-9300                               California 94041       
                                                     (650) 988-8500         
                                                                            
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as
practicable after this registration statement becomes effective. If any of
the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed
or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933
check the following box. ☐ If this Form is filed to register additional
securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act,
please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant
to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-
effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act,
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-acceleratedfiler, smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
“large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☐    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☒    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
                                                                            
  Title of Each Class of              Proposed Maximum    Amount of         
  Securities to be                  Aggregate Offering    Registration Fee  
  Registered                               Price(1)(2)                      
  Class A common stock,                                                     
  par value $0.00003                    $1,000,000,000    $109,100(3)       
  per share                                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration     
  (1)  fee in accordance with Rule 457(o) of the Securities                 
       Act of 1933, as amended.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Includes the aggregate offering price of additional shares that the  
  (2)  underwriters have the option to purchase to cover                    
       over-allotments, if any.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The registrant previously paid $10,910 of this amount in connection  
  (3)  with a prior filing of this registration                             
       statement.                                                           
                                                                            
The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or
dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant
will file a further amendment which specifically states that this
registration statement will thereafter become effective in accordance with
Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the
registration statement will become effective on such date as the
Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a),
may determine.

The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be
changed. We and the selling stockholder may not sell these securities
until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to
sell these securities, and neither we nor the selling stockholder are
soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer
or sale is not permitted. PROSPECTUS (Subject to Completion) Issued , 2021
Shares Class A common stock This is an initial public offering of shares
of Class A common stock of Applovin Corporation. We are selling shares of
Class A common stock and the selling stockholder identified in this
prospectus is selling an additional shares of Class A common stock. We
will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of our Class A
common stock by the selling stockholder. We have three classes of
authorized common stock, Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and
Class C common stock. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock,
Class B common stock, and Class C common stock are identical, except with
respect to voting and conversion. Each share of Class A common stock is
entitled to one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is
entitled to 20 votes per share and is convertible at any time into one
share of Class A common stock. Shares of Class C common stock have no
voting rights, except as otherwise required by law, and will convert into
Class A common stock, on a share-for-share basis, following the conversion
or exchange of all outstanding shares of Class B common stock into shares
of Class A common stock and upon the date or time specified by the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock voting as
a separate class. Upon the completion of this offering, no shares of Class
C common stock will be issued and outstanding. Following the completion of
this offering, all shares of Class B common stock will be held by Adam
Foroughi, our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer, and the Chairperson of
our board of directors; Herald Chen, our President and Chief Financial
Officer, and a member of our board of directors; and KKR Denali Holdings,
L.P. (collectively with certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders).
Upon completion of this offering, the Class B Stockholders will
collectively hold % of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock.
The Class B Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement whereby all
Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective
permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined
by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr.
Foroughi). As a result, the Class B Stockholders, in particular, Mr.
Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali, will be able to determine or
significantly influence any action requiring the approval of our
stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the
adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and
the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially
all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction. Prior to this
offering, there has been no public market for our Class A common stock. We
anticipate that the initial public offering price per share of our Class A
common stock will be between $ and $ . We have been approved to list our
Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
“APP”. We will be treated as an emerging growth company, as defined in the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, for certain purposes until we
complete this offering. As such, in this prospectus we have taken
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations that apply to emerging
growth companies regarding selected financial data and executive
compensation arrangements. Following this offering, we will be a
“controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. See the sections titled “Management” and “Principal and
Selling Stockholders” for additional information. Investing in our Class A
common stock involves risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 to
read about factors you should consider before buying shares of our Class A
common stock. PRICE $ A SHARE
                                                                            
                                Underwri…                        Proceeds   
                                Discounts       Proceeds         to         
                 Price to       and             to               Selling    
                 Public         Commissi…       Company(1)       Stockhol…  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Per         $              $               $                $             
  Share                                                                     
  Total       $              $               $                $             
                                                                            
(1) See the section titled “Underwriters (Conflicts of Interest)” for a
description of the compensation payable to the underwriters. At our
request, the underwriters have reserved up to 5% of the shares of Class A
common stock offered by this prospectus for sale at the initial public
offering price through a directed share program. See the section titled
“Underwriters (Conflicts of Interest)—Directed Share Program” for
additional information. The selling stockholder has granted the
underwriters the right to purchase up to additional shares of our Class A
common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. Neither the Securities and
Exchange Commission nor any other regulatory body has approved or
disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of
this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
The underwriters expect to deliver the shares to purchasers on , 2021.
                                                                        
  Morgan Stanley    J.P. Morgan    KKR    BofA Securities    Citigroup  
                                                                        
                                        
  Credit Suisse    UBS Investment Bank  
                                        
                                                                            
  Opp…                  Trui…         Will…                  LUMA    The    
  &            Stif…    Secu…         Blair    Lion…         Sec…    Raine  
  Co.                                                                Group  
                                                      R.                    
        Blay…                  Guzm…                  Seel…          Robe…  
        Van,                   &                      &              &      
        LLC                    Comp…                  Co.,           Ryan   
                                                      LLC                   
                                                                            
Prospectus dated , 2021

APPLOVIN

We grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of mobile
developers $1.45B 2020 REVENUE 2020 NET LOSS: $125.2M 76% REVENUE CAGR
2016-2020 6B+ INSTALLS DRIVEN ON APPLOVIN PLATFORM (1) 410M+ DAILY ACTIVE
USERS REACHED (2) 3T+ MACHINE LEARNING PREDICTIONS PER DAY(3) 125+
COUNTRIES WITH DEVELOPERS LEVERAGING OUR PLATFORM (1) From July 1, 2012 -
January 2021 (2) For Q4 2020. See the section titled “Business” for
information on how we calculate this figure. (3) Maximum single day
predictions for January 2021

oUR DIVERSE TEAMS AND STRATEGIC PARTNERS COPENHAGEN BERLIN SAN FRANCISCO
PRAGUE TORONTO SAN MATEO PALO ALTO HERZLIYA TOKYO BAD DALLAS CYPRUS
BEIJING HO CHI MINH CITY SINGAPOREINGA Helping Fostering best Providing
significant developers practice sharing growth capital everywhere across
studios to developers get discovered

AppLovin understands our business and creates great tools. Our apps are in
more than 30 countries and now we’re able to automate and test campaigns
across all to maximize our revenue. Rogerio Silberberg Founder, Fanatee
Our business has scaled fivefold since we started partnering with
AppLovin. They are a key partner in our growth. Peter Williamson CEO,
AppyNation

AppLovin has helped us grow our games in new markets. With their
partnership, we recently launched Project Makeover and it has already
climbed to a #1 free game in the app store. Charlie Gu Founder and
Chairman, Magic Tavern AppLovin has been the ideal partner for Belka.
They’ve allowed us to focus on what we love doing—making the best games
while increasing our revenue. Yury Mazanik Co-founder, Belka Games

TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                            
  PROSPECTUS SUMMARY                                     1  
  RISK FACTORS                                          20  
  SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS     66  
  INDUSTRY, MARKET, AND OTHER DATA                      68  
  USE OF PROCEEDS                                       69  
  DIVIDEND POLICY                                       70  
  CAPITALIZATION                                        71  
  DILUTION                                              75  
  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA        78  
  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL     81  
  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                       
  LETTER FROM ADAM FOROUGHI, CO-FOUNDER, CEO,          115  
  AND CHAIRPERSON                                           
  BUSINESS                                             117  
  MANAGEMENT                                           135  
  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                               144  
                                                            
                                                                       
  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY                         163  
  TRANSACTIONS                                                         
  PRINCIPAL AND SELLING STOCKHOLDERS                              169  
  DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK                                    172  
  DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS                             181  
  SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE                                 186  
  MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S.    191  
  HOLDERS OF OUR CLASS A COMMON STOCK                                  
  UNDERWRITERS (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)                            196  
  LEGAL MATTERS                                                   212  
  EXPERTS                                                         212  
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION                       212  
  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                      F-1  
                                                                       
Through and including , 2021 (the 25th day after the date of this
prospectus), all dealers effecting transactions in these securities,
whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver
a prospectus. This is in addition to a dealer’s obligation to deliver a
prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to an unsold
allotment or subscription. Neither we nor the selling stockholder, nor any
of the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide any information or
to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus
or in any free writing prospectuses we have prepared. Neither we nor the
selling stockholder, nor any of the underwriters take responsibility for,
and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other
information that others may give you. We and the selling stockholder are
offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, our Class A common stock only
under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The
information contained in this prospectus is current only as of its date,
regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of
our Class A common stock. For investors outside the United States: Neither
we nor the selling stockholder, nor any of the underwriters have done
anything that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of
this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is
required, other than in the United States. Persons outside the United
States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves
about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the
shares of our Class A common stock and the distribution of this prospectus
outside the United States.

PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information that is presented in greater
detail elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of
the information you should consider before investing in our Class A common
stock. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the
sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this
prospectus before making an investment decision. Unless the context
otherwise requires, the terms “AppLovin,” “the company,” “we,” “us,” and
“our” in this prospectus refer to Applovin Corporation and its
consolidated subsidiaries, and references to our “common stock” include
our Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock.

APPLOVIN CORPORATION

Overview

Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of
mobile app developers.

Our software solutions provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to
grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the
marketing and monetization of their apps. Since inception, our platform
has driven over six billion mobile app installs for mobile app developers.
Our software, coupled with our deep industry knowledge and expertise, has
allowed us to rapidly scale
a successful and diversified portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and
partnership strategy. Our scaled and integrated business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app
ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive advantage that has fueled
our clients’ success and our strong growth.

Over the
past two decades, mobile apps have become integral to our lives. Mobile
apps offer a wide array of applications, such as allowing users to
seamlessly share ideas, make purchases, monitor health, and access
entertainment. Based on data from IDC, we
estimate our total market opportunity to be $189 billion in 2020, growing
to $283 billion in 2024, or a 10.6% compound annual growth rate (CAGR).
Growth of the mobile app ecosystem benefits mobile app users, but makes it
harder for mobile
app developers, and particularly independent (indie) developers, to scale
and succeed in a crowded market. Most developers lack access to the
marketing, monetization, and data analytics tools required to stand out
among the more than
4.8 million mobile apps available on the Apple App Store and Google Play
Store, according to Statista, or attract sufficient numbers of mobile app
users to create and sustain a successful long-term business. Underscoring
how difficult it is to
create a successful mobile app, SensorTower estimates that 80% of all
mobile app downloads were generated by 1% of total developers across both
Apple App Store and Google Play Store in the third quarter of 2019.

The marketing and monetization challenges faced by mobile app developers
are particularly acute for developers of mobile games, which is
one of the largest and fastest-growing segments within the mobile app
ecosystem. According to IDC, there are more than 2 billion mobile gamers
worldwide—and, according to Statista, there are more than 1.3 million
mobile gaming apps on the Apple
App Store and Google Play Store. Mobile gaming accounts for 39% of
worldwide app downloads and for 72% of all app store consumer spend by
value, according to Sensor Tower.

1

AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app developers, in
particular mobile game developers, solving key marketing and monetization
challenges. Through our technologies and scaled distribution, developers
are able to manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing investments, and
improve the monetization of their apps. The key elements of our solutions
are delivered through the AppLovin Platform, which is comprised of
AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software. In 2018, given an
opportunity to scale our own apps using our Software, insights, and
expertise in the mobile app ecosystem, we launched our first party content
strategy, AppLovin Apps. Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified
portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games across five genres, run by
twelve studios, including studios that we own (Owned Studios), and others
that we partner with (Partner Studios). The combination of our Platform
and Apps forms a strategic flywheel that drives growth across our business
and furthers our competitive advantages. As more developers use our
Platform’s Software to market and monetize their mobile apps, we gain
access to more users and more user engagement further strengthening our
scaled distribution. As our distribution grows, we gain better insights
for the recommendation engine in our Core Technologies, which then further
enhances our Software. This continuously improving flywheel helps
developers, including our own, to create and sustain successful
businesses, growing both our own business and the mobile app ecosystem. We
accelerate our capabilities and enhance our strategic position in the
mobile app ecosystem by actively pursuing acquisitions and partnerships
for new technologies and apps. Insights that we derive from our strategic
position and flywheel allow us to proactively identify attractive
acquisition and partnership opportunities across the mobile app ecosystem.
Since the beginning of 2018, we have invested over $1 billion across 15
strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app studios, games, and
technologies. In the case of new apps added to our portfolio, we are able
to deploy our Software and expertise to accelerate revenue growth,
enabling us to generate strong returns on investment. We estimate that a
year after joining our portfolio, Apps we acquired in 2018 and 2019 have
increased their quarterly revenue over 100% on average. 1Strategic
acquisitions and partnerships will continue to be a part of our growth
strategy going forward. For example, in February 2021, we entered into a
share purchase agreement to acquire Adjust GmbH (Adjust), a leading mobile
app attribution, measurement, and analytics company in Germany, which
agreement we amended and restated in March 2021 and which transaction we
expect to close in the second quarter of 2021. Our focus on building
market-leading technology, coupled with our unique approach to developing
and growing our Apps portfolio, has produced a business model
characterized by rapid growth and strong cash flow generation. Our revenue
has grown at a 76% CAGR from 2016 to 2020. For 2020, our revenue grew 46%
year-over-year from 2019, from $994.1 million in 2019 to $1.45 billion in
2020. For 2019, our revenue grew 106% year-over-year from 2018, from
$483.4 million in 2018 to $994.1 million in 2019. We generated a net loss
of $260.0 million in 2018, net income of $119.0 million in 2019, and a net
loss of $125.9 million in 2020. We generated Adjusted EBITDA of $255.6
million, $301.2 million, and $345.5 million in 2018, 2019, and 2020,
respectively. Additionally, we have generated strong cash flows, with net
cash provided by operating activities of $139.0 million, $198.5 million,
and $222.9 million in 2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively. This has allowed
us to reinvest in our expansion and growth. See the section titled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations—Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA” for a description of
Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income
(loss), the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States (GAAP).
                                                                            
     Based on a comparison of unaudited revenue for such acquired Apps for  
  1  the three months prior to the acquisition against                      
     our revenue from such Apps in the same period in the subsequent year.  
                                                                            
2

Industry Background Key Trends within the Mobile App Ecosystem
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is growing rapidly and is increasingly      
       defining how we interact with the world.                             
  •    Based on data from IDC, we estimate that our market opportunity      
       within the mobile app ecosystem will grow from $189 billion in 2020  
       to $283 billion in 2024, or a 10.6% CAGR.                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The proliferation of accessible and affordable advanced development  
       tools has led to lower cost and shorter                              
  •    development times for new apps. A broad selection of high quality,   
       easy to use, commoditized development kits has decreased the time,   
       capital, and expertise required to make an app.                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Mobile gaming has become one of the largest and fastest-growing      
  •    sectors within the mobile app ecosystem. Mobile                      
       gaming accounts for 39% of worldwide app downloads and for 72% of    
       all app store consumer spend by value, according to Sensor Tower.    
                                                                            
Key Challenges for Developers Today’s app developer journey has three key
steps – make, market, and monetize. The ‘make’ step has never been easier,
but developers still face key challenges in marketing and monetizing their
apps.
                                                                            
       The abundance of apps today creates a discovery and marketing        
       challenge for mobile app developers. The ease of                     
       making apps has created a highly fragmented market with over 4.8     
       million mobile apps available through the Apple App Store and        
       Google Play Store, according to Statista. Even after a user          
  •    downloads an app, for the average consumer in the United             
       States that app is now just one of the nearly 100 apps on the        
       average smartphone, according to App Annie. As a result, developers  
       must overcome both a crowded marketplace and home screen to          
       successfully market and monetize their apps, and this is             
       especially difficult for indie developers.                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Many developers lack access to marketing and monetization tools      
       required to build a successful business in the mobile                
       app ecosystem. Most mobile apps are free to install and many rely    
  •    on in-game advertising and in-app purchases (IAPs) for               
       monetization. To be successful, a developer’s app must not just be   
       discovered                                                           
       but also generate user engagement to effectively sell ad inventory   
       or create compelling content for IAPs.                               
                                                                            
Our Market Opportunity Based on data from IDC, we estimate our total
market opportunity in the mobile app ecosystem to be $189 billion. We
calculated this estimate by aggregating worldwide total in-app advertising
revenue of $101 billion (including gaming and non-gamingin-app display,
video, and other advertising, but excluding in-app search advertising) and
worldwide direct game spending of $88 billion for 2020. How We Grow the
Mobile App Ecosystem We have built and invested in our Platform, which
expands the mobile app ecosystem by solving key developer growth
challenges. We deliver value to mobile app developers by helping scale
their businesses and maximize their revenue through our marketing and
monetization technologies and expertise. Our uniquely integrated
Platform—comprised of our Core Technologies and Software—combines
marketing, monetization, and analytics into a single unified technology
stack.
                                                                            
       AppLovin Core Technologies are our foundational technology           
  •    infrastructure that powers our Software and, in turn,                
       our Apps. Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON machine-         
                                                                            
3
                                                                            
  learning recommendation engine, our App Graph data management layer, and  
  our elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core Technologies are robust,       
  having processed over 3 petabytes of data per day on                      
  average, as many as 3 trillion predictions per day, and up to 6.5         
  trillion events per day in January 2021, while remaining flexible enough  
  to rapidly adjust to our customers’ evolving needs. Our App Graph stores  
  and manages anonymized data                                               
  from hundreds of millions of mobile devices we reach every day, which     
  our AXON engine then leverages to better predict and match each user to   
  relevant advertising content.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppLovin Software is a comprehensive suite of tools for developers   
       to get their mobile apps discovered and                              
  •    downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend,   
       and maximize monetization of engagement. Our Software reaches an     
       audience of over 410 million users per day.2 Our Software is         
       comprised of three solutions:                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery is our marketing software solution, which matches       
       advertiser demand with publisher supply through                      
       auctions at vast scale and microsecond-level speeds, peaking at 3.5  
  •    million requests processed per second in January 2021. AppDiscovery  
       is powered by our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine with   
       predictive algorithms that enable                                    
       developers to match their apps to users that are more likely to      
       download them.                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of an    
  •    app’s advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive       
       auction, driving more competition and higher returns for             
       publishers.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Compass is our analytics software tool within MAX which gives        
  •    developers the testing capabilities, insights, and                   
       intelligence needed to stay competitive and manage profitability.    
                                                                            
We have also developed and invested in our AppLovin Apps. Our Apps consist
of a globally diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games
run by twelve studios with a deep bench of talented developers. These Apps
are accessed by nearly 32 million users every day. 2Our diversified
portfolio covers five gaming genres, the most frequent of which is casual
games, and appeals to a broad global audience across different ages,
genders, and locations. Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios utilize our
Software to market and monetize our Apps. When using our Software, our
Apps have an economic advantage, which benefits our business as a whole.
Our Strategic Flywheel The mutually reinforcing combination of our
Software’s scaled distribution, our Apps’ first-party content, and our
Core Technologies’ recommendation engine creates a powerful flywheel
effect that enhances each component and importantly improves our overall
strategic position and capabilities. As our Software improves and is able
to deliver more effective ads to more relevant users, more developers use
and integrate their apps with our Software. With growth in the number of
users on and engagement with our Apps and third-party apps, our App Graph
gains more insights and data to feed our AXON machine-learning
recommendation engine. This enables AXON to make more relevant
recommendations for each user, enhancing the effectiveness of our Software
in real-time. Better Software leads to more developer demand, restarting
the virtuous cycle of our strategic flywheel.
                                                                            
  2  See the section titled “Business” for information on how we calculate  
     this figure.                                                           
                                                                            
4

Higher monetization and more users more users served relevant ads more
likely to download more users download relevant apps more usage and data
better insights and more engagement appdiscovery marketing max
monetization applovin apps & client apps infrastructure app graph axon Our
Strategic Acquisitions and Partnerships We accelerate our technical
capabilities, strategic positioning, and growth through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. We have developed a proven and repeatable
process for acquiring highly sophisticated technology that enhances our
Platform and for selecting and scaling our Apps global portfolio. Our
acquisitions and partnerships include investments in software, such as our
acquisitions of MAX Advertising Systems, Inc. (MAX) and SafeDK Mobile Ltd.
(SafeDK), and game studios, such as our acquisition of PeopleFun, Inc.
(PeopleFun) and partnership with Belka Games. Since the beginning of 2018,
we have invested over $1 billion across 15 strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. We estimate that a year after joining our portfolio, Apps we
acquired in 2018 and 2019 have increased their quarterly revenue over 100%
on average. 3 Benefits to Mobile App Developers Our Platform enables
mobile app developers to:
                                                                            
       Reach and attract users at scale. Our Software reaches over 410      
       million users per day, enabling mobile app                           
  •    developers to target and find the right users for their apps         
       worldwide. Developers are able to set their user acquisition and     
       revenue goals to target the most relevant, highest value users.      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Maximize monetization of engagement. Developers use our Software to  
  •    generate incremental revenue by                                      
       maximizing the monetization of their mobile app ad inventory. Our    
                                                                            
                                                                            
     Based on a comparison of unaudited revenue for such acquired Apps for  
  3  the three months prior to the acquisition against                      
     our revenue from such Apps in the same period in the subsequent year.  
                                                                            
5
                                                    
  tools operate at nearly instantaneous speeds and  
  at vast scale to enhance monetization for         
  developers while preserving the end user          
  experience.                                       
                                                    
                                                                            
       Leverage proprietary data and insights. Developers benefit from      
       accessing comprehensive real-time                                    
  •    insights through our customized user dashboards, helping them        
       optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their        
       return on investment.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Automate time consuming and manual processes. Our Software           
  •    automates marketing and monetization,                                
       allowing developers to focus on improving their apps rather than     
       managing complex go-to-market processes manually.                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation. Our cloud-based Core        
       Technologies and Software are continuously                           
       updated as the mobile app ecosystem evolves. Developers on our       
  •    Software benefit from this ongoing advancement and optimization,     
       and are able to rapidly adapt to industry changes in marketing and   
       monetization without losing focus on mobile app                      
       creation.                                                            
                                                                            
Our Strengths
                                                                            
       Unique and improving strategic position. Our competitive             
       advantages, overall growth, and strong financial                     
       profile are a direct result of our integrated portfolio and          
  •    strategic flywheel. We leverage insights across our flywheel to      
       optimize our strategic position and business, in particular with     
       regard to the allocation of development                              
       resources and investments.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Proven and optimized mobile app discovery and monetization           
       technologies. For almost a decade, we have been                      
       improving our Platform. Powered by our AXON machine-learning         
  •    recommendation engine and our App Graph, we leverage deep insights   
       and technical expertise to create powerful software platforms and a  
       significant competitive advantage. We automate                       
       marketing and monetization, freeing developers to focus on what      
       they do best—app development.                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       An advantaged approach to the mobile apps market. Our Apps leverage  
       the strength of our Platform and                                     
  •    expertise to achieve strong discovery and monetization, leading to   
       a differentiated approach and business model. This advantaged        
       approach to the mobile apps market provides the opportunity to       
       expand into other mobile app sectors.                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Highly accretive approach to strategic acquisitions and              
       partnerships. We have a proven and repeatable                        
  •    playbook approach to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships.    
       The mobile app ecosystem remains highly fragmented and provides an   
       ongoing growth opportunity for us.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Strong business model to drive rapid growth and cash flow. Based on  
       our integrated assets and scale, we                                  
  •    have a strong business model that has produced rapid revenue growth  
       and an attractive margin profile. We are able to reinvest this cash  
       flow to fuel sustainable growth.                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Founder-led business, with a proven and experienced team to          
       execute.                                                             
  •    Our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson, Adam Foroughi, leads a         
       tenured management team with significant experience in the mobile    
       app industry and scaling successful businesses.                      
                                                                            
Our Strategy for Growth We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our
growth and further enhance our market position in the mobile app
ecosystem.
                                                                            
       Existing market expansion. We have an attractive market opportunity  
  •    within our growing mobile app segments                               
       and will continue to invest across our Core Technologies, Software,  
       and Apps:                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    Enhance and extend machine-learning platform technologies.  
                                                                   
6
                                                             
  •    Expand distribution reach and software capabilities.  
                                                             
                            
  •    Grow AppLovin Apps.  
                            
                                                                            
       New market extensions. We believe our technology and expertise are   
  •    applicable to other                                                  
       market segments and geographies that we do not currently address:    
                                                                            
                                                              
  •    Expand into other mobile app segments and industries.  
                                                              
                                                        
  •    Geographic expansion and industry partnerships.  
                                                        
                                                                    
  •    Other performance marketing and yield marketing categories.  
                                                                    
                                                                            
       Pursue accretive strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We have a  
  •    deep pipeline of software and app                                    
       investment opportunities which we will continue to pursue.           
                                                                            
Our Capital Structure Following this offering, we will have three classes
of common stock. Our Class A common stock, which is the stock we are
offering by means of this prospectus, has one vote per share, our Class B
common stock has 20 votes per share, and our Class C common stock has no
voting rights, except as otherwise required by law. Upon the closing of
this offering, Adam Foroughi, our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson; Herald
Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer, and a member of our board
of directors; and KKR Denali Holdings, L.P. (KKR Denali) (collectively
with certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders) will together hold all
of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock.
Accordingly, upon the closing of this offering, the Class B Stockholders
will collectively hold % of the voting power of our outstanding capital
stock in the aggregate, which voting power may increase over time to the
extent the Class B Stockholders exercise stock options outstanding at the
time of the completion of this offering and exchange such shares for Class
B common stock. If all such stock options held by the Class B Stockholders
had been exercised and exchanged for shares of Class B common stock as of
the date of the completion of this offering, our Class B Stockholders
would collectively hold % of the voting power of our outstanding capital
stock. The Class B Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement (the
Voting Agreement) whereby all Class B common stock held by the Class B
Stockholders and their respective permitted entities and permitted
transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen,
and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Class
B Stockholders, in particular, Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali,
will be able to determine or significantly influence any action requiring
the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our board of
directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or
substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction.
Shares of our Class C common stock, which entitle the holder to zero votes
per share, will not be issued and outstanding at the closing of the
offering and we have no current plans to issue shares of Class C common
stock. These shares will be available to be used in the future to further
strategic initiatives, such as financings or acquisitions, or issue future
equity awards to our service providers. Because the shares of Class C
common stock have no voting rights (except as otherwise required by law),
the issuance of such shares will not result in further dilution to the
voting power held by the Class B Stockholders. The multi-class structure
of our common stock is intended to ensure that, for the foreseeable
future, the Class B Stockholders continue to control or significantly
influence the governance of the company, which we believe will permit us
to continue to prioritize our long-term goals rather than short-term
results, to enhance the likelihood of stability in the composition of our
board of directors and its

7

policies, and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve
an actual or threatened acquisition of the company. See the sections
titled “Principal and Selling Stockholders” and “Description of Capital
Stock” for additional information. Recent Developments Definitive
Agreement to Acquire Adjust In February 2021, we signed a share purchase
agreement with Adjust, a leading mobile app attribution, measurement, and
analytics company in Germany, which we amended and restated in March 2021.
We have agreed to acquire all the outstanding shares of Adjust for an
estimated purchase price of approximately $1.0 billion, consisting of (i)
$598.0 million in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments;
(ii) a number of shares of our Class A common stock determined by dividing
$352.0 million by the 15-day volume-weighted average trading price per
share of our Class A common stock ending on the thirtieth trading day
following this offering; and (iii) the assumption of up to $40.0 million
in the aggregate of debt, accrued interest, and fees of Adjust, in each
case upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the share purchase
agreement. The Adjust acquisition is subject to customary closing
conditions and is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021. The
acquisition of Adjust will provide us with a set of strategic SaaS mobile
marketing solutions that expand our suite of innovative tools for mobile
app developers. Adjust tracks over $11.0 billion of mobile media spend
through its platform and has over 500 employees globally. Risk Factors
Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties,
including those highlighted in the section titled “Risk Factors”
immediately following this prospectus summary. These risks include the
following:
                                                                            
       We have a limited operating history, especially with respect to our  
  •    Apps, which makes it difficult to evaluate our                       
       current business and future performance and the risks we may         
       encounter.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate from               
  •    period-to-period, which could cause the market price of our Class A  
       common stock to decline.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is intensely competitive. If business       
  •    clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or                 
       services over our own, our business, financial condition, and        
       results of operations could be adversely affected.                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The mobile app ecosystem is subject to rapid technological change,   
       and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate                
  •    our resources among, emerging technologies and business models, our  
       business, financial condition, and results of operations could be    
       adversely affected.                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The failure to attract new business clients, the loss of clients,    
  •    or a reduction in spending by these clients could                    
       adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of   
       operations.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       If we are unable to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully      
  •    monetize them, or continue to improve the experience and             
       monetization of our existing Apps, our business, financial           
       condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       If we fail to retain existing users or add new users                 
  •    cost-effectively, or if our users decrease their level of            
       engagement with Apps, our business, financial condition, and         
       results of operations could be adversely affected.                   
                                                                            
8
                                                                            
       We have experienced significant growth through strategic             
  •    acquisitions and partnerships, and we face risks related to the      
       integration of such acquisitions and the management of such growth.  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations through   
  •    strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We face a                   
       number of risks related to these transactions.                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect  
       revenue, and if our ability to do so is harmed, or                   
       such third-party platforms change their policies in such a way that  
  •    restricts our business, increases our expenses, or limits the        
       information we derive from our Apps, our business, financial         
       condition, and results of operations could be adversely              
       affected.                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting         
       Agreement among the Class B Stockholders will have the               
       effect of concentrating voting power with the Class B Stockholders.  
       This will limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters     
  •    submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election   
       of our board of directors, the adoption of                           
       amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the   
       approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially  
       all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction.             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Following the completion of this offering, we will be a “controlled  
       company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq                            
  •    corporate governance requirements, and, as a result, we will         
       qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain          
       corporate governance requirements.                                   
                                                                            
Channels for Disclosure of Information Investors, the media, and others
should note that, following the completion of this offering, we intend to
announce material information to the public through filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), the investor relations page
on our website, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and our
corporate blog at blog.applovin.com. The information disclosed by the
foregoing channels could be deemed to be material information. As such, we
encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed
above and to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any
updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce
information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website.
Controlled Company Status Following this offering, our Class B
Stockholders will control more than 50% of the voting power of our common
stock and we will be considered a “controlled company” under the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements. As such, we are permitted to opt out of
compliance with certain Nasdaq corporate governance requirements and we
intend to rely on certain of such exemptions. Accordingly, stockholders
will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies
that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.
See the sections titled “Risk Factors—Following the completion of this
offering, we will be considered a “controlled company” within the meaning
of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, and, as a result, we will
qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate
governance requirements,” “Management,” and “Principal and Selling
Stockholders” for additional information.

9

Corporate Information

We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July 2011.
Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page
Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is (800)
839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com. Information contained
on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute part
of this prospectus and
inclusions of our website address in this prospectus are inactive textual
references only. You should not consider information contained on our
website to be part of this prospectus or in deciding whether to purchase
shares of our Class A common
stock.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law trademarks,
service marks, or trade names appearing
in this prospectus are the property of Applovin Corporation. Other
trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property
of their respective owners.

JOBS Act

We will be treated as an emerging
growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of
2012 (the JOBS Act) for certain purposes until the earlier of the date on
which we complete this offering or December 31, 2021. As such, in this
prospectus we have taken
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations that apply to emerging
growth companies regarding selected financial data and executive
compensation arrangements.

10

THE OFFERING
                                                                            
  Class A common stock offered                                              
  By us                                 shares                              
  By the selling stockholder            shares                              
  Total                                 shares                              
  Class A common stock to be                                                
  outstanding                           shares                              
  after this offering                                                       
  Class B common stock to be                                                
  outstanding                           shares                              
  after this offering                                                       
  Class C common stock to be                                                
  outstanding                           None                                
  after this offering                                                       
  Class A, Class B, and Class C                                             
  common                                shares                              
  stock to be outstanding after this                                        
  offering                                                                  
                                        The selling stockholder has         
                                        granted the underwriters an option  
                                        to purchase an additional           
                                        shares of Class A common stock.     
                                        Any shares of Class A common stock  
                                        purchased by the underwriters from  
  Over-allotment option                 the selling                         
                                        stockholder pursuant to this        
                                        option shall reduce the number of   
                                        shares of Class B common stock and  
                                        increase the number of shares of    
                                        Class A common stock outstanding    
                                        after this offering.                
                                        We estimate that the net proceeds   
                                        from our sale of shares of Class A  
                                        common stock in this offering will  
                                        be approximately                    
                                        $                    , based upon   
                                        the assumed initial public          
                                        offering price of                   
  Use of proceeds                       $                     per share,    
                                        which is the midpoint of the        
                                        estimated offering price range set  
                                        forth on the cover page of this     
                                        prospectus, and                     
                                        after deducting estimated           
                                        underwriting discounts and          
                                        commissions and estimated offering  
                                        expenses payable by us.             
                                        The principal purposes of this      
                                        offering are to increase our        
                                        capitalization and financial        
                                        flexibility, create a public        
                                        market for our                      
                                        Class A common stock, and enable    
                                        access to the public equity         
                                        markets for us and our              
                                        stockholders. We intend to use the  
                                        net proceeds from this offering     
                                        for general corporate purposes,     
                                        including working capital,          
                                        operating expenses, and capital     
                                        expenditures. We intend to use      
                                        approximately $400.0 million of     
                                        the net proceeds from this          
                                        offering to repay the entire        
                                        outstanding amount under our        
                                        revolving credit facility.          
                                        Additionally, we expect to use a    
                                        portion of the net proceeds to      
                                        enter                               
                                        into strategic acquisitions and     
                                        partnerships. However, other than   
                                        our pending acquisition of Adjust,  
                                        we do not have definitive           
                                        agreements or commitments for any   
                                        material acquisitions or            
                                        partnerships at this time.          
                                                                            
11
                                                                            
                            We will not receive any proceeds from the sale  
                            of Class A common stock by the selling          
                            stockholder.                                    
                            See the sections titled “Use of Proceeds” and   
                            “Underwriters (Conflicts of Interest)” for      
                            additional information.                         
  Voting rights             Shares of our Class A common stock are          
                            entitled to one vote per share.                 
                            Shares of our Class B common stock are          
                            entitled to 20 votes per share.                 
                            Shares of our Class C common stock have no      
                            voting rights, except as otherwise required by  
                            law.                                            
                            Holders of our Class A common stock and Class   
                            B common stock will generally vote together as  
                            a single class, unless otherwise                
                            required by law or our amended and restated     
                            certificate of incorporation. Upon the closing  
                            of this offering, the Class B Stockholders      
                            will collectively hold approximately            
                            % of the voting power of our outstanding        
                            capital stock in the aggregate. The Class B     
                            Stockholders have entered into the              
                            Voting Agreement whereby all Class B common     
                            stock held by the Class B Stockholders and      
                            their respective permitted entities and         
                            permitted transferees will be voted as          
                            determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen,    
                            and KKR Denali (one of                          
                            which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the   
                            Class B Stockholders, in particular, Mr.        
                            Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali, will be     
                            able to determine or significantly influence    
                            any action requiring the approval of our        
                            stockholders, including the election of our     
                            board of directors, the adoption of amendments  
                            to our certificate of incorporation and         
                            bylaws, and the approval of any merger,         
                            consolidation, sale of all or substantially     
                            all of our assets, or other major               
                            corporate transaction. See the sections titled  
                            “Principal and Selling Stockholders” and        
                            “Description of Capital Stock” for additional   
                            information.                                    
                            At our request, the underwriters have reserved  
                            up to 5% of shares offered by this prospectus   
                            for sale at the initial public offering         
                            price through a directed share program          
                            available to directors, officers, certain       
                            employees, and their friends and family         
                            members, as well as certain of our partners     
                            and clients. The sales will be administered by  
                            Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, an                    
                            underwriter in this offering, except for sales  
  Directed share program    to certain Canadian participants, which will    
                            be administered by Canaccord Genuity LLC as     
                            dealer for such participants. We do not know    
                            if these parties will choose to purchase all    
                            or any portion of these                         
                            reserved shares, but any purchases they do      
                            make will reduce the number of shares           
                            available to the general public. Any reserved   
                            shares that are not so purchased will be        
                            offered by the underwriters to the general      
                            public on the                                   
                            same                                            
                                                                            
12
                                                                            
                           terms as the other shares of Class A common      
                           stock. Additionally, except in the case of       
                           shares purchased by any director or officer,     
                           shares purchased through the directed share      
                           program will not be subject to a lock-up         
                           restriction. See the section titled              
                           “Underwriters (Conflicts of Interest)—Directed   
                           Share Program” for additional information.       
                           Following this offering, we will be a            
                           “controlled company” within the meaning of the   
                           Nasdaq corporate governance                      
  Controlled company       requirements. See the sections titled            
                           “Management—Director Independence and            
                           Controlled Company Exemption” and “Principal     
                           and Selling Stockholders” for additional         
                           information.                                     
  Nasdaq trading symbol    “APP”                                            
                                                                            
The number of shares of our Class A common stock, Class B common stock,
and Class C common stock that will be outstanding after this offering is
based on 185,033,746 shares of our Class A common stock, 150,421,563
shares of our Class B common stock, and no shares of our Class C common
stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, and reflects:
                                            
  •    Class A common stock, comprised of:  
                                            
                                                                            
       155,369,596 shares of Class A common stock, reflecting an actual     
       outstanding amount of 183,800,251 shares of Class A                  
  •    common stock as of December 31, 2020, less 28,430,655 shares of      
       Class A common stock which will be exchanged for Class B common      
       stock in the Class B Stock Exchange as defined below;                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       29,664,150 shares of Class F common stock that will automatically    
       convert into an equal number of shares of Class A                    
       common stock in the Class F Conversion (as defined below),           
  •    reflecting an actual outstanding amount of 42,564,150 shares of      
       Class F common stock as of December 31, 2020, less 12,900,000        
       shares of Class F common stock which, following the Class F          
       Conversion, will be exchanged for an equal number of shares of       
       Class B common stock in the Class B Stock Exchange; and              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       No shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, reflecting an     
       actual outstanding amount of 109,090,908 shares of                   
  •    Series A convertible preferred stock as of December 31, 2020, all    
       of which, following the Preferred Stock Conversion (as defined       
       below), will be exchanged for an equal number of shares of Class B   
       common stock in the Class B Stock Exchange.                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Class B common stock, comprised of 28,430,655 shares of Class A      
       common stock, 12,900,000 shares of Class F common Stock              
       and 109,090,908 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, all  
  •    of which, following the Capital Stock Conversions (as defined        
       below) will be exchanged for an equal number of shares of Class B    
       common stock immediately prior to the completion of                  
       this offering pursuant to the terms of certain exchange agreements   
       (the Class B Stock Exchange).                                        
                                                                            
The shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2020 exclude the following:
                                                                            
       20,867,025 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the      
  •    exercise of options to purchase shares of our                        
       Class A common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, with a     
       weighted-average exercise price of $6.25 per share;                  
                                                                            
13
                                                                            
       254,200 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the         
  •    exercise of options to purchase shares of our                        
       Class A common stock granted after December 31, 2020, with a         
       weighted-average exercise price of $27.03 per share;                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,424,256 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the       
  •    exercise of warrants to purchase Class A common                      
       stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, with a weighted-average   
       exercise price of $11.48 per share;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any shares of our Class A common stock issuable following this       
  •    offering upon conversion of an outstanding convertible               
       security;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any shares of our Class A common stock to be issued in connection    
       with the pending acquisition of Adjust;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the effect of the transactions described in the section titled       
  •    “Certain Relationships and Related Party                             
       Transactions—Other Transactions;” and                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       47,190,000 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future    
  •    issuance under our equity compensation plans,                        
       consisting of:                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       39,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for     
  •    future issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan                 
       (our 2021 Plan), which will become effective prior to the            
       completion of this offering;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       390,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for        
  •    future issuance under our 2021 Partner Studio Incentive              
       Plan (our 2021 Partner Plan), which will become effective prior to   
       the completion of this offering; and                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,800,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for      
  •    future issuance under our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase               
       Plan (our ESPP), which will become effective prior to the            
       completion of this offering.                                         
                                                                            
Our 2021 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the
number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved thereunder, and our
2021 Plan will also provide for increases to the number of shares of Class
A common stock that may be granted thereunder based on shares under our
2011 Equity Incentive Plan (our 2011 Plan) that expire, are tendered to or
withheld by us for payment of an exercise price or for satisfying tax
withholding obligations, or are forfeited or otherwise repurchased by us.
See the sections titled “Executive Compensation—Employee Benefit and Stock
Plans,” “Description of Capital Stock—Convertible Security,” and
“Description of Capital Stock—Adjust Stock” for additional information.
Following the completion of this offering, and pursuant to an equity
exchange right agreement entered into between us and Herald Chen (the
Equity Award Exchange Agreement), Mr. Chen will have a right (but not an
obligation) to require us to exchange any shares of Class A common stock
received upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of Class A common
stock for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. We refer
to this right as the Equity Award Exchange. The Equity Award Exchange
applies only to equity awards granted to Mr. Chen prior to the
effectiveness of the filing of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. Subsequent to December 31, 2020, Mr. Chen exercised options
to purchase 39,600 shares of Class A common stock, which shares will be
exchanged for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock in
the Class B Exchange but which are, unless otherwise specified, not
included in the number of shares of Class B common stock given above or
elsewhere in this prospectus. There are 2,360,400 shares of our Class A
common stock subject to options held by Mr. Chen that we anticipate will
be subject to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement and may be exchanged,
upon exercise, for an equivalent number of shares of

14

our Class B common stock following this offering. In the event that Mr.
Chen had exchanged all shares of Class A common stock that he may acquire
pursuant to options that he exercises immediately prior to this offering,
then the Class B Stockholders would have held approximately % of the
voting power of our capital stock in the aggregate immediately following
the completion of this offering. The number of shares above gives effect
to a 1-to-3forward stock split, which occurred on May 20, 2020 (the
Forward Stock Split). Except as otherwise indicated, all information in
this prospectus:
                                                                            
  •    gives effect to the Forward Stock Split as if it had occurred on     
       the date of such information;                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       assumes the conversion of all outstanding shares of our Class F      
       common stock into an equal number of shares of our                   
  •    Class A common stock, which will occur immediately prior to the      
       completion of this offering pursuant to the terms of our amended     
       and restated certificate of incorporation (the Class F Conversion);  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       assumes the conversion of all outstanding shares of our Series A     
       convertible preferred stock into an equal number                     
       of shares of our Class A common stock, which will occur immediately  
  •    prior to the completion of this offering pursuant to the terms of    
       our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the           
       Preferred Stock Conversion, and together with the                    
       Class F Conversion, the Capital Stock Conversions);                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       assumes the filing and effectiveness of our amended and restated     
  •    certificate of incorporation and the effectiveness of                
       our amended and restated bylaws will each occur immediately prior    
       to the completion of this offering;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the Class B Stock Exchange will occur immediately prior to the       
       completion of this offering;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       assumes no exercise of outstanding stock options and warrants        
  •    subsequent to December 31, 2020; and                                 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment      
       option.                                                              
                                                                            
15

SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following tables
summarize our consolidated financial and other data. We have derived the
summary consolidated statement of operations data for 2019 and 2020 and
summary consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2020 from our
audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus. We have derived the summary consolidated statement of
operations data for 2018 from our audited consolidated financial
statements not included in this prospectus. Our historical results are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future.
The following summary consolidated financial and other data should be read
in conjunction with the section titled “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited
pro forma condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in
this prospectus. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Income (Loss) Data
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                                         
                               2018             2019               2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                     -in thousands,                                         
                         except for                                         
                      share and per                                         
                      share amounts                                         
  Revenue         $         483,363       $  994,104       $  1,451,086     
  Costs and                                                                 
  expenses:                                                                 
  Cost of                    53,758          241,274            555,578     
  revenue(1)(…                                                              
  Sales and                 166,799          481,781            627,796     
  marketing(1…                                                              
  Research and               16,270           44,966            180,652     
  development…                                                              
  General and                14,854           31,712             66,431     
  administrat…                                                              
  Lease                                                                     
  modification                                                              
  and                                                                       
  abandonment                     —                —              7,851     
  of                                                                        
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Extinguishm…                                                              
  of                                                                        
  acquisition…              (10,763  )             —             74,820     
  contingent                                                                
  considerati…                                                              
  Total cost                240,918          799,733          1,513,128     
  and expenses                                                              
  Income                                                                    
  (loss) from               242,445          194,371            (62,042  )  
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on                  (484,644  )       (73,955  )         (77,873  )  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income                                                              
  (expense),                  1,940            5,818              4,209     
  net                                                                       
  Total other                                                               
  income                   (482,704  )       (68,137  )         (73,664  )  
  (expense)                                                                 
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)                   (240,259  )       126,234           (135,706  )  
  before                                                                    
  income taxes                                                              
  Provision                                                                 
  for (benefit               19,736            7,194             (9,772  )  
  from) income                                                              
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income               (259,995  )       119,040           (125,934  )  
  (loss)                                                                    
  (Loss)                                                                    
  attributable                                                              
  to                              —                —               (747  )  
  noncontroll…                                                              
  interest                                                                  
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable             (259,995  )       119,040           (125,187  )  
  to                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
  shareholders                                                              
  Less: Income                                                              
  attributable                                                              
  to                              —          (42,664  )               —     
  participati…                                                              
  securities                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable             (259,995  )        76,376           (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Basic                                                               
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributable    $        (259,995  )    $   76,561       $   (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Dilut…                                                              
                                                                            
16
                                                                            
                      Year Ended                                            
                    December 31,                                            
                            2018                 2019              2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             -in                                            
                      thousands,                                            
                      except for                                            
                       share and                                            
                       per share                                            
                         amounts                                            
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributab…                                                               
  to common                                                                 
  stockholde…                                                               
  Basic          $         (1.37  )    $         0.36    $        (0.58  )  
  Diluted        $         (1.37  )    $         0.36    $        (0.58  )  
  Weighted                                                                  
  average                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  shares used                                                               
  to compute                                                                
  net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributab…                                                               
  to common                                                                 
  stockholde…                                                               
  Basic              189,533,630          210,937,147       214,936,545     
  Diluted            189,533,630          212,365,429       214,936,545     
  Pro forma                                                                 
  net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributab…                                                               
  to common                                                                 
  stockholde…                                                               
  (unaudited…                                                               
  Basic                                                  $                  
  Diluted                                                $                  
  Pro forma                                                                 
  weighted                                                                  
  average                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  shares used                                                               
  to compute                                                                
  net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributab…                                                               
  to                                                                        
  common                                                                    
  stockholde…                                                               
  (unaudited…                                                               
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                            
                             Year Ended December                            
                                             31,                            
                                            2018         2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                   -in thousands                            
  Cost of revenue        $                   517    $     124    $     982  
  Sales and marketing                      2,582        1,922       10,668  
  Research and                             1,009        5,009       36,852  
  development                                                               
  General and                              1,357        3,167       13,885  
  administrative                                                            
  Total stock-based      $                 5,465    $  10,222    $  62,387  
  compensation                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                            Year Ended December                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2018         2019          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                  -in thousands                             
  Cost of revenue       $                 7,932    $  74,787    $  228,339  
  Sales and                                 495        7,641        11,587  
  marketing                                                                 
  Total amortization                                                        
  expense related to    $                 8,427    $  82,428    $  239,926  
  acquired                                                                  
  intangibles                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included         
       elsewhere in this prospectus for an explanation of the               
       method used to compute the historical net income (loss) per share    
       and the number of shares used in the computation of the per share    
       amounts. Unaudited pro forma basic net loss per share attributable   
       to common stockholders is computed to give effect                    
       to the automatic conversion of all outstanding shares of our         
       preferred stock into 109,090,908 shares of Class A common stock and  
       the automatic conversion of the convertible security issued in       
  (3)  connection with a strategic partnership with Athena FZE              
       (see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in     
       this prospectus) into            shares of common stock at $         
       per                                                                  
       share, which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range   
       set forth on the cover page of this prospectus multiplied by 0.8,    
       weighted for the part of the year when the convertible security was  
       outstanding. An increase or decrease in the                          
       assumed initial public offering price by $1.00 has no impact on the  
       pro forma loss per share.                                            
                                                                            
17

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
                                                                            
                          As of                                             
                       December                                             
                       31, 2020                                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                               Pro Forma    
                         Actual          Pro Forma(1)          as           
                                                               Adjusted(2…  
                            -in                                             
                      thousands                                             
  Cash and                                                                  
  cash           $      317,235       $       863,741       $               
  equivalents                                                               
  Working                64,942               608,349                       
  capital(4)                                                                
  Total               2,154,593             2,701,099                       
  assets                                                                    
  Total debt          1,599,200             2,164,368                       
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred             399,589                     —                       
  stock                                                                     
  Accumulated        (1,012,400  )         (1,031,062  )                    
  deficit                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  stockholde…          (158,545  )           (177,207  )                    
  equity                                                                    
  (deficit)                                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The pro forma column in the consolidated balance sheet data table    
       above reflects (i) the Capital Stock                                 
       Conversions, as if such conversions had occurred on December 31,     
       2020, (ii) the Class B Exchange, as if such exchange had occurred    
       on December 31, 2020, (iii) the increase in our senior secured term  
       loan facility by $300.0                                              
  (1)  million, as if such transaction had occurred on December 31, 2020,   
       (iv) the borrowing of an additional $250.0 million under our         
       revolving credit facility, which we expect to close on March 31,     
       2021, as if such transaction had occurred                            
       on December 31, 2020, and (v) the filing and effectiveness of our    
       amended and restated certificate of incorporation that will become   
       effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering.      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The pro forma as adjusted column in the balance sheet data table     
       above gives effect to (i) the pro forma                              
       adjustments set forth above, (ii) the sale and issuance by us of     
       shares of our Class A common stock in this offering, based upon the  
       assumed initial public offering price of                             
       $           per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated        
       offering price range set forth on the cover page of this             
  (2)  prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts     
       and commissions                                                      
       and estimated offering expenses payable by us (with respect to       
       these offering expenses, $2.7 million had been paid at December 31,  
       2020 and $0.9 million had been accrued as of December 31, 2020),     
       and (iii) the application of the estimated net                       
       proceeds from this offering, as described in the section titled      
       “Use of Proceeds.”                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public        
       offering price of                                                    
       $           per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated        
       offering price range set forth on the cover page of this             
       prospectus, would increase or decrease the amount of our pro forma   
       as adjusted                                                          
       cash and cash equivalents, working capital, total assets, and total  
       stockholders’ (deficit) equity by $           million, assuming      
       that the number of shares of Class A common stock                    
  (3)  offered, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains  
       the same, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and       
       commissions payable by us. An increase or decrease of 1.0 million    
       shares in the number of shares offered by us                         
       would increase or decrease, as applicable, the amount of our pro     
       forma as adjusted cash and cash equivalents, working capital, total  
       assets, and total stockholders’ (deficit) equity by                  
       $           million, assuming the assumed initial public offering    
       price remains the same, and after deducting estimated underwriting   
       discounts and commissions payable by us.                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (4)  Working capital is defined as current assets less current            
       liabilities.                                                         
                                                                            
Non-GAAPFinancial Measures We review a number of operating and financial
metrics, including the following financial measures that were not prepared
in accordance with GAAP to evaluate our business. We use Adjusted EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of
our overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of
our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the
effectiveness of our business strategies, and to communicate with our
board of directors concerning our financial performance.
                                                                            
                        Year Ended                                          
                      December 31,                                          
                              2018              2019              2020      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                               -in                                          
                        thousands,                                          
                            except                                          
                       percentages                                          
  Net income      $       (259,995  )     $  119,040       $  (125,934  )   
  (loss)                                                                    
  Adjusted        $        255,618        $  301,197       $   345,495      
  EBITDA                                                                    
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                     (53.8  )%          12.0  %           (8.7  )%  
  margin                                                                    
  Adjusted                                                                  
  EBITDA                      52.9  %           30.3  %           23.8  %   
  margin                                                                    
                                                                            
18

See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for a
description of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBTIDA margin and a
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most
directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.

19

RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree
of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below, together with all of the other information in this
prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our
consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited
pro forma condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in
this prospectus before making a decision to invest in our Class A common
stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or
prospects could also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties that
are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not
material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely
affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock
could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry We have a limited operating history,
especially with respect to our AppLovin Apps, which makes it difficult to
evaluate our current business and future performance and the risks we may
encounter. Our limited operating history, especially with respect to our
AppLovin Apps, which we launched in 2018, may make it difficult to
evaluate our current business and our future performance. We have
encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties
frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing
industries, such as the mobile app ecosystem, including our ability to:
                                                                         
  •    accurately forecast our revenue and plan our operating expenses;  
                                                                         
                                                                            
  •    attract new and retain existing business clients using AppLovin      
       Software and users of our Apps;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    successfully compete with current and future competitors, some of    
       whom are also our clients;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    successfully expand our business in existing markets and enter new   
       markets and geographies;                                             
                                                                            
                                                                      
  •    successfully execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       develop a scalable, high-performance technology infrastructure that  
  •    can efficiently and reliably handle increased usage,                 
       as well as the deployment of new features and services;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    comply with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our  
       business;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the   
       markets in which we operate;                                         
                                                                            
                                                         
  •    establish and maintain our brand and reputation;  
                                                         
                                                                            
  •    adapt to rapidly evolving trends in the ways businesses and          
       consumers interact with technology;                                  
                                                                            
                                             
  •    effectively manage our rapid growth;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    avoid interruptions or disruptions in our AppLovin Core              
       Technologies, Software, or Apps; and                                 
                                                                            
                                                   
  •    hire, integrate, and retain key personnel.  
                                                   
Further, because we have limited historical financial data, including
limited data regarding the integration of our strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, and operate in a rapidly evolving market, any 20

financial planning and forecasting, including predictions about our future
revenue and expenses, may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a
longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. If our
assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan
and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address
these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially
from our expectations. If we fail to address the risks and uncertainties
that we face, including those described elsewhere in this “Risk Factors”
section, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected. Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate
from period-to-period,which could cause the market price of our Class A
common stock to decline. Our results of operations have fluctuated in the
past and are likely to fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarterand
year-to-yearin the future for a variety of reasons, many of which are
outside of our control and difficult to predict. As a result, you should not
rely upon our historical results of operations as indicators of future
performance. Numerous factors can influence our results of operations,
including:
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain and grow our business client and user        
       bases;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to our Core Technologies, Software, Apps, or other           
  •    offerings, or the development and introduction of new                
       Software or development of new mobile apps by our studios or our     
       competitors;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to the policies or practices of companies or governmental    
  •    agencies that determine access to third-party                        
       platforms, such as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store,    
       or to our Software, Apps, website, or the internet generally;        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes to the policies or practices of third-party platforms, such  
       as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store,                    
  •    including with respect to Apple’s Identifier for Advertisers         
       (IDFA), which helps advertisers assess the effectiveness of their    
       advertising efforts, and with respect to transparency regarding      
       data processing;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond our         
       current Software and Apps;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the actions of our competitors, both with respect to their own       
  •    offerings and, to the extent such competitors are also               
       our clients, with respect to their use of our Software;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       costs and expenses related to the strategic acquisitions and         
       partnerships, including costs related to integrating mobile          
  •    gaming studios or other companies that we acquire, as well as costs  
       and expenses related to the development of our Core Technologies,    
       Software, or Apps;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                          
  •    our ability to achieve or maintain profitability;  
                                                          
                                                                            
       increases in and timing of operating expenses that we may incur to   
  •    grow and expand our operations and to remain                         
       competitive;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       system failures or outages, or actual or perceived breaches of       
  •    security or privacy, and the costs associated with                   
       preventing, responding to, or remediating any such outages or        
       breaches;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including      
  •    with respect to privacy and data protection, or actions              
       by governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent    
       decrees;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       charges associated with impairment of any assets on our balance      
  •    sheet or changes in our expected estimated useful life               
       of property and equipment and intangible assets;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other                  
  •    litigation-related costs and the fees associated with investigating  
       and defending claims;                                                
                                                                            
21
                                                                            
  •    changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, such as with   
       respect to privacy;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by the  
  •    mix of income we earn in the United States and in                    
       jurisdictions with comparatively lower tax rates;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory          
  •    interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the               
       period such laws are enacted or interpretations are issued and may   
       significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period;          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the application of new or changing financial accounting standards    
       or practices; and                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes in regional or global business or macroeconomic conditions,  
  •    including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact     
       the other factors described above.                                   
                                                                            
In particular, it is difficult to predict if, when, or how quickly newly-
launched Software may begin to generate revenue or decline in popularity.
Further, we cannot be certain if a new App will become popular amongst users
and generate revenue. The success of our business depends in part on our
ability to develop and enhance our Software and consistently and timely
launch new Apps. It is difficult for us to predict with certainty when we
will expand our Software suite or launch a new App as we may require longer
development schedules or soft launch periods to meet our quality standards
and expectations. If our business clients do not adopt our new Software
offerings, or develop or further invest in their own competing alternatives,
or if we are unable to successfully launch or acquire new Apps or maintain
or improve existing Apps, our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. Fluctuations in our results of operations may cause such
results to fall below our financial guidance or the expectations of analysts
or investors, which could cause the market price of our Class A common stock
to decline. The mobile app ecosystem is intensely competitive. If business
clients or users prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
adversely affected. We face significant competition in the mobile app
ecosystem. We offer a suite of solutions for developers to get their mobile
apps discovered and downloaded by the right users, optimize return on
marketing spend, and maximize the monetization of their engagement. We
collect revenue from business clients for fees paid by mobile app
advertisers, including developers, that use our Software and from the sale
of advertising inventory of our Apps. Advertisers often engage with several
advertising platforms and networks to purchase advertisements on mobile apps
and developers often engage with multiple tools to market and monetize their
apps. Accordingly, we face significant competition from traditional, online
and mobile businesses that provide ad networks and platforms, mobile apps
and games, media, and other services for advertisers to reach relevant
audiences. We also face competition from providers of developer tools that
enable developers to reach their audiences or manage or optimize their
advertising campaigns. These companies vary in size and include Facebook,
Google, Twitter, and Unity Software as well as various private companies.
Several of these companies, including Facebook, Google, and Unity Software,
are also our partners and Enterprise Clients. 4Additionally, our studios
build many of our Apps using the development kits offered by Unity Software.
Clients who are also competitors may decide to invest in their own offerings
rather than continue to use our Software or advertise on our Apps.
Additionally, we also compete with businesses that develop online and mobile
games and other mobile apps, which vary in size and include companies such
as Activision Blizzard, Tencent, and Zynga, as well as other public and
private companies. Many of these companies are also our partners and
clients. As we expand our global operations and mobile app offerings, we
increasingly face
                                                                            
     See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of        
  4  Financial Condition and Results of                                     
     Operations” for a discussion of how we define Enterprise Clients.      
                                                                            
22

competition from high-profile companies with significant online presences
that may introduce new or expanded offerings, such as Apple, Facebook,
Google, Microsoft, and Snap. In addition, other
large companies that to date have not actively focused on mobile apps or
gaming may decide to develop mobile apps or gaming offerings, such as
Amazon’s recently introduced games platform, or partner with other
developers. Some of these current
and potential competitors have significantly greater resources that can be
used to develop, acquire, or brand additional mobile apps or gaming
alternatives, and may have more diversified revenue sources than we do and
therefore may be less severely
affected by changes in consumer preferences, regulations, or other
developments that may impact our business or industry.

Further,
as there are relatively low barriers to entry to develop and publish a
mobile app, we expect new competitors to enter the market and existing
competitors to allocate more resources towards developing and marketing
competing games and apps. Because
our mobile games are free to play, our Apps compete primarily on the basis
of user experience rather than price. The proliferation of apps makes it
difficult for us to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and compete
for users and the
success of our Apps will depend in part on our Software continuing to
provide effective marketing and monetization tools.

We also
face competition for advertising spending and for the discretionary
spending, leisure time, and attention of our users from game platforms such
as personal computer and console games, and other leisure time activities,
such as television, movies,
music, sports, and the internet. In addition, non-game applications for
mobile devices, such as social media and messaging, television, movies,
music, dating, and sports, have become increasingly popular,
making the overall mobile app ecosystem highly fragmented and making it more
difficult for any mobile app to differentiate itself. Our future growth
depends in part on the overall health of the mobile app ecosystem and in
particular, mobile
gaming. Increasing competition could result in decreases in our App users,
increased user acquisition costs, lower engagement with our Apps, and loss
of key personnel, all of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, or
results of operations.

Some of our current and potential competitors may be domiciled in different
countries and subject to
political, legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more
effectively than us, particularly outside of the United States. Some of our
current and potential competitors may have greater resources, more
diversified revenue streams,
better technological or data analytics capabilities, or stronger brands or
competitive positions in certain product segments, geographic regions, or
user demographics than we do. If business clients or users prefer our
competitors’ products or
services over our own, or if our competitors are better able to adapt to
changes in the preferences of advertisers or users, regulations, or other
developments, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely
affected.

The mobile app ecosystem is subject to rapid technological change, and if we
do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging
technologies and business models, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Technology changes rapidly in the mobile app ecosystem. Our future success
depends in part on our ability to adapt to trends and to
innovate. To attract new business clients and users and increase revenue
from our current business clients and users, we will need to enhance and
improve our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps. Enhancements of our
existing technology and
offerings, and new offerings, may not be introduced in a timely or cost-
effective manner and may contain errors or defects.

Our
business also currently depends in part on the growth and evolution of the
internet, especially mobile internet-enabled devices. The number of people
using mobile internet-enabled devices has increased rapidly over time, and
we expect that this
trend will continue. However, the mobile app

ecosystem may not grow in the way we anticipate. We must continually
anticipate and adapt to

23

emerging technologies to stay competitive. As the technological
infrastructure for internet access improves and evolves, consumers will be
presented with more opportunities to access apps and play games on a variety
of devices and platforms and to experience other leisure activities that may
compete with mobile apps. Forecasting the financial impact of these emerging
technologies and business models is inherently uncertain and volatile. If we
decide to support a new technology or business model in the future, it may
require partnering with a new platform, technology, or business partner,
which may be on terms that are less favorable to us than those for
traditional technologies or business models. To invest in a new technology
or expand our offerings, we must invest financial resources and management
attention. We may invest significant resources in a new offering or in a
strategic acquisition or partnership, which could prove unsuccessful or
prevent us from directing these resources towards other opportunities. We
may never recover the often-substantial up-frontcosts of developing and
marketing emerging technologies or business models, or recover the
opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources. Further,
our competitors may adopt an emerging technology or business model more
quickly or effectively than we do, creating products that are
technologically superior to ours or attract more users than ours. If, on the
other hand, we do not continue to enhance our Core Technologies, Software,
or Apps, or do not appropriately allocate our resources amongst
opportunities, or we otherwise elect not to pursue new business models that
achieve significant commercial success, we may face adverse consequences.
For example, we do not currently offer our Apps on all devices or all gaming
platforms. If the devices on which our Apps are available decline in
popularity or become obsolete faster than anticipated, or if new platforms
emerge other than those on which our games are offered, we could experience
a decline in revenue and in our number of App users, and we may not achieve
the anticipated return on our development efforts. It may take significant
time and expenditures to shift product development resources to new
technologies, and it may be more difficult to compete against existing
products incorporating such technologies. If new technologies render mobile
devices obsolete or we are unable to successfully adapt to and appropriately
allocate our resources amongst current and new technologies, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
The failure to attract new business clients, the loss of clients, or a
reduction in spending by these clients could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. A significant portion of our
revenue is Business Revenue. 5We collect Business Revenue from advertisers
spending on our Software and Apps. Business Revenue from our Software, which
is mostly from AppDiscovery, is generated from our advertisers, typically on
a performance-based, cost-per-installbasis, then shared with our advertising
publishers, typically on a cost per impression model. Business Revenue
generated from our Apps comes from advertisers that purchase ad inventory
from our diverse portfolio of mobile games.As is common in the mobile app
ecosystem and in the advertising industry, our business clients do not have
long-term advertising commitments with us. Our success depends in part on
our ability to satisfy our advertising partners. Business Revenue could also
be impacted by a number of other factors, including:
                                                            
  •    our ability to attract and retain business clients;  
                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to improve the effectiveness and predictability of our   
       advertising and matching algorithms;                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our ability to maintain or increase advertiser demand and            
  •    third-party publisher supply, the quantity, or quality of            
       advertisements shown to users, or our pricing of advertisements;     
                                                                            
                                                                            
     See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of        
  5  Financial Condition and Results of                                     
     Operations” for a discussion of our Business Revenue.                  
                                                                            
24
                                                                            
  •    our ability to continue to increase user access to and engagement    
       with our Apps;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       mobile app changes or inventory management decisions we may make     
  •    that change the size, format, frequency, or relative                 
       prominence of advertisements displayed on our Apps;                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to recruit, train, and retain personnel to support       
       continued growth of our Platform;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                        
  •    our ability to establish and maintain our brand and reputation;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       loss of market share to our competitors, including if competitors    
  •    offer lower priced, more integrated, or otherwise more               
       effective products;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the development and success of technologies designed to block the    
       display of advertisements or block our ad measurement                
  •    tools, which have in the past impacted and may in the future impact  
       our business, or technologies that make it easier for users to opt   
       out of behavioral targeting;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and   
       measurement solutions offered by us or third parties                 
  •    that demonstrate the value of our Software to advertisers,           
       developers and publishers, or our ability to further improve such    
       tools;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal        
  •    developments relating to advertising, including                      
       developments that may impact our ability to deliver, target, or      
       measure the effectiveness of advertising;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       changes that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the    
       effectiveness of advertising, including changes to                   
       policies by mobile operating system and third-party platform         
       providers, and the degree to which users opt out of certain types    
  •    of ad targeting as a result of changes and controls implemented in   
       connection with such policy changes and with the E.U.                
       General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR), ePrivacy Directive,   
       the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA), and the Children’s   
       Online Privacy Protection Act (the COPPA);                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       decisions by business clients to reduce their advertising due to     
       concerns about legal liability or uncertainty regarding              
  •    their own legal and compliance obligations, or due to negative       
       publicity, regardless of its accuracy, involving us, our user data   
       practices, advertising metrics or tools, our Software or Apps, or    
       other companies in our industry; and                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including the impact of the  
       COVID-19                                                             
  •    pandemic and responses thereto, and seasonality, whether in the      
       advertising industry in general, or among specific types of          
       advertisers or within particular geographies.                        
                                                                            
From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our
revenue to varying degrees. The occurrence of any of these or other factors
in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our Software and use
of our Apps, which may reduce the prices we receive for our advertisements
or cause business clients to stop advertising with us altogether, either of
which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. The
failure to attract new business clients, loss of business clients, or
reduction in spending by business clients could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable
to launch or acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them, or continue to
improve the experience and monetization of our existing Apps, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our business depends in part on launching or acquiring, and continuing to
service, mobile apps that users will download and spend time and money
using. We have devoted and we expect to continue to devote substantial
resources to the research, development, analytics, and marketing of our
Apps. Our development and marketing efforts are focused on improving the
experience of our existing 25

Apps, developing new Apps, and successfully monetizing our Apps. Our Apps
generate revenue primarily through the sale of advertising, a substantial
portion of which comes from other mobile gaming clients, and IAPs. For Apps
distributed through third-party platforms, we are required to share a
portion of the proceeds from in-gamesales with the platform providers, which
share may be subject to changes or increases over time. In order to achieve
and maintain our profitability, we need to generate sufficient revenue from
our existing and new Apps to offset our ongoing development, marketing, and
other operating expenses. Successfully monetizing our Apps is difficult and
requires that we deliver user experiences that a sufficient number of users
will pay for through IAPs or we are able to otherwise sufficiently monetize
our Apps, including by serving in-appadvertising. The success of our Apps
depends in part on unpredictable and volatile factors beyond our control
including user preferences, competing apps, new third-party platforms, and
the availability of other entertainment experiences. If our Apps do not meet
user expectations or if they are not brought to market in a timely and
effective manner, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. In addition, our ability to successfully launch or acquire Apps
and their ability to achieve commercial success will depend in part on our
ability to:
                                                               
  •    effectively market our Apps to existing and new users;  
                                                               
                                                                            
  •    achieve a positive return on investment from our marketing and user  
       acquisition costs or achieve organic user growth;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       adapt to changing trends, user preferences, new technologies, and    
       new feature sets for mobile and other devices,                       
  •    including determining whether to invest in development for any new   
       technologies, and achieve a positive return on the costs associated  
       with such adaptation;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       continue to adapt mobile app feature sets for an increasingly        
  •    diverse set of mobile devices, including various operating           
       systems and specifications, limited bandwidth, and varying           
       processing power and screen sizes;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    achieve and maintain successful user engagement and effectively      
       monetize our Apps;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       develop mobile games that can build upon or become franchise games   
  •    and expand and enhance our mobile games after their                  
       initial releases;                                                    
                                                                            
                                              
  •    develop Apps other than mobile games;  
                                              
                                                                      
  •    identify and execute strategic acquisitions and partnerships;  
                                                                      
                                                      
  •    attract advertisers to advertise on our Apps;  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    partner with third-party platforms and obtain featuring              
       opportunities;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    compete successfully against a large and growing number of           
       competitors;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       accurately forecast the timing and expense of our operations,        
  •    including mobile app and feature development, marketing,             
       and user acquisition;                                                
                                                                            
                                                      
  •    minimize and quickly resolve bugs or outages;  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    acquire, or invest in, and successfully integrate high quality       
       mobile app companies or technologies; and                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    retain and motivate talented and experienced developers and other    
       key personnel from such acquisitions and investments.                
                                                                            
26

These and other uncertainties make it difficult to know whether we will
succeed in continuing to develop and launch new Apps. Even if successful,
certain genres of mobile apps, such as casual games, may have a relatively
short lifespan. Further, as our Apps expand into additional genres of mobile
games or additional categories of mobile apps, we will face risks specific
to those genres or categories. For example, in mid-coregames, there is
typically a higher upfront investment prior to the launch of a game compared
to casual games, which means publishing a new game in that genre will expose
us to greater risks as our financial condition and results of operations
will be more significantly adversely affected to the extent such a game does
not become popular and commercially successful. If we are not successful in
launching new mobile games or expanding into other genres of mobile games or
categories of mobile apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to retain existing users
or add new users cost-effectively, or if our users decrease their level of
engagement with Apps, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. The size of our user base and the
level of user engagement with our Apps are critical to our success. Our
results of operations have been and will continue to be significantly
determined by our success in acquiring and engaging App users. We expect
that the number of our App users may fluctuate or decline in one or more
markets from time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved
higher penetration rates. In addition, if people do not perceive our Apps as
useful or entertaining, we may not be able to attract or retain users or
otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their
engagement, which could harm our revenue. A number of mobile apps that
achieved early popularity have since seen their user bases or user
engagement levels decline. There is no guarantee that we will not experience
a similar erosion of our App users or user engagement levels. Our user
engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be
difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different Apps.
Any number of factors can adversely affect user growth and engagement,
including if:
                                                                            
       users increasingly engage with mobile apps offered by competitors    
  •    or mobile apps in categories other than those of our                 
       Apps;                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       we fail to introduce new Apps or features that users find engaging   
  •    or that achieve a high level of market acceptance or                 
       we introduce new Apps, or make changes to existing Apps that are     
       not favorably received;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the    
  •    decisions we make with respect to the frequency,                     
       prominence, format, size, and quality of advertisements that we      
       display;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing   
  •    our Apps as a result of actions by us or third                       
       parties;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    we are unable to continue to develop Apps that work with a variety   
       of mobile operating systems and networks; and                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       questions about the quality of our Apps, our data practices or       
  •    concerns related to privacy and sharing of personal                  
       information and other user data, safety, security, or other          
       factors.                                                             
                                                                            
Additionally, we expect it will become increasingly difficult and more
expensive for us to acquire users for our Apps for a variety of reasons,
including the increasingly competitive nature of the mobile app ecosystem
and the significant amount of time and attention users are dedicating to
competing entertainment options. Further, we believe that changes that Apple
has implemented during the last several years to its platform, particularly
the removal of the Top Grossing rankings and decreasing the prominence of
the Top Free rankings, may adversely affect the number of organic downloads
of our 27

Apps. If our competitors increase their user acquisition spending, we could
experience higher costs per an install for our Apps, which would adversely
affect our revenue and margins. Furthermore, our spending on user
acquisition is based on certain assumptions about their projected behavior,
particularly for new Apps for which we do not have similar Apps in our
portfolio to aid us in our modeling efforts. If we are unable to grow our
user base and increase our user engagement levels, or unable to do so cost
effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected. We have experienced significant growth through
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, and we face risks related to the
integration of such acquisitions and the management of such growth. As part
of our growth strategy, we have frequently acquired companies, businesses,
personnel, and technologies in the past, and we intend to continue to
evaluate and pursue strategic acquisitions and partnerships. For example,
since 2018, we have invested over $1 billion across 15 strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, including for the acquisition of PeopleFun in
the first quarter of 2018, MAX in the third quarter of 2018, SafeDK in July
2019, and Machine Zone, Inc. (Machine Zone) in May 2020. In addition, in
February 2021, we entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire Adjust,
which we amended and restated in March 2021. Each of these acquisitions
requires unique approaches to integration due to, among other reasons, the
structure of the acquisitions, the size, locations, and cultural differences
among their teams and ours, and has required, and will continue to require,
attention from our management team. As we continue to grow, the size of our
acquisitions and investments may increase. For instance, our acquisition of
Machine Zone was our largest acquisition to date, and we expect our
acquisition of Adjust to have a greater total purchase consideration. In
addition to the larger purchase prices associated with such acquisitions and
investments, larger acquisitions and investments may also require additional
management resources to integrate more significant and often more complex
businesses into our company. We will continue to explore and evaluate
additional acquisitions, some of which may be the same size or even larger
in scale and investment than the Machine Zone acquisition and our pending
acquisition of Adjust. Our future success depends in part on our ability to
integrate these acquisitions and manage these businesses, partnerships, and
transactions effectively. If we are unable to obtain the anticipated
benefits or synergies of such acquisitions, or we encounter difficulties
integrating acquired businesses with ours, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Challenges
and risks from such strategic acquisitions and partnerships include:
                                                                            
       diversion of our management’s attention in the acquisition and       
  •    integration process, including oversight over                        
       acquired businesses which continue their operations under            
       contingent consideration provisions in acquisition agreements;       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       declining employee morale and retention issues resulting from        
  •    changes in compensation, or changes in management,                   
       reporting relationships, or future performance;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the need to integrate the operations, systems, technologies,         
       products, and personnel of each acquired company, the                
  •    inefficiencies and lack of control that may result if such           
       integration is delayed or not implemented, and unforeseen            
       difficulties and expenditures that may arise in connection with      
       integration;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the need to implement internal controls, procedures, and policies    
       appropriate for a larger, U.S.-based public company at               
       companies that prior to acquisition may not have as robust           
  •    controls, procedures, and policies, in particular, with respect to   
       the effectiveness of internal controls, cyber and information        
       security practices and incident response plans, compliance           
       with privacy and other regulations protecting the rights of clients  
       and users, and compliance                                            
                                                                            
28
                                                    
  with U.S.-based economic policies and sanctions   
  which may not have previously been applicable to  
  the acquired company’s operations;                
                                                    
                                                                            
       the difficulty in accurately forecasting and accounting for the      
       financial impact of an acquisition transaction,                      
  •    including accounting charges, write-offs of deferred revenue under   
       purchase accounting, and integrating and reporting results for       
       acquired companies that have not historically followed GAAP;         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the implementation of restructuring actions and cost reduction       
  •    initiatives to streamline operations and improve cost                
       efficiencies;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the fact that we may be required to pay contingent consideration in  
  •    excess of the initial fair value, and contingent                     
       consideration may become payable at a time when we do not have       
       sufficient cash available to pay such consideration;                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate           
       operations across different cultures and languages and to            
  •    address the particular economic, currency, political, and            
       regulatory risks associated with specific countries as well as tax   
       risks that may arise from the acquisition;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       increasing legal, regulatory, and compliance exposure, and the       
       additional costs related to mitigate each of those, as a             
  •    result of adding new offices, employees and other service            
       providers, benefit plans, equity, job types, and lines of business   
       globally; and                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       liability for activities of the acquired company before the          
       acquisition, including intellectual property, commercial,            
  •    and other litigation claims or disputes, cyber and information       
       security vulnerabilities, violations of laws, rules and              
       regulations, including with respect to employee classification, tax  
       liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.                
                                                                            
If we are unable to successfully integrate and manage our acquisitions and
strategic partnerships, we may not realize the expected benefits of such
transactions or become exposed to additional liabilities, and our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. We face a number of risks related to these
transactions. We plan to continue to expand and diversify our operations
with additional strategic acquisitions or partnerships, strategic
collaborations, joint ventures, or licensing arrangements. As we continue to
grow, these transactions may be larger and require significant investments,
such as our acquisition of Machine Zone and our pending acquisition of
Adjust. We may be unable to identify or complete prospective acquisitions or
partnerships for many reasons, including our ability to identify suitable
targets, increasing competition from other potential acquirers, the effects
of consolidation in our industries, potentially high valuations of
acquisition candidates, and the availability of financing to complete larger
acquisitions. Even if we do complete any such transactions, we may incur
significant costs, such as professional service fees. In addition,
applicable antitrust laws and other regulations may limit our ability to
acquire targets, particularly larger targets, or force us to divest an
acquired business. If we are unable to identify suitable targets or complete
acquisitions, our growth prospects could be adversely affected, and we may
not be able to realize sufficient scale and technological advantages to
compete effectively in all markets. Further, completing larger acquisitions
or other strategic transactions is significantly riskier in that such
transactions require additional consideration and management attention to
complete, and could introduce additional exposure to regulatory and
compliance risk. To complete these transactions, we may need to spend large
amounts of cash, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at
all, or issue equity or equity-linked consideration, which may dilute our
current stockholders. For example, in connection with our pending
acquisition of Adjust, we expect to issue a number of shares of our Class A
common stock determined by dividing $352.0 million by the 15-day volume-
weighted 29

average trading price per share of our Class A common stock ending on the
thirtieth trading day following the date of this prospectus. See the section
titled “Description of Capital
Stock—Adjust Stock” for additional information. Further, we generally devote
more time and resources towards performing diligence on larger transactions
and may be required to devote more resources towards regulatory requirements
in
connection with such transactions. To the extent that we do not perform
sufficient diligence on a larger acquisition or such a transaction does not
generate the expected benefits, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations will be
harmed, and to a greater extent than would occur with a smaller transaction.

Absent such strategic transactions, we would need
to undertake additional development or commercialization activities at our
own expense. If we elect to fund and undertake such additional efforts on
our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital,
which may not be
available to our company on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to
do any of the foregoing, we may not be able to develop our Core
Technologies, Software, and Apps effectively or achieve our expected product
roadmap on a timely basis,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

The benefits of a strategic acquisition
or partnership may also take considerable time to develop, and we cannot be
certain that any particular strategic acquisition or partnership will
produce the intended benefits. Further, acquisitions could result in
potential dilutive issuances of
equity securities, use of significant cash balances or incurrence of debt
(and increased interest expense), contingent liabilities or amortization
expenses related to intangible assets, or write-offs of goodwill and
intangible assets. If we are
unable to identify and complete strategic acquisitions or partnerships, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

Our strategic acquisitions and partnerships may expose us to tax risks.

From time to time, we have acquired and may acquire companies, assets,
businesses, and technologies and we have entered into and may
enter into other strategic partnerships and transactions. We face a variety
of tax risks related to such transactions, including that we may be required
to make tax withholdings in various jurisdictions in connection with such
transactions or as
part of our continuing operations following a transaction, and that the
companies or businesses we acquire may cause us to alter our international
tax structure or otherwise create more complexity with respect to tax
matters. Additionally, while we
typically include indemnification provisions in our definitive agreements
related to strategic acquisitions and partnerships, these indemnification
provisions may be insufficient in the event that tax liabilities are greater
than expected or in
areas that are not fully covered by indemnification. If we are unable to
adequately predict and address such tax issues as they arise, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We have entered into strategic partnerships with mobile gaming studios, and
a failure to maintain such relationships may harm our ability to launch new
Apps as well as our brand and reputation.

From time to time, we have entered into strategic partnerships with
mobile gaming studios (our Partner Studios). We have historically allowed
these Partner Studios to continue their operations with a degree of
autonomy. In certain of these transactions, we have bought games from such
Partner Studios and entered into
development agreements whereby such Partner Studios provide us support in
developing and improving games and grant us a right of first refusal with
respect to future games. These agreements typically have a fixed term, after
which our Partner
Studios may choose not to continue working with us. Any deterioration in our
relationship with these Partner Studios may harm our ability to monetize the
games we purchase and launch future mobile games developed by these

30

Partner Studios and may lead to such Partner Studios choosing not to renew
their partnerships with us. Further, if a Partner Studio becomes
dissatisfied with us, our brand and reputation may be
harmed and we may have more difficulty entering into similar partnerships in
the future. Additionally, our international Partner Studios may be located
in areas with less certain legal and regulatory regimes or more potential
risks, which may
increase our costs to maintain such strategic partnership. If we are unable
to maintain any of these partnerships, we may be required to invest
significant resources in expanding our other studios or entering into
agreements with additional mobile
gaming studios in order to continue producing the same volume and quality of
Apps, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected.

We rely on third-party platforms to distribute our Apps and collect revenue,
and if our ability to do so is harmed, or such third-party platforms change
their policies in such a way that restricts our business, increases our
expenses, or limits the information we derive from our Apps, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The mobile app ecosystem depends in part on a relatively small number of
third-party distribution platforms, such as the Apple App Store,
the Google Play Store, and Facebook, some of which are direct competitors.
We derive significant revenue from the distribution of our Apps through
these third-party platforms and almost all of our IAPs are made through the
payment processing systems
of these third-party platforms. We are subject to the standard policies and
terms of service of such third-party platforms, which generally govern the
promotion, distribution, content, and operation of applications on such
platforms. Each platform
provider has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service
and other policies with respect to us and other mobile app companies, and
those changes may be unfavorable to us. A platform provider may also change
its fee structure, add
fees associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how mobile
apps are labeled or are able to advertise on its platform, change how the
personal information of its users is made available to developers on its
platform, limit the use of
personal information for advertising purposes, restrict how users can share
information on its platform or across platforms, or significantly increase
the level of compliance or requirements necessary to use its platform. For
example, in June 2020,
Apple announced a plan to overhaul IDFA, which anonymously profiles users
for targeted advertising, as part of a new proposed application tracking
transparency framework that, among other things, would require opt-in
consent for certain types of
tracking. The extent of such potential IDFA and transparency changes, and
their timing, remains uncertain. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with
data that helps our Software better market and monetize Apps. The proposed
IDFA and transparency
changes may require us to engage in significant changes to our data
collection practices, which may require our expenditure of substantial costs
and resources, and to the extent we are unable to utilize IDFA or a similar
offering, or if the
transparency changes and any related opt-in or other requirements result in
decreases in the availability or utility of data relating to Apps, our
Software may not be as effective, we may not be able to continue to
efficiently generate revenue for
our Apps, and our revenue and results of operations may be harmed.
Additionally, Apple implemented new requirements for consumer disclosures
regarding privacy and data processing practices in December 2020, which has
resulted in increased compliance
requirements and could result in decreased usage of our Apps. Apple has also
announced a new application tracking transparency framework that would
require opt-in consent for certain types of tracking. This proposed
transparency framework, which is
anticipated to be implemented in spring of 2021, could have an impact on the
effectiveness of our advertising practices and/or our ability to efficiently
generate revenue for our Apps. Any similar changes to the policies of Apple
or Google may
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

If we violate, or a distribution
platform provider believes we have violated, a distribution platform’s terms
of service, or if there is any change or deterioration in our relationship
with such distribution provider, that platform provider could limit or
discontinue our
access to its platform. For example, in August 2020, Apple and Google
removed a mobile game developed by one of our competitors from

31

their platforms for violating their standard policies and terms of service.
If one of our distribution platform partners were to limit or discontinue
the distribution of our Apps on their
platform, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We also rely on the continued
popularity, user adoption, and functionality of third-party platforms. In
the past, some of these platform providers have been unavailable for short
periods of time or experienced issues with their in-app purchasing
functionality. In addition,
third-party platforms also impose certain file size limitations, which may
limit the ability of users to download some of our larger Apps in over-the-
air updates. Aside from these over-the-air file size limitations, a larger
game file size could
cause users to delete our mobile games once the file size grows beyond the
capacity of their devices’ storage limitations or could reduce the number of
downloads of these mobile games.

If issues arise with third-party platforms that impact the visibility or
availability of our Apps, our users’ ability to access our
Apps or our ability to monetize our Apps, or otherwise impact the design or
effectiveness of our Software, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our revenue has been concentrated in various ways and the loss of, or a
significant reduction in, any such revenue source, or our failure to
successfully expand and diversify our revenue sources could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We have historically experienced revenue concentration with respect to
certain Apps as well as other facets of our business. Our future
success depends, in part, on launching or acquiring and successfully
monetizing additional Apps and on establishing and maintaining successful
relationships with a diverse set of business clients. While our Apps consist
of over 200 mobile games,
currently a limited number of those are responsible for a significant
portion of our revenue. In 2020, two games, Matchington Mansion and
Wordscapes, collectively represented approximately 31% of our revenue. The
loss or failure to successfully
monetize one of these Apps could have a significant impact on our results of
operation. Similarly, our future success depends, in part, on the ability of
our Owned Studios and Partner Studios to launch and monetize additional
mobile games and other
mobile apps, as well as, on our ability to successfully acquire and monetize
additional mobile games and other mobile apps, and these Apps may not
successfully diversify our revenue concentration. If we are unable to
successfully launch or acquire
new Apps, our reliance on a limited number of Apps may increase.
Additionally, certain genres of games typically rely on only a small portion
of their total users for a significant amount of their revenue, and as we
expand our number of Apps in
these genres, such as mid-core, we may experience these effects and need to
attract, engage, and increase the spending levels of these particular users
to achieve success.

More generally, we face concentration risk in that our Software and Apps
operate in the mobile app ecosystem and specifically mobile
gaming. As such, our business depends, in part, on the continued health and
growth of these app ecosystems. Further, a significant amount of our total
revenue is derived through a limited number of third-party distribution
platforms, such as the
Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, and Facebook. Because Facebook and
Google are also significant partners of Adjust, following the closing of
that acquisition, a deterioration in our or Adjust’s relationship with such
companies would have
a greater impact on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. If any of these concentrated portions of our revenue are harmed
or are lost, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

32

We have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be indicative of our
future growth. We may be unable to effectively manage the growth of our
business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. We have experienced rapid growth in the scale,
scope, and complexity of our business. For example, while we only launched
our Apps in 2018, today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified
portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games across five genres, run by
twelve studios. Our growth in any prior period should not be relied upon as
an indication of our future performance, as we may not be able to sustain
our growth rate in the future. Even if our revenue continues to increase, we
expect that our revenue growth rate may decline in the future as a result of
a variety of factors, including because of more difficult comparisons to
prior periods and the saturation of the market. The overall growth of our
revenue depends in part on our ability to execute on our growth strategies.
Additionally, the growth and expansion of our business has placed and
continues to place a significant strain on our management, operations,
financial infrastructure, and corporate culture. Our future success depends
in part on our ability to manage this expanded business and to continue to
grow both our Software and Apps. If not managed effectively, this growth
could result in the over-extensionof our management systems and information
technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may not be
adequate to support this growth. Failure to adequately manage our growth in
any of these ways may cause damage to our brand and reputation and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our
future growth may involve expansion into new business opportunities, and any
efforts to do so that are unsuccessful or are not cost-effective could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. In the past, we have grown by expanding our offerings into new
business opportunities and we expect to continue to do so. We have dedicated
resources to expanding into adjacent business opportunities in which large
competitors have an established presence, as was the case with our Apps.
Additionally, our future growth may include expansion into additional genres
of mobile games or into other mobile app sectors, which may require
significant investment in order to launch and which may not be prove
successful. Our future growth depends in part on our ability to correctly
identify areas of investment and to cost-effectively execute on our plans.
We have in the past and may in the future expend significant resources in
connection with strategic acquisitions and partnerships to expand into new
business opportunities. Even if successful, the growth of any new business
opportunity could create significant challenges for our management and
operational resources and could require considerable investment. The
deployment of significant resources towards a new opportunity that proves
unsuccessful, or our inability to choose the correct investment
opportunities for our future, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Our international operations are
subject to increased challenges and risks. We expect to continue to expand
our international operations in the future by opening new offices, entering
into strategic partnerships with new international game studios, acquiring
companies that may have international operations, and providing our Apps in
additional countries and languages. For example, our Owned Studios and
Partner Studios are located throughout the world, including in areas with
less certain legal and regulatory regimes or more potential risks, such as
China and Vietnam. Expanding our international operations may subject us to
risks associated with:
                                                                            
  •    recruiting and retaining talented and capable management and         
       employees in foreign countries;                                      
                                                                            
                                                      
  •    the diversion of senior management attention;  
                                                      
33
                                                                           
  •    challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       developing and customizing Software and Apps that appeal to the      
  •    tastes and preferences of users in international                     
       markets;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the inability to offer certain Software or Apps in certain foreign   
       countries;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       competition from local mobile app developers with intellectual       
  •    property rights and significant market share in those                
       markets and with a better understanding of user preferences;         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    utilizing, protecting, defending, and enforcing our intellectual     
       property rights;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       negotiating agreements with local distribution platforms that are    
  •    sufficiently economically beneficial to us and                       
       protective of our rights;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the inability to extend proprietary rights in our brand, content,    
       or technology into new jurisdictions;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       implementing alternative payment methods for features and virtual    
  •    goods in a manner that complies with local laws and                  
       practices and protects us from fraud;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, including   
       anti-bribery laws, privacy laws, and laws relating to                
  •    content and consumer protection (for example, the United Kingdom’s   
       Office of Fair Trading’s 2014 principles relating to IAPs in         
       free-to-play games that are                                          
       directed toward children 16 and under);                              
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;  
                                                        
                                             
  •    currency exchange rate fluctuations;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    protectionist laws and business practices that favor local           
       businesses in certain countries;                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       double taxation of our international earnings and potentially        
  •    adverse tax consequences due to changes in the tax laws in           
       the United States or the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;  
                                                                            
                                                     
  •    political, economic, and social instability;  
                                                     
                                                                            
       public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which can       
  •    result in varying                                                    
       impacts to our employees, clients, users, advertisers, app           
       developers, and business partners internationally;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    higher costs associated with doing business internationally,         
       including costs related to local advisors;                           
                                                                            
                                          
  •    export or import regulations; and  
                                          
                                       
  •    trade and tariff restrictions.  
                                       
Our ability to successfully gain market acceptance in any particular
international market is uncertain and, in the past, we have experienced
difficulties and have not been successful in all the countries we have
entered. If we are unable to continue to expand internationally or manage
the complexity of our global operations successfully, our business,
financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
Our business depends in part on our ability to increase in-apppurchases,
manage the economies in our Apps and respond to changes with respect to in-
apppurchases, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Our business and future
growth depend in part on our ability to increase the amount of IAPs in our
Apps, which requires our studios to effectively design mobile games and
other apps that create features and virtual goods for which users will pay.
Users make IAPs because of the perceived in-app 34

value of virtual goods, which is dependent on the relative ease of obtaining
an equivalent good by playing our mobile games. The perceived in-app value
of these virtual goods can be impacted by
various actions that we take in the mobile games including offering
discounts for virtual goods, giving away virtual goods in promotions, or
providing easier non-paid means to secure these goods. Managing
virtual economies is difficult and relies on our assumptions and judgement.
Further, changes in user preferences, including with respect to how they
interact with mobile apps and general views towards IAPs, could decrease
levels of spending on
IAPs on our Apps and in the mobile app ecosystem generally. If we fail to
manage our virtual economies properly or fail to promptly and successfully
respond to any disruption in such economies, our reputation may be harmed
and our users may be less
likely to play our mobile games and to purchase virtual goods from us in the
future, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

In addition, changes in the policies of Apple, Google, or other third-party
platforms, or changes in accounting policies promulgated by
the SEC, and national accounting standards bodies affecting software and
virtual goods revenue recognition, could further significantly affect the
way we report revenue related to IAPs, which could adversely affect our
results of operations. Any
changes in user, third-party platform, or regulator views towards IAPs, or
any inability by us to respond to changing trends with respect to IAPs,
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are highly dependent on our co-founderand chief executive officer, as
well as our senior management team, and our business and growth may be
adversely affected if we fail to attract, retain, and motivate key
personnel.

Our
future success depends in significant part on the continued service of our
key management and engineering personnel, including our co-founder, CEO, and
Chairperson, Adam Foroughi. Our ability to compete and
grow depends in part on the efforts and talents of these employees and
executives, who are important to our vision, strategic direction, culture,
products, and technology. We do not have employment agreements, other than
offer letters, with
Mr. Foroughi or other members of our senior management team, and we do not
maintain key-man insurance for members of our senior management team. The
loss of Mr. Foroughi or any other member of our
senior management team could cause disruption and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, or results of operations.

In
addition, our ability to execute our strategy depends in part on our
continued ability and the continued ability of our Partner Studios to
identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled employees,
particularly in the competitive fields
of game development, product management, engineering, and data science. We
believe that our corporate culture has been an important factor in our
ability to hire and retain key employees, and if we are unable to maintain
our corporate culture as we
grow, we may be unable to foster the innovation, creativity, and teamwork we
believe we need to support our growth. While we believe we compete
favorably, competition for highly skilled employees is intense, particularly
in the San Francisco Bay
Area, where our headquarters is located. Interviewing, hiring, and
integrating new employees has been and will continue to be particularly
challenging during the COVID-19 pandemic. As part of our global remote
working plans, throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, we will
devote increased efforts to maintaining our collaborative culture, including
through the use of videoconferencing and other online
communication and sharing tools, and to monitoring the health, safety,
morale, and productivity of our employees, including new employees, as we
evaluate the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business
and employees. If we are unable to identify, hire, and retain highly skilled
employees, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

We have historically hired a number of key personnel and added additional
team members working on our Apps through strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, and as competition within the mobile app

35

ecosystem for attractive target companies with a skilled employee base
persists and increases, we may incur significant expenses and difficulty in
continuing this practice. The loss of talented
employees with experience in the assets we acquire could result in
significant disruptions to our business and the integration of acquired
assets and businesses. If we do not succeed in recruiting, retaining, and
motivating these key employees, we
may not achieve the anticipated results of acquisitions.

Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user
data, other hacking and phishing attacks on our systems, or other cyber
incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

The mobile app ecosystem is prone to cyberattacks by third parties seeking
unauthorized access to our data or the data of our clients or
users or to disrupt our ability to provide service. Our Platform and Apps
involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a large
amount of data, including personal information. We also store and implement
measures designed to
secure the source code for our Platform and Apps as they are created. Any
failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or
disclosure of our data, including source code, or user data, including
personal information,
content, or payment information from users, or information from business
clients, could result in the unauthorized loss, modification, disclosure,
destruction, or other misuse of such data, which could adversely affect our
business and reputation,
damage our operations, result in litigation or regulatory enforcement
action, and diminish our competitive position. In particular, a breach,
whether physical, electronic, or otherwise, of the systems on which such
source code and other sensitive
data are stored could lead to damage or piracy of our offerings, lost or
reduced ability to protect our intellectual property, and diminished
competitive position.

Computer malware, viruses, social engineering (predominantly spear phishing
attacks or credential stuffing), and general hacking have
become more prevalent in the mobile app ecosystem. These have occurred on
our systems and otherwise in our business in the past, and we expect will
continue to occur in the future. We regularly encounter attempts to create
false or undesirable user
accounts or take other actions for purposes such as spamming or other
objectionable ends. Such breaches and attacks may cause interruptions to the
services we provide, degrade the user experience, cause clients or users to
lose confidence and trust
in our Platform or Apps, impair our internal systems and other systems and
networks used in our business, or adversely affect our financial condition.
Our efforts to protect our data, user data, and information from clients and
partners, and to
disable undesirable activities on our Platform or Apps, may also be
unsuccessful due to software bugs or other technical malfunctions; employee,
contractor, vendor, or partner error or malfeasance, including defects or
vulnerabilities in information
technology systems or offerings; breaches of physical security of our
facilities or technical infrastructure; or other threats that evolve.

In addition, some developers or other business partners, such as those that
help us measure the effectiveness of advertisements, may
receive or store information provided by us or by our users through mobile
or web apps. We provide limited information to such third parties based on
the scope of services provided to us. These third parties may misappropriate
our information and
engage in unauthorized use of it. If these third parties fail to adopt or
adhere to adequate data security practices, or experience a breach of their
networks, our data or our users’ data may be improperly accessed, used, or
disclosed. In such
an event, we may have increased costs arising from the restoration or
implementation of additional security measures which could adversely affect
our business and results of operations. Any theft or unauthorized use or
publication of our trade
secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an
event could also adversely affect our business, competitive position, and
results of operations.

Cyberattacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently
may be difficult to detect for long periods of time.
Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed

36

to protect our data, user data, and information from our partners; to
prevent data loss, disable undesirable accounts and activities on our
Platform or Apps; and to prevent and detect security
breaches; we cannot assure you that such measures will provide comprehensive
security, that we will be able to identify breaches or to react to them in a
timely manner or that our remediation efforts will be successful. We
experience cyberattacks
and other security incidents of varying degrees from time to time, and we
may incur significant costs in investigating, protecting against,
litigating, or remediating such incidents. We may face increased risks of
cyberattacks and other security
incidents during the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of more employees working
remotely, our use of third-party systems designed to enable the transition
to a remote workforce introducing security risks and
increased cyberattacks, such as phishing attacks by threat actors using the
attention placed on the COVID-19 pandemic as a method for targeting
personnel.

In addition to our efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks, we are making
significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and
content review efforts to combat misuse of our services and user data by
third parties. As a result of these efforts, we anticipate that we will
discover incidents of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by
third parties. We may not
discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data
limitations, the scale of activity on our Platform, challenges related to
our personnel working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic,
the re-allocation of resources to other projects, or other factors, and we
may be notified of such incidents or activity by users, the media, or other
third parties. Such incidents and activities have in the
past, and may in the future, include the use of user data or our systems in
a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence
of false or undesirable user accounts, improper advertising practices,
activities that threaten
people’s safety on- or offline or instances of spamming, scraping, data
harvesting, or unsecured datasets. We may also be unsuccessful in our
efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise remediate any
such incidents. Any of the foregoing developments could adversely affect
user trust and engagement, harm our brand and reputation, require us to
change our business practices, and adversely affect our business and results
of operations.

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and
abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, a
number of which also provide a private right of action. Affected users or
government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory actions against us
in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches or improper
access to or disclosure
of data, which has occurred in the past and which could cause us to incur
significant expense and liability, distract management and technical
personnel, and result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our
business practices. Such
incidents or our efforts to remediate such incidents may also result in a
decline in our active user base or engagement levels. Any of these events
could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, or
results of operations.

We anticipate increasing our operating expenses in the future, and we may
not be able to achieve or maintain our profitability in any given period. If
we cannot achieve or maintain our profitability, our business could be
adversely affected.

Although our cash flow
from operations was positive in 2018, 2019, and 2020, we incurred a net loss
of $125.9 million in 2020 and we may not always achieve sufficient revenue
or manage our expenses in order to achieve positive cash flow from
operations or profitability in
any given period. Our operating expenses may continue to rise as we
implement additional initiatives designed to increase revenue, potentially
including: developing our Platform and technology stack, expanding our
Software, launching Apps, strategic
acquisitions and partnerships, business client and user acquisition
spending, international expansion, hiring additional employees, and taking
other steps to strengthen and grow our company. We are likely to recognize
costs associated with these
investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on
these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect.
We also anticipate that the costs of acquiring new business clients and
mobile app

37

users, and otherwise marketing our Software and Apps, will continue to rise.
Further, we may continue to incur significant costs in connection with
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, which
costs may increase or become more concentrated to the extent we enter into
larger transactions. If we are not able to maintain positive cash flow in
the long term, we may require additional financing, which may not be
available on favorable terms or
at all, and which may be dilutive to our stockholders. If we are unable to
generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may incur
significant losses in the future and may not be able to maintain positive
cash flow from operations or
profitability.

Our Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems, rely on software and
hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities
in these systems, or failures to address or mitigate technical limitations
in our systems, could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

Our Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems, rely on software and
hardware that is highly technical and complex. In addition,
our Platform and Apps, as well as our internal systems, depend in part on
the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process, and
manage immense amounts of data. The software and hardware on which we rely
has contained, and will
in the future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities and our systems are
subject to certain technical limitations that may compromise our ability to
meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities inherently may be
difficult to detect
and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or
internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical
limitations within the software and hardware on which we rely have in the
past led to, and may in
the future lead to, outcomes including a negative experience for clients and
users who use our offerings, compromised ability of our offerings to perform
in a manner consistent with our terms, contracts, or policies, delayed
product or App launches
or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised
ability to protect the data of our users and/or our intellectual property,
or reductions in our ability to provide some or all of our services. To the
extent such errors, bugs,
vulnerabilities, or defects impact our Software or the accuracy of data in
any such Software, our clients may become dissatisfied with our offerings,
our brand and reputation may be harmed, and we may make operational
decisions, such as with respect
to our Apps using such Software or any future strategic acquisition, that
are based on inaccurate data. Any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects
in our systems or the software and hardware on which we rely, failures to
properly address or
mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or associated
degradations or interruptions of service or failures to fulfill our
commitments to our clients may lead to outcomes including damage to our
reputation, increased product engineering
expenses, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines, damages,
or other remedies, any of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business depends in part on our ability to maintain and scale our
technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption to our Platform or
Apps could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of engagement,
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Our reputation and ability to attract and retain our business clients and
users depends in part on the reliable performance of our
Platform and Apps. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future
experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our
offerings from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or
may not operate with the
reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages
that could be harmful to our business. If our offerings are unavailable when
users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected,
users may not use
our offerings as often in the future, or at all, which could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. As we continue to grow, we
will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including
network capacity and computing
power, to continue to satisfy our needs and the needs of our business
clients and users. It is possible that we may fail to continue to

38

effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these
increased demands, which may adversely affect our user engagement and
revenue growth. Additionally, we rely in part on
third-party data centers and cloud hosting infrastructure. Our business may
be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from natural
disasters and other events outside of our control that impact us or these
third-party providers. If
such an event were to occur, users may be subject to service disruptions or
outages and we may not be able to recover our technical infrastructure and
user data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services. If we fail
to efficiently scale
and manage our infrastructure, or if events disrupt our infrastructure or
those of our third-party providers, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected.

The COVID-19pandemic and responses thereto across the globe have altered how
individuals interact with each other and affected how we and our business
partners are operating, and the extent to which this situation will impact
our future results of operations remains uncertain.

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and resulting social distancing and
shelter-in-place orders put in place around the world have caused widespread
disruption in global economies, productivity, and financial markets and have
altered the way
in which we conduct our day-to-day business.

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses thereto
impact our business, operations, and results of operations will depend on
numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to
accurately predict, including: the duration and scope of the pandemic,
including any potential future waves of the pandemic; governmental,
business, and individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in
response to the pandemic; the
effect on our clients; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ ability
to work and travel; the availability and cost to access the capital markets;
and interruptions related to our cloud networking and mobile app
infrastructure and that
impact our business partners, platform providers, clients, and customer
service and support providers. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have
temporarily closed our offices around the world, including
our corporate headquarters in Palo Alto, California, and implemented travel
restrictions. While substantially all of our business operations can be
performed remotely, many of our employees are juggling additional work-
related and personal
challenges. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the
COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business
operations, including as may be required by federal, state,
local, or foreign authorities or that we determine are in the best interests
of our employees, users, business partners, and stockholders.

In addition to the potential direct impacts to our business, the global
economy has been, and is likely to continue to be, significantly
weakened as a result of the actions taken in response to the COVID-19
pandemic, and future government intervention remains uncertain. A weakened
global economy may negatively impact our business partners as
well as our users’ in-app purchasing decisions and users’ buying decisions
across the globe generally, which could adversely affect advertiser
activity. We may experience heightened levels of
variability in the pricing of advertising both in terms of user acquisition
and as it relates to our Software and Apps. If these conditions result in
significant decreased pricing of advertising, the revenue we make from our
Software and advertisers
paying to display advertisements in our Apps could be adversely affected,
particularly if the levels of user engagement in our Apps are not sufficient
to offset these declines, and we may experience increased pressure on our
overall margins. If we
are not able to respond to and manage the direct and indirect impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our business, then our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our company culture has contributed to our success and if we cannot maintain
this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.

We believe that our company culture has been critical to our success and
will be important for our continued growth. We face
a number of challenges that may affect our ability to sustain our corporate

39

culture, including: failure to identify, attract, reward, and retain people
in leadership positions in our organization who share and further our
culture and values; the increasing size and
geographic diversity of our workforce; competitive pressures to move in
directions that may divert us from our culture and values; the continued
challenges of a rapidly-evolving industry; the increasing need to develop
expertise in new areas of
business that affect us; a negative perception of our treatment of employees
or our response to employee sentiment related to political or social causes
or actions of management; and the integration of new personnel and
businesses from acquisitions.
If we are not able to maintain our culture, we could lose the innovation,
passion, and dedication of our team and as a result, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

If we do not successfully or cost-effectively invest in, establish, and
maintain awareness of the AppLovin brand, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected.

We believe that establishing and maintaining the AppLovin
brand is critical to maintaining and creating favorable relationships with,
and our ability to attract, new business clients, particularly Enterprise
Clients, and key personnel. Increasing awareness of the AppLovin brand will
depend largely upon our
marketing efforts and our ability to successfully differentiate our Software
from the offerings of our competitors. In addition, successfully globalizing
and extending our brand requires significant investment and extensive
management time. If we
fail to maintain and increase brand awareness and recognition of our
Software, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could
be adversely affected.

We generally do not have long-term agreements with our business clients.

Our business clients are not required to enter into long-term agreements
with us and may choose to stop using our Software at any time.
For example, our advertising agreements can be executed in as little as one
day and can be terminated for convenience on two days’ notice. In order to
continue to grow our Software, we must consistently provide offerings that
clients see as
valuable and choose to use. If we fail to maintain our relationships with
our clients, or if the terms of these relationships become less favorable to
us, our results of operations would be harmed. Additionally, as certain of
our Enterprise Clients
are also our competitors, these clients may choose to invest in their own
offerings rather than continue to use our Software. Any failure to maintain
our relationships with business clients could adversely affect our business,
financial condition,
and results of operations.

If our Apps do not meet user expectations, or contain objectionable content,
our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Expectations regarding the quality, performance, and
integrity of our Apps are high. We must continually adapt to changing user
preferences including the popularity of various game categories, style of
play, and IAP options. Users may be critical of our Apps, business models,
or business practices for
a wide variety of reasons, including perceptions about gameplay, fairness,
game content, features, or services. Independent industry analysts may
publish reviews of our Apps from time to time, as well as those of our
competitors, and perception of
our Apps in the marketplace may be significantly influenced by these
reviews. We have no control over what users or these industry analysts
report. If users and industry analysts negatively respond to our Apps or
changes that we make to our Apps, or
provide negative reviews of our Apps, our reputation, business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Further, despite reasonable precautions, some users may be offended by
certain mobile app content, advertisements displayed in our Apps
or by the treatment of other users. For example, if users believe that an
advertisement displayed in an App contains objectionable content, we could
experience

40

damage to our brand and reputation and users could refuse to play such game
and pressure platform providers to remove the App from their platforms.
While such content may violate our terms and we
may subsequently remove it, our brand and reputation may nonetheless be
harmed and our clients may become dissatisfied with our services.
Furthermore, steps that we may take in response to such instances, such as
temporarily or permanently shutting
off access of a user to our Apps, could adversely affect our business and
results of operations. Any failure to meet user expectations or provide our
Apps without objectionable content could adversely affect our reputation,
business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

The proliferation of “cheating” programs and scam offers that seek to
exploit our mobile games and users may adversely affect game-playing
experiences and lead users to stop playing our mobile games. Our failure to
maintain a customer support ecosystem may enhance these risks.

Our users rely on our customer support organization to resolve any issues
relating to our mobile games. Customer support is important for
satisfying user expectations regarding the quality, performance, and
integrity of our mobile games. We currently have limited customer support
operations, which we recently acquired through Machine Zone. If we do not
effectively train, supplement,
and manage our customer support organization to assist our users, and if
that support organization does not succeed in helping users quickly resolve
issues or provide effective ongoing support, we could experience decreased
user engagement and harm
to our reputation with potential new users.

Additionally, unrelated third parties have developed, and may continue to
develop,
“cheating” programs that enable users to exploit vulnerabilities in our
mobile games, play them in an automated way, collude to alter the intended
game play, or obtain unfair advantages over other users who do play fairly.
These programs
harm the experience of users who play fairly and may disrupt the virtual
economies of our mobile games and reduce the demand for certain IAPs. In
addition, unrelated third parties have attempted to scam our users with fake
offers for virtual goods
or other game benefits. These unauthorized or fraudulent transactions are
usually arranged on third-party websites and the virtual goods offered may
have been obtained through unauthorized means, such as exploiting
vulnerabilities in our mobile
games, or may be fraudulent offers. We do not generate any revenue from
these transactions. These unauthorized purchases and sales from third-party
sellers have in the past and could in the future impede our revenue and
profit growth.

There can be no assurance that our customer support and other efforts to
detect, prevent, or minimize these unauthorized or fraudulent
transactions will be successful, that these actions will not increase over
time or that our customer support efforts will be successful in resolving
user issues. Any failure to maintain adequate customer support or success of
third-party cheating
programs or scams may negatively affect game-playing experiences and lead
users to stop playing our mobile games, which could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions as well as to natural disasters beyond our control.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health, and geopolitical
conditions, as well as natural disasters beyond
our control. Our revenue is driven in part by discretionary consumer
spending habits and preferences, and by advertising spending patterns.
Historically, consumer purchasing and advertising spending have each
declined during economic downturns and
periods of uncertainty regarding future economic prospects or when
disposable income or consumer lending is lower. General macro-economic
conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or
internationally, including those
resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical issues, could create
uncertainty and adversely affect discretionary consumer spending habits and
preferences as

41

well as advertising spending. Uncertain economic conditions may also
adversely affect our business clients. As a result, we may be unable to
continue to grow in the event of future economic
slowdowns. We are particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks
associated with the mobile app ecosystem, which also include the popularity,
price, and timing of our Apps, changes in user demographics, the
availability and popularity of
other forms of entertainment, and critical reviews and public tastes and
preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.

Additionally, our principal offices are located in the San Francisco Bay
Area, an area known for earthquakes and susceptible to fires,
and are thus vulnerable to damage. All of our facilities are also vulnerable
to damage from natural or manmade disasters, including power loss,
earthquakes, fires, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist
attacks, contagious disease
outbreak (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), and similar events. If any
disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our
facilities could be impaired and we could incur significant losses,
recovery from which may require substantial time and expense.

Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters

We are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, advertising, tracking,
targeting, and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are
continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We receive, store, and process personal information and other user data, and
we enable our users to share their
personal information with each other and with third parties, including
within our Apps. There are numerous federal, state, and local laws around
the world regarding privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use,
processing, disclosure, deletion,
and protection of personal information and other user data, the scope of
which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be
inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules.

Various government and consumer agencies have called for new regulation and
changes in industry practices and are continuing to review
the need for greater regulation for the collection of information concerning
consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting
certain targeted advertising practices. For example, the GDPR, which became
effective in May
2018, created new individual privacy rights and imposed worldwide
obligations on companies processing personal data of European Union users,
which has created a greater compliance burden for us and other companies
with European users, and subjects
violators to substantial monetary penalties. The United Kingdom has
implemented legislation that substantially implements the GDPR and which
also provides for substantial monetary penalties. With regard to transfers
to the United States of personal
data (as such term is used in the GDPR and applicable EU member state
legislation, and as similarly defined under the proposed ePrivacy
Regulation) from our employees and European users and other third parties,
we have relied upon the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield as well as
certain standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission (the
SCCs); however, both the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the EU Model Clauses
have been subject to legal challenge, and on July 16, 2020, the Court of
Justice of the European Union, Europe’s highest court, held in the Schrems
II
case that the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield was invalid, and imposed additional
obligations in connection with the use of the SCCs. EU regulators since have
issued additional guidance regarding these additional
requirements that we and other companies must consider and undertake when
using the SCCs. We are in the process of assessing this decision and related
guidance and their impact on our data transfer mechanisms. The SCCs and
other cross-border data
transfer mechanisms may face additional legal challenges or be the subject
of additional legislative activity and regulatory guidance. This decision
imposes restrictions on the ability to transfer personal data from the
European Union and
Switzerland

42

to the United States, and with the exit of the United Kingdom from the EU,
we and other companies face additional restrictions on transfers of personal
data from the United Kingdom. We and many
other companies may need to implement different or additional measures to
establish or maintain legitimate means for the transfer and receipt of
personal data from the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom to the
United States, and we may,
in addition to other impacts, experience additional costs associated with
increased compliance burdens, and we and our clients face the potential for
regulators to apply different standards to the transfer of personal data
from the European Economic
Area and the United Kingdom to the United States, and to block, or require
ad hoc verification of measures taken with respect to, certain data flows
from the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom to the United States.
We and our clients may
face a risk of enforcement actions by data protection authorities in the
European Economic Area and the United Kingdom relating to personal data
transfers. Any such enforcement actions could result in substantial costs
and diversion of resources,
distract management and technical personnel, and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any of these
developments may have an adverse effect on our business.

Another example is the State of California’s passage of the CCPA, which went
into effect on January 1, 2020, with implementing
regulations taking effect August 14, 2020, and which created new privacy
rights for users residing in the state. The California Privacy Rights Act
was approved by California voters in November 2020 and will significantly
modify the CCPA,
potentially resulting in further uncertainty and requiring us to incur
additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. There is also
increased attention being given to the collection of data from minors. For
instance, COPPA requires companies
to obtain parental consent before collecting personal information from
children under the age of 13. Compliance with the GDPR, CCPA, COPPA, and
similar legal requirements, such as Law no. 13.709/2018 of Brazil, theLei
Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais, has required us and will continue to
require us to devote significant operational resources and incur significant
expenses. Our privacy compliance and oversight efforts will require
significant time and
attention from our management and board of directors.

Further, children’s privacy has been a focus of recent enforcement
activities and subjects our business to potential liability that could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.
Enforcement of COPPA, which requires companies to obtain parental consent
before collecting personal
information from children under the age of thirteen, has increased in recent
years. In addition, the GDPR prohibits certain processing of the personal
information of children under the age of thirteen to sixteen (depending on
jurisdiction)
without parental consent. The CCPA requires companies to obtain the consent
of children in California under the age of sixteen (or parental consent for
children under the age of thirteen) before selling their personal
information. Although we take
reasonable efforts to comply with these laws and regulations, we may in the
future face claims under COPPA, the GDPR, the CCPA, or other laws relating
to children’s privacy.

All of our mobile games are subject to our privacy policy and our terms of
service located in application storefronts, within our mobile
games, and on our corporate website. We generally comply with industry
standards and are subject to the terms of our privacy-related obligations
and commitments to users and third parties. We strive to comply with all
applicable laws, policies,
legal obligations, and certain industry codes of conduct relating to privacy
and data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable. However, it is
possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner
that is inconsistent
from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our
practices. It is also possible that new laws, policies, legal obligations,
or industry codes of conduct may be passed, or existing laws, policies,
legal obligations, or
industry codes of conduct may be interpreted in such a way that could
prevent us from being able to offer services to citizens of a certain
jurisdiction or may make it costlier or more difficult for us to do so. Any
failure or perceived failure
by us to comply with laws and regulations concerning privacy, information
security, data protection, consumer protection, and protection of minors;
our privacy policy and terms of service; our or other
privacy-

43

related obligations to users or other third parties, or our privacy-related
legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the
unauthorized release or transfer of personally
identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental
enforcement actions, litigation, or public statements against us by consumer
advocacy groups or others and could cause our users to lose trust in us,
which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as users, developers,
vendors, service providers, or other business partners violate applicable
laws or our policies, such
violations may also put our users’ information at risk and could in turn
adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results
of operations.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws, many of which
are unsettled and still developing, which could subject us to claims or
otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to a variety of
laws in the United States and abroad that affect our business, including
state and federal laws regarding consumer protection, electronic marketing,
protection of minors, data protection, and privacy, competition, taxation,
intellectual property,
money transmission, money laundering, investment screening, export, and
national security, which are continuously evolving and developing. The scope
and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often
uncertain and may be
conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. There is a risk
that existing or future laws may be interpreted in a manner that is not
consistent with our current practices and which could adversely affect our
business. As our Platform
grows and evolves and our Software and our Apps are used in a greater number
of countries, we may also become subject to laws and regulations in
additional jurisdictions or other jurisdictions may claim that we are
required to comply with their laws
and regulations.

With respect to our Apps, we are potentially subject to a number of foreign
and domestic laws and regulations that
affect the offering of certain types of content, such as content that
depicts violence, the social casino game genre, or loot boxes, many of which
are ambiguous or still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could
adversely affect our
business or expose us to liability. Some state attorney generals as well as
other international regulatory bodies have brought and may continue to bring
legal actions against social casino app developers and the third-party
distribution platforms
for such apps. Further, several jurisdictions have been regulating and
continue to regulate the use of loot boxes in mobile games. Loot boxes are a
commonly used monetization technique in free-to-play mobile games in which a
user can acquire a virtual loot box, typically through mobile game play or
by using virtual goods, but the user does not know which virtual good(s) he
or she will receive
(which may be a common, rare, or extremely rare item, and may be a duplicate
of an item the user already has in his or her inventory) until the loot box
is opened. The user will always receive one or more virtual goods when he or
she opens the loot
box, but the user does not know exactly which item(s) until the loot box is
opened. In April 2018, each of the Belgian Gaming Commission and the Dutch
Gambling Authority declared that loot boxes as implemented in certain games
by other companies
that they reviewed constituted illegal gambling under each country’s laws.
Further, the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC) has examined consumer
protection issues related to loot boxes and various other jurisdictions,
including certain U.S.
states, Australia, and the United Kingdom are reviewing or have indicated
that they intend to review the legality of loot boxes and whether they
constitute gambling. Additionally, in May 2019, a bill was introduced to the
Senate that would prohibit
loot boxes and pay-to-win micro-transactions in “minor oriented” games. In
some of our mobile games, certain mechanics may be deemed as “loot boxes”.
New regulation by the FTC, U.S. states, or other international jurisdictions
could require that these game mechanics be modified or removed from games or
that such apps be changed entirely, both of which could increase the costs
of operating our
mobile games, impact user engagement and monetization, or otherwise
adversely affect our business. In addition, the increased attention focused
upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative

44

proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our
business. It is difficult to predict how existing or new laws may be applied
to these or similar game mechanics or
genres. Further, laws or regulations may vary significantly across
jurisdictions.

It is possible that a number of laws and
regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us in the United States
and elsewhere that could restrict the mobile app ecosystem, including user
privacy, advertising, communications, taxation, content suitability,
copyright, distribution, and
antitrust. Furthermore, the growth and development of electronic commerce
and virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection
laws that may impose additional burdens on companies such as ours conducting
business through the
internet and mobile devices. We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of
our industry will increase and we will be required to devote legal and other
resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new
laws regarding the
marketing of IAPs, labeling of free-to-play mobile games, or regulation of
currency, banking institutions, unclaimed property or money transmission may
be interpreted to
cover our mobile games and the virtual currency, goods, or payments that we
receive. If that were to occur we may be required to seek licenses,
authorizations, or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting of which
may be dependent on us
meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be subject to
additional regulation and oversight, all of which could significantly
increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws or regulations or the
imposition of new laws and
regulations in the United States or elsewhere regarding these activities may
lessen the growth of the mobile app ecosystem. Any costs incurred as a
result of adapting to laws and regulations, or as a result of liability in
connection therewith,
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws, and non-compliancewith such laws could
subject us to criminal penalties or significant fines and adversely affect
our business and reputation.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA), the U.S.
domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the
U.S. Travel Act, and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws
applicable in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business. Anti-
corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent
years, are interpreted broadly and
prohibit companies, their employees, and third party business partners,
representatives, and agents from promising, authorizing, making or offering
improper payments or other benefits, directly or indirectly, to government
officials and others in
the private sector in order to influence official action, direct business to
any person, gain any improper advantage, or obtain or retain business. As we
continue to expand our business internationally, our risks under these laws
increase.

We and our third-party business partners, representatives, and agents may
have direct or indirect interactions with officials and
employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and
we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our
employees, third-party business partners, representatives, and agents, even
if we do not explicitly
authorize such activities. These laws also require that we keep accurate
books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures
designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures
to address compliance
with such laws, we cannot assure you that our employees, third-party
business partners, representatives, and agents will not take actions in
violation of our policies or applicable law, for which we may be ultimately
held responsible and our
exposure for violating these laws increases as our international presence
expands and as we increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions.

Any violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws could
result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage,
investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil
sanctions, suspension or disbarment from U.S. government contracts,
substantial diversion of management’s attention, significant legal fees and
fines, severe criminal or civil
sanctions against us,

45

our officers, or our employees, disgorgement of profits, other sanctions and
remedial measures, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business, any of
which could adversely affect our
reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We are subject to governmental export controls and economic sanctions laws
that could impair our ability to compete in global markets or subject us to
liability if we violate the controls.

Our
Core Technologies, Software, and Apps may be subject to U.S. export
controls. Exports of our products and the underlying technology may require
export authorizations, including by license, a license exception, or other
appropriate government
authorizations, including the filing of an encryption classification request
or self-classification report, as applicable.

Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions laws and
regulations administered by the U.S. Department of
Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control that prohibit the shipment of
most technologies to embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without
the required export authorizations. If we need to obtain any necessary
export license or other
authorization for a particular sale, the process may be time-consuming and
may result in the delay or loss of opportunities to sell our products.

We take precautions to prevent our products and the underlying technology
from being provided, deployed or used in violation of export
control and sanctions laws, including implementation of IP address blocking
and sanctioned person screening, and are in the process of further enhancing
our policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions
compliance. However, we
cannot assure you that our policies and procedures relating to export
control and sanctions compliance will prevent violations in the future by us
or our partners or agents. If we are found to be in violation of U.S.
sanctions or export control
regulations, including failure to obtain appropriate import, export, or re-
export licenses or permits, it can result in significant penalties and
government investigations, as well as reputational harm and
loss of business. Knowing and willful violations can result in possible
incarcerations for responsible employees and managers.

In
addition to the United States, various other countries regulate the import
and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and
export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our
ability to distribute
our products or could limit our clients’ ability to implement our products
in those countries. Changes in our Core Technologies, Software, or Apps, or
future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the
introduction of our
products and the underlying technology in international markets, prevent our
clients with global operations from deploying our products globally, or, in
some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain
countries, governments, or
persons altogether. From time to time, various governmental agencies have
proposed additional regulation of encryption technology.

Our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and client and
user base in international markets and acquiring companies
that may operate in countries where we do not already do business. Such
acquisitions may subject us to additional or expanded export regulations.
Further, any change in export or import regulations or controls, economic
sanctions or related
legislation, or change in the countries, governments, persons, or
technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of
our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products
to, existing or potential
clients with global operations. Any decreased use of our products or
limitation on our ability to export or sell our products in major
international markets could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

46

Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax
rates, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under are unsettled and may be
subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws (including in response to
the COVID-19 pandemic) or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of
existing laws, could cause us to be subject to additional
income-based taxes and non-income taxes (such as payroll, sales, use, value-
added, digital tax, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes),
which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. For example, in December 2017, the U.S. federal
government enacted the tax reform legislation known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act (the 2017 Tax Act). The 2017 Tax Act significantly changed the existing
U.S. corporate income
tax laws by, among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate,
implementing a partially territorial tax system, and imposing a one-time
deemed repatriation tax on certain post-1986 foreign earnings. In
addition, many countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other
countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development, have recently proposed or recommended changes
to existing tax laws or have
enacted new laws that could impact our tax obligations. Some of these or
other new rules could result in double taxation of our international
earnings. Any significant changes to our future effective tax rate could
adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.

Our income tax obligations are based in part on our corporate operating
structure and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in
which we develop, value, manage, and use our intellectual property and the
valuation of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws applicable to our
business, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions,
are subject to
interpretation and certain jurisdictions are aggressively interpreting their
laws in new ways in an effort to raise additional tax revenue. Our existing
corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a
manner we believe
is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. However, the taxing
authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our
methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements,
which could impact our
worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Moreover, changes to our corporate structure and
intercompany agreements, including through acquisitions, could impact our
worldwide effective tax
rate and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

In addition, we are subject to federal,
state, and local taxes in the United States and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax
positions and our worldwide provision for (benefit from) taxes. During the
ordinary course of business, there are
many activities and transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain. Our tax obligations and effective tax rates could be adversely
affected by changes in the relevant tax, accounting, and other laws,
regulations, principles, and
interpretations, including those relating to income tax nexus, by our
earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower
statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have
higher statutory rates, by
challenges to our intercompany relationships and transfer pricing
arrangements. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our
determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific
jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to
occur, and our position were not sustained, we could be required to pay
additional taxes, interest, and penalties, which could result in one-time
tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and
lower overall profitability of our business, with some changes possibly
affecting our tax obligations in future or past years. We believe that our
financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency,
but there can be no
assurances in that regard.

47

Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or
in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes,
and any such assessments could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We do not collect sales and use, value added, and similar taxes in all
jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that
such taxes are not applicable in certain jurisdictions. Sales and use, value
added, and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain
jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such
taxes are applicable or
that our presence in such jurisdictions is sufficient to require us to
collect taxes, which could result in tax assessments, penalties, and
interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such
tax assessments, penalties, and
interest or future requirements may adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Further, in June 2018, the Supreme Court held in
South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. that states could impose sales tax collection
obligations
on out-of-state sellers even if those sellers lack any physical presence
within the states imposing the sales taxes. Under the Wayfairdecision, a
person requires
only a “substantial nexus” with the taxing state before the state may
subject the person to sales tax collection obligations therein. An
increasing number of states (both before and after the publication of the
Wayfairdecision)
have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose sales tax collection
obligations on out-of-state sellers. The Supreme Court’s Wayfairdecision has
removed a significant impediment to the enactment and enforcement of these
laws, and it is possible that states may seek to tax out-of-state sellers on
sales that
occurred in prior tax years, which could create additional administrative
burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if such states do not
impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future
sales, which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or
advertising that is served through our Software or Apps, our business could
be adversely affected.

As a distributor of
content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright, patent or
trademark infringement, public performance royalties, or other claims based
on the nature and content of materials that we distribute. The Digital
Millennium Copyright Act
(the DMCA) is intended, in part, to limit the liability of eligible service
providers for caching, hosting, or linking to user content that includes
materials that infringe copyrights or other rights. We rely on the
protections provided by the DMCA
in conducting our business. Similarly, Section 230 of the Communications
Decency Act (Section 230) protects online distribution platforms, such as
ours, from actions taken under various laws that might otherwise impose
liability on the platform
provider for what content creators develop or the actions they take or
inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar
statutes and doctrines that we may rely on in the future are subject to
uncertain judicial interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments.
Future regulatory or legislative changes may ultimately require us to take a
more active approach
towards content moderation, which could diminish the depth, breadth, and
variety of content we offer and, in so doing, reduce our revenue. Moreover,
the DMCA and Section 230 provide protections primarily in the United States.
If the rules
around these statutes and doctrines change, if international jurisdictions
refuse to apply similar protections, or if a court were to disagree with our
application of those rules to our business, we could incur liability and our
business could be
adversely affected. If we become liable for these types of claims as a
result of the content that is included in our Apps or the advertisements
that are served through our Software, then our business may be adversely
affected. Litigation to defend
these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any
liability could adversely affect our business. Our insurance may not be
adequate to cover these types of claims or any liability that may be imposed
on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our
liability for the actions of third parties, we may incur significant
legal expenses and other costs if copyright holders assert claims, or

48

commence litigation, alleging copyright infringement against our third-party
developers. While we prohibit mobile apps without distribution rights from
the copyright holder, and we maintain
processes and systems for the reporting and removal of infringing mobile
apps, such prohibitions, processes, and systems may not always be
successful. If other developers, licensees, platform providers, business
partners, and personnel are
influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and are
deterred from working with us as a consequence, our ability to maintain or
expand our business, including through international expansion plans, could
be adversely affected.

We will incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of
complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

As a public company, we will incur
greater legal, accounting, and other expenses than we incurred as a private
company. For example, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-
Frank Act), and the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing
standards. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file
annual, quarterly, and
current reports with respect to our business and results of operations.
Compliance with these requirements has increased and will continue to
increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs and increase
demand on our systems, making
some activities more time-consuming and costly. We expect these rules and
regulations to make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer
liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits
and coverage or incur
substantially higher costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. As a
result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
individuals to serve on our board of directors or as our executive officers.
As a public company, we
expect to incur significant expenses and devote substantial management
effort toward ensuring compliance with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In that regard, we will need to
hire additional
accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience
and technical accounting knowledge. In addition, as a public company, we may
be subject to shareholder activism, which can lead to substantial costs,
distract management, and
impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot
currently anticipate.

As a result of disclosure of
information in our public filings with the SEC as required of a public
company, our business and financial condition will become more visible,
which we believe may result in threatened or actual litigation, including by
competitors and other third
parties. If such claims are successful, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations could be adversely affected, and even if the
claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these
claims, and the time and
resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our
management and our board of directors and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations.

Legal or regulatory proceedings and settlements could cause us to incur
additional expenses or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

We are involved in or may become involved in claims, suits, government
investigations,
including formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and
regulators, and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business,
including actions with respect to intellectual property claims, securities
claims, privacy, data
protection, or law enforcement matters, tax matters, labor and employment
claims, commercial and acquisition-related claims, and other matters. We may
become the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for
information, actions,
and audits in the United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly
in the areas of privacy, data protection, law enforcement, consumer
protection, and competition, as we continue to grow and expand our
operations. In addition, we are
currently, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory orders or

49

consent decrees. For example, data protection, competition, and consumer
protection authorities in the European Union have initiated actions,
investigations, or administrative orders seeking to
restrict the ways in which we collect and use information, or impose
sanctions, and other authorities may do the same.

Any such
claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently
uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless
of their outcomes, such legal or regulatory proceedings can have an adverse
impact on us because of
legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel attention, and
other factors. In addition, it is possible that a resolution of one or more
such proceedings could result in substantial costs, civil and criminal
liability, penalties, or
sanctions, as well as judgments, consent decrees, or orders preventing us
from offering certain features, functionalities, products or services, or
requiring a change in our business practices, products or technologies,
which could adversely affect
our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

Many of our products and services contain open source software, and we
license some of our software through open source projects, which may pose
particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a
manner that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We use open source software in our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps and
expect to continue to use open source software in the
future. In addition, we contribute software source code to open source
projects under open source licenses or release internal software projects
under open source licenses, and anticipate continuing to do so in the
future. The terms of many open
source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or
foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could
be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or
restrictions on our ability
to provide or distribute our products or services. Additionally, under some
open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open
source software in a certain manner, third parties may claim ownership of, a
license to, or demand
release of, the open source software or derivative works that we developed
using such software, which could include our proprietary source code. Such
third parties may also seek to enforce the terms of the applicable open
source license through
litigation which, if successful, could require us to make our proprietary
software source code freely available, purchase a costly license, or cease
offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can
re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could
require significant additional research and development resources, and we
may not be able to
complete it successfully. In addition to risks related to open source
license requirements, use of certain open source software may pose greater
risks than use of third-party commercial software, since open source
licensors generally do not provide
warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could
be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property may
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our
costs.

While most of the intellectual property
we use in our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps is created by us, from
time to time, we also acquire rights to third-party intellectual property.
Proprietary licenses may limit our use of intellectual property to specific
uses and for specific
time periods, require time and attention of licensors in providing guidance
and related approvals, and include other contractual obligations with which
we must comply. Additionally, competition for these licenses is

50

intense and often results in increased advances, minimum payment guarantees,
and royalties to the licensor, and as such we may be unable to identify
suitable licensing targets or complete
licensing arrangements. If we are unable to obtain and remain in compliance
with the terms of these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable
economic terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected. Further, if
the mix of IAPs shifts toward mobile games in which we use licensed
intellectual property or if we develop additional Apps that require
licensing of third-party intellectual property, our overall margins may be
reduced due to royalty obligations.

In addition, many of our Apps are built on proprietary source code of third
parties, such as Unity Software. Unity Software offers
certain solutions that may compete with our offerings. If we are unable to
renew licenses to proprietary source code underlying our mobile games, or
the terms and conditions of these licenses change at the time of renewal,
our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We rely on
third parties, including Unity, to maintain versions of their proprietary
engines that allow us to distribute our mobile games on multiple platforms.
If a third party from
whom we license source code discontinues support for one or more of these
platforms, our business, financial condition, and results of operations
could be adversely affected.

Failure to protect or enforce our proprietary and intellectual property
rights or the costs involved in such enforcement could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We regard our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps and
related source code as proprietary and rely on a variety of methods,
including a combination of copyright, patent, trademark, and trade secret
laws and employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements, to
protect our proprietary rights. We view the protection of our trade secrets,
copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, domain names, patents,
and other product rights as critical to our success. We strive to protect
our intellectual
property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights, as well
as contractual restrictions and business practices. We also enter into
confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and
contractors and
confidentiality agreements with parties with whom we conduct business in
order to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary
information. However, these contractual arrangements and business practices
may not prevent the
misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent
development of similar technologies by others.

We own or
license, and pursue the registration of, copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, domain names, and patents in the United States and in certain
locations outside the United States. This process can be expensive and time-
consuming, may not always be
successful depending on local laws or other circumstances, and we also may
choose not to pursue registrations in every location depending on the nature
of the project to which the intellectual property rights pertain. We may,
over time, increase our
investments in protecting our creative works.

We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our Apps occurs, and if a
significantly greater amount of unauthorized copying of our Apps were to
occur, it could adversely affect our business. In addition, even if
authorized copying of our Apps occurs, third-party platforms may not remove
infringing material. We also
cannot be certain that existing intellectual property laws will provide
adequate protection for our products in connection with emerging
technologies. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual
property rights, protect our trade
secrets, or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed
by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit,
could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity, and diversion of
management and technical
resources. If we fail to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual
property rights, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

51

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property disputes,
which are costly to defend and could require us to pay significant damages
and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.

From time to time, we have faced, and we may face in the future, allegations
that we have infringed the trademarks, copyrights, patents,
and other intellectual property rights of third parties, including from our
competitors, non-practicing entities and former employers of our personnel.
Intellectual property litigation may be protracted and
expensive, and the results are difficult to predict. As the result of any
court judgment or settlement, we may be obligated to alter our Platform or
Apps, in a particular geographic region or worldwide, pay royalties or
significant settlement costs,
purchase licenses, or develop substitutes.

In certain of our agreements we also indemnify our licensees and other
business
partners. We may incur significant expenses defending these business
partners if they are sued for intellectual property infringement based on
allegations related to our technology. If a business partner were to lose a
lawsuit and in turn seek
indemnification from us, we also could be subject to significant monetary
liabilities. In addition, because our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps
often involve the use of third-party technology, this increases our exposure
to litigation in
circumstances where there is a claim of infringement asserted against one of
our mobile games or other products and services in question, even if the
claim does not pertain to our technology.

Risks Related to Financial and Accounting Matters

If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and
internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and
accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be
impaired.

As a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and
regulations of the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. We expect that the
requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our
legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more
difficult,
time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel,
systems, and resources.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are
continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other
procedures that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that
information required to be
disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to
improve our internal control over financial reporting, which includes hiring
additional
accounting and financial personnel to implement such processes and controls.

In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend,
significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant
management oversight.
If any of these new or improved controls and systems do not perform as
expected, we may experience further deficiencies in our controls.

Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business.
Further, to the extent we acquire other businesses, the acquired company may
not have a sufficiently robust system of controls and we may discover
deficiencies. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any
difficulties encountered in
their implementation

52

or improvement could adversely affect our results of operations or cause us
to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of
our financial statements for prior
periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control
over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic
management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting
firm attestation
reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic
reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and
procedures and internal
control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose
confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would
likely cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. In
addition, if we are unable to
continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on
the Nasdaq Global Select Market. We are not currently required to comply
with the SEC rules that implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and
are therefore not
required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting for that purpose. As a public company, we
will be required to provide an annual management report on the effectiveness
of our internal control
over financial reporting commencing with our second annual report on Form
10-K.

We
expect our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to
formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting commencing with our second annual report on Form 10-K. At such
time, our independent
registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the
event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over
financial reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to
maintain effective
disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations and could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to
decline.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in
financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future
accounting standards to our business as it evolves.

Our reported results of operations are impacted by the accounting
standards promulgated by the SEC and accounting standards bodies and the
methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting
policies. A change in accounting standards could have a significant effect
on our reported financial
results, and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before
the announcement or effectiveness of a change. The frequency of accounting
standards changes could accelerate, including conversion to unified
international accounting
standards. Accounting standards affecting revenue recognition have affected,
and could further significantly affect, the way we account for revenue. Any
future changes to accounting standards may cause our results of operations
to fluctuate. For
example, if the accounting standards for revenue derived from free-to-play
mobile games were to change, particularly with respect to revenue generated
from digital storefronts, our results of operations could be adversely
affected.

Further, although we believe our estimates are reasonable based on available
user information, we may revise such estimates in the
future in the event our users’ average playing period changes. Any
adjustments arising from changes in the estimates of the lives of these
virtual goods would be applied to the current quarter and prospectively on
the basis that such changes
are caused by new information indicating a change in the user behavior
patterns of our users. As we enhance, expand and diversify our business and
product offerings, the application of existing or future financial
accounting standards could
adversely our results of operations.

53

We rely on assumptions, estimates and unaudited financial information to
calculate certain of our key metrics and other figures presented herein, and
real or perceived inaccuracies in such metrics could adversely affect our
reputation and our business.

Certain of the metrics presented herein are calculated using internal
company data that has not been independently verified, data from
third-party attribution partners, or unaudited financial information of
companies that we have acquired or partnered with. While these metrics and
figures are based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations for the
applicable period of
measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring these metrics and
figures across our worldwide client base and user base. Additionally,
certain figures relating to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships are
based on unaudited financial
information that has been prepared by the management of such companies and
has not been independently reviewed or audited. We cannot assure you that
such financial information would not be materially different if such
information was independently
reviewed or audited. We regularly review and may adjust our processes for
calculating our metrics and other figures to improve their accuracy, but
these efforts may not prove successful and we may discover material
inaccuracies. In addition, our
methodology for calculating these metrics may differ from the methodology
used by other companies to calculate similar metrics and figures. We may
also discover unexpected errors in the data that we are using that resulted
from technical or other
errors. If we determine that any of our metrics or figures are not accurate,
we may be required to revise or cease reporting such metrics or figures. Any
real or perceived inaccuracies in our metrics and other figures could harm
our reputation and
adversely affect our business.

Conversion of key internal systems and processes, particularly our
enterprise resource planning system, and problems with the design,
implementation, or operation of these systems and processes could interfere
with, and therefore adversely affect, our business and operations.

We converted certain key internal business systems and processes, including
our enterprise resource planning, system to a cloud-based
system. We have invested, and will continue to invest, significant capital
and human resources in the design, implementation, and operation of these
business systems and processes. Any problems in the functioning of these
systems or processes,
particularly any that impact our operations, could adversely affect our
ability to process payments, record and transfer information in a timely and
accurate manner, recognize revenue, file SEC reports in a timely manner, or
otherwise run our
business and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and
results of operations.

We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our
goodwill becomes impaired.

We are required under GAAP to review our goodwill for impairment at
least annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be
considered a change in circumstances, indicating a requirement to reevaluate
whether our goodwill
continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in the market
price of our Class A common stock and our market capitalization, slower
growth rates in our industry, or other materially adverse events. We may be
required to record a
significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period
in which any impairment of our goodwill is determined.

We have substantial indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities
and our obligations thereunder may limit our operational flexibility or
otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

We are party to a credit agreement that provides for senior secured credit
consisting of term loans and a revolving credit facility,
which are scheduled to mature in 2025. As of December 31, 2020, the
aggregate principal amount of our outstanding indebtedness under our credit
facilities was

54

$1.64 billion, consisting of $1.49 billion in aggregate principal amount of
term loans and $150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of borrowings
under our revolving credit facility. On February 12, 2021, our credit
agreement was amended to, among other things, increase the senior secured
term loan facility by $300.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of
$1.82 billion, to add an additional $10.0 million in aggregate principal
amount of revolving commitments, increasing the total revolving commitments
to $600.0 million, and to reduce the interest rate on the incremental term
loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest rate as all other term
loans. There can be no assurance that we will be able to repay this
indebtedness when due, or that we will be able to refinance this
indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all. We intend to borrow an
additional $250.0 million under our revolving credit facility, which we
expect to close on March 31, 2021. Our indebtedness could adversely impact
us. For example, these obligations could among other things:
                                                           
  •    make it difficult for us to pay other obligations;  
                                                           
                                        
  •    increase our cost of borrowing;  
                                        
                                                                            
       make it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary        
  •    future financing for working capital, capital                        
       expenditures, strategic acquisitions and partnerships, debt service  
       requirements, or other purposes;                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       restrict us from making strategic acquisitions and partnerships or   
  •    cause us to make divestitures or similar                             
       transactions;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       adversely affect our liquidity and result in a material adverse      
  •    effect on our financial condition upon repayment of the              
       indebtedness;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from   
  •    operations to service and repay the indebtedness,                    
       reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes;       
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    increase our vulnerability to adverse and economic conditions;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    increase our exposure to interest rate risk from variable rate       
       indebtedness;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less          
       leveraged competitors; and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    limit our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in     
       our business.                                                        
                                                                            
In addition, from time to time we have entered into interest rate swap
instruments to limit our exposure to changes in variable interest rates.
While our hedging strategy is designed to minimize the impact of increases
in interest rates applicable to our variable rate debt, including our credit
facility, there can be no guarantee that our hedging strategy will be
effective, and we may experience credit-related losses in some
circumstances. Our credit agreement also imposes restrictions on us and
requires us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. Our ability to
comply with these covenants may be affected by market, economic, financial,
competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors, as well as other factors
that are beyond our control. A breach of any of the covenants in the credit
agreement governing our credit facilities could result in an event of
default, which, if not cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of our
indebtedness and an increase in the interest rates applicable to such
indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of or default under any
other debt we may incur in the future to which a cross-acceleration or
cross-default provision applies. In addition, we have granted a security
interest in a significant portion of our assets to secure our obligations
under our credit facility. During the existence of an event of default under
our credit agreement, the applicable lenders could exercise their rights and
remedies thereunder, including by way of initiating foreclosure proceedings
against any assets constituting collateral for our obligations under the
credit facility. The acceleration of the indebtedness under our credit
agreement or under any other indebtedness could have a material and adverse
effect 55

on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. See the
section titled “Description of Certain Indebtedness” for additional
information.

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant
debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.

Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to
refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and
results of operations, which are subject to prevailing economic and
competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative,
regulatory, and other factors beyond
our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from
operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium,
if any, or interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and capital
resources are insufficient to
fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay
strategic acquisitions and partnerships, capital expenditures, and payments
on account of other obligations, seek additional capital, restructure or
refinance our indebtedness,
or sell assets. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not
permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to
restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the
capital markets and our
financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at
higher interest rates and could require us to comply with more onerous
covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In
addition, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all.

If we are unable to repay or
otherwise refinance our indebtedness when due, or if any other event of
default is not cured or waived, the applicable lenders could accelerate our
outstanding obligations or proceed against the collateral granted to them to
secure that
indebtedness, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In the
event the applicable lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we
and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that
indebtedness. Any acceleration of
amounts due under the agreements governing our credit facility or the
exercise by the applicable lenders of their rights under the security
documents could have a material and adverse effect on our business.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and
support business growth, and this capital may not be available on acceptable
terms or at all.

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support our
business growth and may
require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the
need to develop our Platform and Software, enhance our existing Apps and
develop new Apps and features, improve our operating infrastructure, or
enter into strategic
acquisitions and partnerships. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity,
equity-linked, or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise
additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt
securities, our existing
stockholders could experience significant dilution, and any new equity
securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior
to those of holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing that we
secure in the future
could involve offering additional security interests and undertaking
restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other
financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us
to obtain additional capital
and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In
August 2018, we entered into a credit agreement, which provides for a term
loan and revolving credit facility, and we must adhere to financial
covenants therein. We may not
be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all.
Additionally, if we seek to access additional capital or increase our
borrowing, there can be no assurance that financing and credit may be
available on favorable terms, if
at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms
satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support
our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be
significantly impaired, and our
business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely
affected.

56

The London Interbank Offered Rate calculation method may change and LIBOR is
expected to be phased out after 2021.

Interest on our term loan and revolving credit facility, which are scheduled
to mature in 2025, may
be calculated based on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). On July
27, 2017, the U.K.’s Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that
administers LIBOR) announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end
of 2021. It is
unclear whether new methods of calculating LIBOR will be established such
that it continues to exist after 2021, or if alternative rates or benchmarks
will be adopted. Changes in the method of calculating LIBOR, or the
replacement of LIBOR with an
alternative rate or benchmark, may adversely affect interest rates and
result in higher borrowing costs. This could materially and adversely affect
our results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. We cannot predict the
effect of the potential
changes to LIBOR or the establishment and use of alternative rates or
benchmarks. We may need to renegotiate our credit facility or incur other
indebtedness, and changes in the method of calculating LIBOR, or the use of
an alternative rate or
benchmark, may negatively impact the terms of such renegotiated credit
facility or such other indebtedness. If changes are made to the method of
calculating LIBOR or LIBOR ceases to exist, we may need to amend certain
contracts and cannot predict
what alternative rate or benchmark would be negotiated. This may result in
an increase to our interest expense.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and Governance

The multi-class structure of our common stock and the Voting Agreement among
the Class B Stockholders will have the effect of concentrating voting power
with the Class B Stockholders, which will limit your ability to influence
the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including
the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other
major corporate transaction.

Following this offering, we will have three classes of common stock. Our
Class A common stock, which is the stock we are offering by
means of this prospectus, has one vote per share, our Class B common stock
has 20 votes per share, and our Class C common stock has no voting rights,
except as otherwise required by law. Upon the closing of this offering, Adam
Foroughi,
our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, our President and Chief
Financial Officer, and a member of our board of directors; and KKR Denali
(collectively with certain affiliates, the Class B Stockholders) will
together hold all of the
issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. Accordingly, upon
the closing of this offering, the Class B Stockholders will collectively
hold approximately % of the voting
power of our outstanding capital stock in the aggregate. The Class B
Stockholders have entered into the Voting Agreement whereby all Class B
common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective permitted
entities and
permitted transferees will be voted as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi,
Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result,
the Class B Stockholders, in particular, Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR
Denali,
will be able to determine or significantly influence any action requiring
the approval of our stockholders, including the election of our board of
directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, and the approval
of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our
assets, or other major corporate transaction. The Class B Stockholders may
have interests that differ from yours and may vote in a way with which you
disagree, and which may
be adverse to your interests. This concentrated control may have the effect
of delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control of our company,
could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for
their capital stock as
part of a sale of our company, and might ultimately affect the market price
of our Class A common stock.

Future transfers by
the holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares
automatically converting into shares of Class A common stock, subject to
limited exceptions, such as

57

certain transfers effected for estate planning, transfers among KKR
affiliates, or other transfers among the Class B Stockholders. In addition,
each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share
of Class A common stock upon certain events specified in our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation. We refer to the date on which such
final conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B common stock pursuant
to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation occurs
as the Final Conversion Date. See the section titled “Description of Capital
Stock” for additional information about our multi-class structure. In
addition, because our Class C common stock carries no voting rights (except
as otherwise required by law), if we issue Class C common stock in the
future, the holders of Class B common stock may be able to elect all of our
directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote
of our stockholders for a longer period of time than would be the case if we
issued Class A common stock rather than Class C common stock in such
transactions. See the section titled “Description of Capital Stock—Anti-
Takeover Provisions” for additional information. Following the completion of
this offering, we will be considered a “controlled company” within the
meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, and, as a result,
we will qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain
corporate governance requirements. As a result of our multi-class common
stock structure and the Voting Agreement among the Class B Stockholders, the
Class B Stockholders will collectively hold greater than a majority of the
voting power of our outstanding capital stock following the completion of
this offering and the Class B Stockholders will have the authority to vote
the shares of all Class B common stock, subject to the terms of the Voting
Agreement, at their discretion on all matters to be voted upon by
stockholders. Therefore, we will be considered a “controlled company” as
that term is set forth in the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.
Under these corporate governance requirements, a company in which over 50%
of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual,
a group, or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to
comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including:
                                                                            
  •    the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist    
       of independent directors;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement that we have a nominating/corporate governance       
  •    committee that is comprised entirely of independent                  
       directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose  
       and responsibilities;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is        
  •    comprised entirely of independent directors with a written           
       charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities;     
       and                                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the          
  •    nominating and corporate governance and compensation                 
       committees.                                                          
                                                                            
For at least a period following this offering, we intend to utilize certain
of these exemptions. As a result, we will not have a majority of independent
directors and our compensation committee will not consist entirely of
independent directors. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections
afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the
corporate governance requirements. In the event that we cease to be a
“controlled company” and our Class A common stock continues to be listed on
Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with these provisions within the
applicable transaction periods. We cannot predict the effect our multi-class
structure may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. We
cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or
more volatile market price of our Class A common stock, in adverse
publicity, or other adverse consequences. For example, 58

certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies
with multi-class share structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017,
FTSE Russell announced that it plans to require new constituents of its
indices to have greater than 5% of the company’s voting rights in the hands
of public stockholders, and S&P Dow Jones announced that it will no longer
admit companies with multi-class share structures to certain of its indices.
Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400,
and S&P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S&P Composite 1500. Also in
2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on
their treatment of no-vote and multi-class structures and temporarily barred
new multi-class listings from certain of its indices and in October 2018,
MSCI announced its decision to include equity securities “with unequal
voting structures” in its indices and to launch a new index that
specifically includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria. Under such
announced policies, the multi-class structure of our common stock would make
us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual
funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to
track those indices would not invest in our Class A common stock. These
policies are relatively new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will
have on the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from such
indices, but it is possible that they may depress valuations, as compared to
similar companies that are included. Given the sustained flow of investment
funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion
from certain stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these
funds and could make our Class A common stock less attractive to other
investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could
be adversely affected. There has been no prior public trading market for our
Class A common stock, and an active trading market may not develop or be
sustained following this offering. We have been approved to list our Class A
common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “APP”.
However, prior to this offering, there has been no prior public trading
market for our Class A common stock. We cannot assure you that an active
trading market for our Class A common stock will develop on such exchange or
elsewhere or, if developed, that any market will be sustained. The initial
public offering price of our Class A common stock will be determined through
negotiation between us, the selling stockholder, and the underwriters. This
price will not necessarily reflect the price at which investors in the
market will be willing to buy and sell shares of our Class A common stock
following this offering. The market price of our Class A common stock could
be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The market
price of our Class A common stock following this offering may fluctuate
substantially and be higher or lower than the initial public offering price,
depending on a number of factors, including those described in this “Risk
Factors” section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be
related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to
lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors
that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our Class A common
stock include the following:
                                                                            
       price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time  
  •    to time, including fluctuations due to general                       
       economic uncertainty or negative market sentiment, in particular     
       related to the COVID-19 pandemic;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    volatility in the market and trading volumes of technology stocks;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of      
  •    other technology companies generally, or those in our                
       industry in particular;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our             
       stockholders, as well as the anticipation of lock-up releases;       
                                                                            
59
                                                                            
  •    rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in     
       our industry;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes   
  •    in financial estimates by securities analysts who                    
       follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the    
       expectations of investors;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    actual or perceived significant data breaches involving our          
       Platform or Apps;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the financial or non-financial metric projections we may provide to  
  •    the public,                                                          
       any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those        
       projections;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       third-party data published about us or other mobile gaming           
  •    companies, whether or not such data accurately reflects              
       actual levels of usage;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services;  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public            
       announcements, and filings with the SEC;                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    fluctuations in the trading volume of shares of our Class A common   
       stock or the size of our public float;                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative      
       securities;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of      
       operations;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       actual or anticipated developments in our business, our              
  •    competitors’ businesses, or the competitive landscape                
       generally;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                            
  •    our issuance of shares of our Class A common stock;  
                                                            
                                                                            
       litigation or regulatory action involving us, our industry or both,  
  •    or investigations by regulators into our operations                  
       or those of our competitors;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or     
       other proprietary rights;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies    
       by us or our competitors;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or   
       regulations applicable to our business;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines,               
       interpretations, or principles;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets;  
                                                                       
                                                      
  •    any significant change in our management; and  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our       
       markets.                                                             
                                                                            
In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in
general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the market price of our
Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. The market price of our Class
A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other
companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity of any trading market,
your ability to sell your shares of our Class A common stock when desired,
or the prices that you may obtain for your shares of our Class A common
stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been
brought against that company. If the market price of our Class A common
stock is volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation.
Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our
management’s attention and resources from our business. Such litigation
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 60

Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock
in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole
source of gain. You should not rely on an investment in our Class A common
stock to provide dividend income. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if
any, to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, our
credit agreement contains, and any future credit facility or financing we
obtain may contain, terms limiting the amount of dividends that may be
declared or paid on our Class A common stock. Any future determination to
pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will
be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital
requirements, and applicable contractual restrictions. As a result,
stockholders should rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price
appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on their
investment. We have broad discretion over the use of the proceeds from this
offering and we may not use them effectively. We intend to use the proceeds
received by us from this offering, net of underwriting discounts and
commissions and expenses payable by us, for working capital and other
general corporate purposes, as well as the acquisition of, or investment in,
complementary products, technologies, solutions, or businesses, although we
have no present commitments or agreements to enter into any material
acquisitions or investments. Accordingly, our management will have broad
discretion in the application of the proceeds from this offering and you
will not have the opportunity as part of your investment decision to assess
whether the proceeds are being used effectively. Because of the number and
variability of factors that will determine our use of the proceeds from this
offering, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently
intended use. Our investments may not yield a favorable return to our
investors and may negatively impact the market price of our Class A common
stock. The failure by our management to apply these proceeds effectively
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. A substantial portion of the outstanding shares of our Class A
common stock after this offering will be restricted from immediate resale,
but may be sold in the near future. The large number of shares eligible for
public sale or subject to rights requiring us to register them for public
sale could depress the market price of our Class A common stock. The market
price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a
large number of shares of our Class A common stock in the market after this
offering and the perception that these sales could occur may also depress
the market price of our Class A common stock. Following the completion of
this offering, based on 185,033,746 shares of our Class A common stock
outstanding and 150,421,563 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding
(after giving effect to the Capital Stock Conversions and the Class B Stock
Exchange) as of December 31, 2020, we will have shares of our Class A common
stock and shares of our Class B common stock outstanding after this
offering. All of our directors and executive officers, and the holders of
substantially all of our outstanding equity securities have entered into
market standoff agreements with us or have entered into lock-up agreements
with the underwriters under which they have agreed or will agree, subject to
specific exceptions, not to sell any of our stock during the period ending
180 days after the date of this prospectus; provided that:
                                                                            
       up to 15% of the shares of common stock (including shares issuable   
       upon exercise of vested options) held as of the date                 
  •    of this prospectus by current and former employees (as such term is  
       defined for purposes of Form S-8), but excluding current executive   
       officers and directors, subject to the lock-up agreements may be     
       sold at the commencement of trading on the first                     
                                                                            
61
                                                    
  trading day on which our Class A common stock is  
  traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the    
  First Trading Day Release); and                   
                                                    
                                                                            
       up to 20% of the shares held as of the date of this prospectus       
       (including shares issuable upon the exercise of options              
       that are scheduled to be vested as of the date that is 90 days       
       thereafter provided, however, the lock-up signatory continues to be  
       a service provider to us through such date) subject to the lock-up   
       agreements may be sold at the commencement of                        
       trading on the second trading day after we announce earnings for     
       our second quarter of 2021 (the Earnings-Related Release). The       
  •    Earnings-Related Release will not occur unless we have announced     
       earnings, either through a major news service or on a                
       Form 8-K, at least five trading days in advance of the date of such  
       earnings announcement. This Earnings-Related Release will not apply  
       to shares owned by any limited liability company, partnership,       
       corporation, trust, or other entity                                  
       (including, without limitation, any investment fund), unless all of  
       the equity interests and other economic interests in such entity     
       are owned exclusively by lock-up signatory and immediate family      
       members of such lock-up signatory.                                   
                                                                            
To the extent not released on the First Trading Day Release or Earnings-
Related Release described above, pursuant to the lock-up agreements, if (i)
at least 120 days have elapsed since the date of this prospectus, and (ii)
the lock-up period is scheduled to end during or within five trading days
prior to a regularly-scheduled blackout period under our insider trading
policy, the lock-up period will end 10 trading days prior to the
commencement of such blackout period (the Blackout-Related Release);
provided that in the event the lock-up period will end during such period,
we will notify the representatives of the date of the impending Blackout-
Related Release promptly upon our determination of the date of the Blackout-
Related Release and in any event at least seven trading days in advance of
the date of the Blackout-Related Release, and will announce the date of the
expected Blackout-Related Release through a major news service, or on a Form
8-K, at least two trading days in advance of the Blackout-Related Release.
In addition, beginning 181 days after the date of this prospectus, the
remainder of the shares of our Class A common stock (including shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock) will
become eligible for sale in the public market. If not earlier released, all
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock, other than those sold in
this offering which are freely tradable, will become eligible for sale upon
expiration of the lock-up period, except for any shares held by our
affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. See the section
titled “Shares Eligible for Future Sale” for additional information. Upon
completion of this offering, stockholders owning an aggregate of up to
shares of our Class A common stock (including shares issuable upon
conversion of our Class B common stock and the exercise of certain warrants)
will be entitled, under our IRA, to certain demand registration rights. The
stockholders receiving shares of our Class A common stock in connection with
our pending acquisition of Adjust will also be entitled to these rights with
respect to such shares. In addition, we intend to file a registration
statement to register shares reserved for future issuance under our equity
compensation plans and a registration statement to register shares of Class
A common stock issued pursuant to our 2011 Plan for resale in connection
with the First Trading Day Release. Upon effectiveness of these registration
statements, subject to the satisfaction of applicable exercise periods and
compliance with the market standoff agreements and lock-upagreements
referred to above, the registered shares, including those issued upon
exercise of outstanding stock options, will be available for immediate
resale in the United States in the open market. Sales of our Class A common
stock as restrictions end or pursuant to registration rights may make it
more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and
at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales also could cause the market
price of our Class A common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you
to sell shares of our Class A common stock. 62

Although we ceased to be an emerging growth company, we have continued to
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure requirements in the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, which may make
our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. We ceased to be an
emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, on December 31, 2020.
However, because we ceased to be an emerging growth company after we
confidentially submitted our draft registration statement related to this
offering to the SEC, we will continue to be treated as an emerging growth
company for certain purposes until the earlier of the date on which we
complete this offering or December 31, 2021. As such, we have continued to
take advantage of certain exemptions that allow us to comply with reduced
disclosure obligations regarding selected financial data and executive
compensation arrangements in the registration statement of which this
prospectus forms a part that are not available to non-emerging growth
companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our Class A common stock
less attractive because we have relied on these exemptions. If some
investors find our Class A common stock less attractive as a result, there
may be less demand for our Class A common stock and the market price of our
Class A common stock may fall. The issuance of additional stock in
connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive
plans, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation that will be in effect upon completion
of this offering authorizes us to issue up to 1,500,000,000 shares of Class
A common stock, up to 150,000,000 shares of Class C common stock, and up to
100,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as
may be determined by our board of directors. Subject to compliance with
applicable rules and regulations, we may issue shares of Class A common
stock or securities convertible into shares of our Class A common stock from
time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investment, our
equity incentive plans, or otherwise. For example, in connection with our
pending acquisition of Adjust, we expect to issue a number of shares of our
Class A common stock determined by dividing $352.0 million by the 15-day
volume-weighted average trading price per share of our Class A common stock
ending on the thirtieth trading day following the date of this prospectus.
See the section titled “Description of Capital Stock—Adjust Stock” for
additional information. Any such issuance could result in substantial
dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the market price of our
Class A common stock to decline. Our multi-class stock structure, the Voting
Agreement, and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender
offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of
our Class A common stock. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will contain provisions that
may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the
following:
                                                                            
       our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement,     
       which provide the Class B Stockholders with the ability              
  •    to determine or significantly influence the outcome of matters       
       requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less  
       than a majority of the shares of our outstanding common stock;       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    vacancies on our board of directors will be able to be filled only   
       by our board of directors and not by stockholders;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a special meeting of our stockholders will only be able to be        
  •    called by a majority of our board of directors, the                  
       chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer,  
       or our President;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       advance notice procedures will apply for stockholders to nominate    
  •    candidates for election as directors or to bring                     
       matters before an annual meeting of stockholders;                    
                                                                            
63
                                                                            
  •    our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not       
       provide for cumulative voting;                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will allow     
       stockholders to remove directors only for cause;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will           
  •    authorize undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which           
       may be established and shares of which may be issued by our board    
       of directors, without further action by our stockholders;            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       after the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B  
       common stock represent less than a majority of the                   
       total combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our      
  •    Class B common stock (the Voting Threshold Date), our stockholders   
       will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and    
       will not be able to take action by written consent                   
       for any matter; and                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    certain litigation against us will only be able to be brought in     
       Delaware.                                                            
                                                                            
These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a
transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take
other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain
circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a
premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect
the market price of our Class A common stock. Our amended and restated
bylaws will designate a state or federal court located within the State of
Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States as the
exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our
stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or
employees. Our amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, will provide that,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i)
any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our
directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any
action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended
and restated bylaws, or (iv) any other action asserting a claim that is
governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of
the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have
jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in
all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable
parties named as defendants, and provided that this exclusive forum
provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the Exchange Act. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such
Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have
jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims
in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings
by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated
bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the United States of
America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a
cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning (or continuing to
hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have
notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we
believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws
in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum
provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability 64

to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or
any of our directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may
discourage lawsuits with respect to such
claims against us and our current and former directors, officers,
stockholders, or other employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to
have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder as a
result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court
finds either exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and restated
bylaws to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur
additional costs associated
with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our
results of operations.

65

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-
looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial
or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,”
“expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,”
“contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue”
or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that
concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus include statements about:
                                                                            
       our future financial performance, including our expectations         
  •    regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, and operating                
       expenses, and our ability to achieve or maintain future              
       profitability;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our         
       liquidity needs;                                                     
                                                                            
                                              
  •    the demand for our Software and Apps;  
                                              
                                                                      
  •    our ability to attract and retain business clients and users;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       our ability to develop new products, features, and enhancements for  
  •    our Core Technologies and Software and to launch or                  
       acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in          
       existing and new markets and offerings;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and      
  •    assets and to expand and diversify our operations                    
       through strategic acquisitions and partnerships;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain the security and availability of our Core    
       Technologies, Software, and Apps;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing    
  •    laws and regulations, including with respect to                      
       taxation and privacy and data protection;                            
                                                                            
                                                                 
  •    our ability to manage risk associated with our business;  
                                                                 
                                                             
  •    our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;  
                                                             
                                                      
  •    our ability to develop and protect our brand;  
                                                      
                                                          
  •    our expectations and management of future growth;  
                                                          
                                                                      
  •    our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;  
                                                                      
                                                                       
  •    our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual        
       property;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    the increased expenses associated with being a public company; and  
                                                                           
                                                                 
  •    our anticipated uses of net proceeds from this offering.  
                                                                 
We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-
looking statements made in this prospectus. You should not rely upon
forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based
the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus primarily on our
current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we
believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking
statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including
those 66

described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this
prospectus. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing
environment. New risks and uncertainties
emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks
and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus. We cannot assure you that the
results, events, and circumstances
reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and
actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those
described in the forward-looking statements.

Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and
completeness of any of these forward-looking statements.
Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this prospectus relate only
to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this prospectus
to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this prospectus or to reflect new
information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by
law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations
disclosed in our forward-looking
statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking
statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential
impact of any future acquisitions, partnerships, mergers, dispositions,
joint ventures, or investments
we may make.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our
beliefs and opinions on the
relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to
us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe such information
forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be
limited or incomplete, and
our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an
exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are
cautioned not to unduly rely
upon these statements.

67

INDUSTRY, MARKET, AND OTHER DATA Unless otherwise indicated, estimates and
information contained in this prospectus concerning our industry and the
market in which we operate, including our general expectations, market
position, market opportunity, and market size, are based on industry
publications and reports generated by third-party providers, other publicly
available studies, and our internal sources and estimates. This information
involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not
to give undue weight to such estimates. Although we are responsible for all
of the disclosure contained in this prospectus and we believe the
information from the industry publications and other third-party sources
included in this prospectus is reliable, we have not independently verified
the accuracy or completeness of the data contained in such sources. The
content of, or accessibility through, the below sources and websites, except
to the extent specifically set forth in this prospectus, does not constitute
a portion of this prospectus and is not incorporated herein and any websites
are an inactive textual reference only. The sources of the statistical data,
estimates, and market and industry data contained in this prospectus include
App Annie and Sensor Tower, as well as the sources provided below:
                                             
  •    App Annie, The State of Mobile 2019;  
                                             
                                             
  •    App Annie, The State of Mobile 2020;  
                                             
                                                                            
  •    eMarketer, Average US Time Spent with Mobile in 2019 Has Increased,  
       June 2019;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    International Data Corporation, Worldwide Mobile In-Game             
       Advertising Forecast, 2020-2024, December 2020;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    International Data Corporation, Worldwide Mobile and Handheld        
       Gaming Forecast, 2020–2024, March 2020;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Sensor Tower, The Top 1% of App Publishers Generate 80% of All New   
       App Installs, November 2019;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Statista, Number of apps available in leading app stores as of 3rd   
       quarter 2020; and                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Statista, Number of available apps in the Apple App Store from 2008  
       to 2020.                                                             
                                                                            
The industry in which we operate is subject to a high degree of uncertainty
and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. These and
other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed
in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 68

USE OF PROCEEDS

We estimate that the net proceeds from the sale by us of shares of our Class
A common stock in this offering will be approximately
$ , based upon the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share,
which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price
range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and after deducting
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering
expenses payable by us. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of
Class A common stock by the
selling stockholder.

Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price
of
$ per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range set
forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would
increase or decrease the net proceeds that we receive from this offering by
approximately $ million, assuming that the number of shares of Class A
common stock offered, as set forth on
the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting the
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions payable by us. Similarly,
each increase or decrease of 1.0 million in the number of shares of our
Class A common stock
offered would increase or decrease the net proceeds that we receive from
this offering by approximately $ million, assuming the assumed initial
public offering price remains the same
and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions
payable by us.

The principal purposes of this offering are
to increase our capitalization and financial flexibility, create a public
market for our Class A common stock, facilitate an orderly distribution of
shares for the selling stockholder, and enable access to the public equity
markets for us and our
stockholders.

We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from this offering for general
corporate purposes, including working
capital, operating expenses and capital expenditures. We intend to use
approximately $400.0 million of the net proceeds from this offering to repay
the entire outstanding amount under our revolving credit facility. See the
section titled
“Underwriters (Conflicts of Interest)” for additional information.
Additionally, we expect to use a portion of the net proceeds we receive from
this offering to enter into strategic acquisitions and partnerships.
However, other than our
pending acquisition of Adjust, we do not have definitive agreements or
commitments for any material acquisitions or partnerships at this time.

We cannot further specify with certainty the particular uses of the net
proceeds that we will receive from this offering. Accordingly,
we will have broad discretion in using these proceeds. Pending the use of
proceeds from this offering as described above, we may invest the net
proceeds that we receive in this offering in short-term, investment grade,
interest-bearing instruments.

69

DIVIDEND POLICY

We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future
determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of
our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a
number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements,
contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors
that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, the terms of our
credit agreement place certain limitations on the amount of cash dividends
we can pay, even if no
amounts are currently outstanding. See the section titled “Description of
Certain Indebtedness” for additional information.

70

CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth cash and cash equivalents, as
well as our capitalization, as of December 31, 2020 as follows:
                            
  •    on an actual basis;  
                            
                                                                            
       on a pro forma basis, giving effect to (i) the Capital Stock         
       Conversions, as if such conversions had occurred on                  
       December 31, 2020, (ii) the filing and effectiveness of our amended  
       and restated certificate of incorporation that will become           
       effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering,      
       (iii) the increase in our senior secured term                        
  •    loan facility by $300.0 million, as if such transaction had          
       occurred on December 31, 2020, (iv) the borrowing of an additional   
       $250.0 million under our revolving credit facility, which we expect  
       to close on March 31, 2021, as if such                               
       transaction had occurred on December 31, 2020 (such transactions in  
       clauses (iii) and (iv), the Recent Debt Transactions), and (v) the   
       Class B Exchange, as if such exchange had occurred on December 31,   
       2020; and                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       on a pro forma as adjusted basis, giving effect to (i) the pro       
       forma adjustments set forth above, (ii) the                          
       sale and issuance by us of            shares of our Class A common   
       stock in this offering, based upon the assumed initial public        
       offering price of                                                    
       $           per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated        
       offering price range set forth on the cover page of this             
       prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts     
       and commissions                                                      
  •    and estimated offering expenses payable by us (with respect to       
       these offering expenses, $2.7 million had been paid at December 31,  
       2020 and $0.9 million had been accrued as of December 31, 2020),     
       (iii) the sale by the                                                
       selling stockholder of            shares of our Class A common       
       stock in this offering (including the conversion of such shares      
       from Class B common stock to Class A common stock in                 
       connection with such sale), and (iv) the application of the          
       estimated net proceeds from the offering, as described in the        
       section titled “Use of Proceeds.”                                    
                                                                            
71

The pro forma as adjusted information set forth in the table below is
illustrative only and will be adjusted based on the actual initial public
offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing. You
should read this table together with our consolidated financial statements
and the related notes, our unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations, and the sections titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and
Other Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” that are included elsewhere in this prospectus.
                                                                            
                           As of                                            
                    December 31,                                            
                            2020                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          Actual           Pro forma          Pro forma as  
                                                              adjusted(1)   
                             -in                                            
                      thousands,                                            
                      except for                                            
                       share and                                            
                       per share                                            
                            data                                            
  Cash and                                                                  
  cash           $       317,235       $     863,741       $                
  equivalents                                                               
  Long-term      $     1,599,200       $   2,164,368       $                
  debt                                                                      
  Stockholde…                                                               
  equity                                                                    
  (deficit):                                                                
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred                                                                 
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003                                                                  
  per share:                                                                
  109,090,908                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued and             399,589                   —          —             
  outstandin…                                                               
  actual; no                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstandin…                                                               
  pro forma                                                                 
  and pro                                                                   
  forma as                                                                  
  adjusted                                                                  
  Preferred                                                                 
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003                                                                  
  per share:                                                                
  no shares                                                                 
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstandin…                                                               
  actual;                      —                   —          —             
  100,000,000                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  no shares                                                                 
  issued and                                                                
  outstandin…                                                               
  pro forma                                                                 
  and pro                                                                   
  forma as                                                                  
  adjusted                                                                  
  Class A                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003                                                                  
  per share:                                                                
  386,400,000                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  183,800,251                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  issued                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  outstandin…                                                               
  actual;                                                                   
  1,500,000,…                  6                   6                        
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  185,033,746                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  issued and                                                                
  outstandin…                                                               
  pro forma;                                                                
  and                                                                       
  1,500,000,…                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  issued and                                                                
  outstandin…                                                               
  pro forma                                                                 
  as adjusted                                                               
  Class B                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003                                                                  
  per share:                                                                
  no shares                                                                 
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstandin…                                                               
  actual;                                                                   
  200,000,000                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  150,421,563                  —                   5                        
  shares                                                                    
  issued and                                                                
  outstandin…                                                               
  pro forma;                                                                
  and                                                                       
  200,000,000                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  issued and                                                                
  outstandin…                                                               
  pro forma                                                                 
  as                                                                        
  adjusted.                                                                 
  Class C                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003                                                                  
  per share:                                                                
  no shares                                                                 
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstandin…                                                               
  actual;                      —                   —          —             
  150,000,000                                                               
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  no shares                                                                 
  issued and                                                                
  outstandin…                                                               
  pro forma                                                                 
  and pro                                                                   
  forma as                                                                  
  adjusted                                                                  
  Class F                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003                                                                  
  per share:                                                                
  43,200,000                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  42,564,150                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  issued                       1                   —          —             
  and                                                                       
  outstandin…                                                               
  actual; no                                                                
  shares                                                                    
  authorized,                                                               
  issued, and                                                               
  outstandin…                                                               
  pro forma                                                                 
  and pro                                                                   
  forma as                                                                  
  adjusted                                                                  
  Additional                                                                
  paid-in                453,655             853,240                        
  capital                                                                   
  Accumulated                                                               
  other                      604                 604                        
  comprehens…                                                               
  loss                                                                      
  Accumulated         (1,012,400  )       (1,031,062  )                     
  deficit                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  stockholde…           (158,545  )         (177,207  )                     
  equity                                                                    
  (deficit)                                                                 
  Total          $     1,440,655       $   1,987,161       $                
  capitaliza…                                                               
                                                                            
72
                                                                            
       Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public        
       offering price of                                                    
       $                     per share, which is the midpoint of the        
       estimated offering price range set forth on the cover page of this   
       prospectus, would                                                    
       increase or decrease the amount of our pro forma as adjusted cash    
       and cash equivalents, additional paid-in capital, total              
       stockholders’ equity (deficit), and total capitalization by          
       $                     million, assuming that the number of shares    
       of Class A common stock offered, as set forth on the cover page of   
  (1)  this                                                                 
       prospectus, remains the same and after deducting estimated           
       underwriting discounts and commissions payable by us. An increase    
       or decrease of 1.0 million shares in the number of shares offered    
       by us would increase or decrease, as applicable, the                 
       amount of our pro forma as adjusted cash and cash equivalents,       
       additional paid-in capital, total stockholders’ equity (deficit),    
       and total capitalization by                                          
       $                     million, assuming the assumed initial public   
       offering price remains the same, and after deducting estimated       
       underwriting                                                         
       discounts and commissions payable by us.                             
                                                                            
The pro forma and pro forma as adjusted columns in the table above are based
on 185,033,746 shares of our Class A common stock, 150,421,563 shares of our
Class B common stock, and no shares of our Class C common stock outstanding
as of December 31, 2020 (after giving effect to the Capital Stock
Conversions and the Class B Stock Exchange), and exclude the following:
                                                                            
       20,867,025 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the      
  •    exercise of options to purchase shares of our                        
       Class A common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, with a     
       weighted-average exercise price of $6.25 per share;                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       254,200 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the         
  •    exercise of options to purchase shares of our                        
       Class A common stock granted after December 31, 2020, with a         
       weighted-average exercise price of $27.03 per share;                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,424,256 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the       
  •    exercise of warrants to purchase Class A common                      
       stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, with a weighted-average   
       exercise price of $11.48 per share;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any shares of our Class A common stock issuable following this       
  •    offering upon conversion of an outstanding                           
       convertible security;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any shares of our Class A common stock to be issued in connection    
       with the pending acquisition of Adjust;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the effect of the transactions described in the section titled       
  •    “Certain Relationships and Related Party                             
       Transactions—Other Transactions;” and                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       47,190,000 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future    
  •    issuance under our equity compensation plans,                        
       consisting of:                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       39,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for     
  •    future issuance under our 2021 Plan, which will                      
       become effective prior to the completion of this offering;           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       390,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for        
  •    future issuance under our 2021 Partner Plan, which will              
       become effective prior to the completion of this offering; and       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,800,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for      
  •    future issuance under our ESPP, which will become                    
       effective prior to the completion of this offering.                  
                                                                            
Our 2021 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the
number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved thereunder, and our
2021 Plan will also provide for increases to the number of shares of our
Class A common stock that may be granted thereunder based on shares under
our 2011 Plan that expire, are tendered to or withheld by us for payment of
an exercise price or for satisfying tax withholding obligations, or are
forfeited or otherwise repurchased by us. See the sections titled “Executive
Compensation—Employee Benefit and Stock Plans,” “Description of Capital
Stock—Convertible Security,” and “Description of Capital Stock—Adjust Stock”
for additional information. 73

In addition, following the completion of this offering, we may issue up to
2,360,400 shares of Class B common stock in exchange for an equivalent
number of shares of Class A common stock (after giving effect to the Capital
Stock Conversions) pursuant to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement.

74

DILUTION If you invest in our Class A common stock in this offering, your
ownership interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between
the initial public offering price per share of our Class A common stock and
the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common
stock immediately after this offering. Net tangible book value (deficit) per
share is determined by dividing our total tangible assets less our total
liabilities by the number of shares of our Class A common stock outstanding
(not including any shares of our convertible preferred stock). Our
historical net tangible deficit as of December 31, 2020 was $(1.5) billion,
or $(6.62) per share. Our pro forma net tangible book value as of December
31, 2020 was $(1.5) billion, or $(4.52) per share, based on the total number
of shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, after
giving effect to the Capital Stock Conversions, the Class B Stock Exchange,
the Recent Debt Transactions, and the filing and effectiveness of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation that will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering. After giving effect to
the sale of by us of shares of our Class A common stock in this offering at
the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the
midpoint of the estimated offering price range set forth on the cover page
of this prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and
commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, and the
application of estimated net proceeds from the offering, as described in the
section titled “Use of Proceeds,” our pro forma as adjusted net tangible
book value as of December 31, 2020 would have been $ million, or $ per
share. This represents an immediate increase in pro forma net tangible book
value of $ per share to our existing stockholders and an immediate dilution
in pro forma net tangible book value of $ per share to investors purchasing
shares of our Class A common stock in this offering at the assumed initial
public offering price. The following table illustrates this dilution:
                                                                            
  Assumed initial public offering price per share                           
  Historical net tangible deficit per share as of                           
  December 31, 2020                                          (6.62  )       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Increase per share attributable to the                      2.10          
  pro forma adjustments described above                                     
  Pro forma net tangible book value per                      (4.52  )       
  share as of December 31, 2020                                             
  Increase in pro forma net tangible book value per                         
  share attributable to new investors purchasing          $                 
  shares of                                                                 
  Class A common stock in this offering                                     
  Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book                                   
  value per share immediately after this                                    
  offering                                                                  
  Dilution in pro forma net tangible book                                   
  value per share to new investors in this                               $  
  offering                                                                  
                                                                            
The dilution information discussed above is illustrative only and may change
based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this
offering. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public
offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated
offering price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would
increase or decrease, as applicable, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible
book value per share to new investors by $ , and would increase or decrease,
as applicable, dilution per share to new investors purchasing shares of
Class A common stock in this offering by $ , assuming that the number of
shares of Class A common stock offered, as set forth on the cover page of
this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting estimated underwriting
discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.
Similarly, each increase or decrease of 1.0 million shares in the number of
shares of our Class A common stock offered by us would increase or decrease,
as applicable, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value by
approximately $ per share and decrease or increase, as applicable, the
dilution to new investors purchasing shares of Class A 75

common stock in this offering by $ per share, assuming the assumed initial
public offering price remains the same, and after deducting estimated
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by us. The following table presents, as of December 31, 2020, after
giving effect to the Capital Stock Conversions and the Class B Stock
Exchange, the differences between the existing stockholders and the new
investors purchasing shares of our Class A common stock in this offering
with respect to the number of shares purchased from us, the total
consideration paid or to be paid to us, which includes net proceeds received
by us from the issuance of our Class A common stock, and the average price
per share paid or to be paid to us at the assumed initial public offering
price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price
range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, before deducting
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering
expenses:
                                                                            
                                          Total                             
                                        Consid…                     Avera…  
             Shares                      Amount                      Price  
            Purcha…                         (in                        Per  
             Number    Percent          thousa…    Percen…           Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Exist…    335,45…             %    $  688,836             %    $    2.05  
  stock…                                                                    
  New                                                                       
  inves…                                                                    
  Totals                   100  %    $                 100  %               
                                                                            
Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price
of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range
set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would increase or decrease,
as applicable, the total consideration paid by new investors and total
consideration paid by all stockholders by $ million, assuming that the
number of shares of Class A common stock offered, as set forth on the cover
page of this prospectus, remains the same and before deducting estimated
underwriting discounts and commissions. Similarly, each increase or decrease
of 1.0 million in the number of shares of our Class A common stock offered
by us would increase or decrease the total consideration paid by new
investors and total consideration paid by all stockholders by $ million,
assuming the assumed initial public offering price remains the same and
before deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions. The
foregoing table and preceding paragraph do not reflect any sales by the
selling stockholder in this offering. Sales by the selling stockholder in
this offering will cause the number of shares held by existing stockholders
to be reduced to shares, or approximately % of the total number of shares of
our common stock outstanding after this offering, and will increase the
number of shares held by new investors to shares, or approximately % of the
total number of shares of our common stock outstanding after this offering.
Except as otherwise indicated, the above discussion and tables assume no
exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. If the underwriters’
over-allotment is exercised in full, our existing stockholders would own %
and our new investors would own % of the total number of shares of our Class
A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding upon completion of this
offering. The number of shares of our Class A common stock, Class B common
stock, and Class C common stock that will be outstanding after this offering
is based on 185,033,746 shares of our Class A common stock, 150,421,563
shares of our Class B common stock, and no shares of our Class C common
stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020 (after giving effect to the
Capital Stock Conversions and the Class B Stock Exchange), and excludes:
                                                                            
       20,867,025 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the      
  •    exercise of options to purchase shares of our                        
       Class A common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, with a     
       weighted-average exercise price of $6.25 per share;                  
                                                                            
76
                                                                            
       254,200 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the         
  •    exercise of options to purchase shares of our                        
       Class A common stock granted after December 31, 2020, with a         
       weighted-average exercise price of $27.03 per share;                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,424,256 shares of our Class A common stock issuable upon the       
  •    exercise of warrants to purchase Class A common                      
       stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020, with a weighted-average   
       exercise price of $11.48 per share;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any shares of our Class A common stock issuable following this       
  •    offering upon conversion of an outstanding                           
       convertible security;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any shares of our Class A common stock to be issued in connection    
       with the pending acquisition of Adjust;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the effect of the transactions described in the section titled       
  •    “Certain Relationships and Related Party                             
       Transactions—Other Transactions;” and                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       47,190,000 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future    
  •    issuance under our equity compensation plans,                        
       consisting of:                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       39,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for     
  •    future issuance under our 2021 Plan, which will                      
       become effective prior to the completion of this offering;           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       390,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for        
  •    future issuance under our 2021 Partner Plan, which will              
       become effective prior to the completion of this offering; and       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       7,800,000 shares of our Class A common stock to be reserved for      
  •    future issuance under our ESPP, which will become                    
       effective prior to the completion of this offering.                  
                                                                            
Our 2021 Plan and ESPP each provides for annual automatic increases in the
number of shares of our Class A common stock reserved thereunder, and our
2021 Plan will also provide for increases to the number of shares of our
Class A common stock that may be granted thereunder based on shares under
our 2011 Plan that expire, are tendered to or withheld by us for payment of
an exercise price or for satisfying tax withholding obligations, or are
forfeited or otherwise repurchased by us. See the sections titled “Executive
Compensation—Employee Benefit and Stock Plans,” “Description of Capital
Stock—Convertible Security,” and “Description of Capital Stock—Adjust Stock”
for additional information. Following the completion of this offering, we
expect to issue up to 1.75% of the authorized shares under our 2021 Plan to
certain key management, current and acquired company employees, and Partner
Studio employees. In addition, we may issue up to 2,360,400 shares of Class
B common stock in exchange for an equivalent number of shares of Class A
common stock pursuant to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement. To the extent
that any outstanding options to purchase our Class A common stock or
warrants are exercised or new awards are granted under our equity
compensation plans, there will be further dilution to investors
participating in this offering. 77

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following selected
consolidated statement of operations data for 2019 and 2020 and the selected
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 have been
derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this prospectus. We have derived the selected consolidated
statement of operations data for 2018 from our audited consolidated
financial statements not included in this prospectus. Our historical results
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the
future. You should read the following selected consolidated financial and
other data below in conjunction with the section titled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and our
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations included
elsewhere in this prospectus. Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Income (Loss) Data
                                                                            
                    Year Ended                                              
                      December                                              
                           31,                                              
                          2018                 2019                2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           -in                                              
                    thousands,                                              
                    except for                                              
                     share and                                              
                     per share                                              
                       amounts                                              
  Revenue       $      483,363       $      994,104       $   1,451,086     
  Costs and                                                                 
  expenses:                                                                 
  Cost of               53,758              241,274             555,578     
  revenue(1…                                                                
  Sales and            166,799              481,781             627,796     
  marketing…                                                                
  Research                                                                  
  and                   16,270               44,966             180,652     
  developme…                                                                
  General                                                                   
  and                   14,854               31,712              66,431     
  administr…                                                                
  Lease                                                                     
  modificat…                                                                
  and                                                                       
  abandonme…                 —                    —               7,851     
  of                                                                        
  leasehold                                                                 
  improveme…                                                                
  Extinguis…                                                                
  of                                                                        
  acquisiti…           (10,763  )                 —              74,820     
  contingent                                                                
  considera…                                                                
  Total cost                                                                
  and                  240,918              799,733           1,513,128     
  expenses                                                                  
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)               242,445              194,371             (62,042  )  
  from                                                                      
  operations                                                                
  Other                                                                     
  income                                                                    
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest                                                                  
  expense                                                                   
  and loss            (484,644  )           (73,955  )          (77,873  )  
  on                                                                        
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other                                                                     
  income                 1,940                5,818               4,209     
  (expense),                                                                
  net                                                                       
  Total                                                                     
  other               (482,704  )           (68,137  )          (73,664  )  
  income                                                                    
  (expense)                                                                 
  Income                                                                    
  (loss)                                                                    
  before              (240,259  )           126,234            (135,706  )  
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Provision                                                                 
  for                                                                       
  (benefit              19,736                7,194              (9,772  )  
  from) for                                                                 
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income          (259,995  )           119,040            (125,934  )  
  (loss)                                                                    
  (Loss)                                                                    
  attributa…                                                                
  to                         —                    —                (747  )  
  noncontro…                                                                
  interest                                                                  
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributa…          (259,995  )           119,040            (125,187  )  
  to                                                                        
  AppLovin                                                                  
  sharehold…                                                                
  Less:                                                                     
  Income                                                                    
  attributa…                 —              (42,664  )                —     
  to                                                                        
  participa…                                                                
  securities                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributa…          (259,995  )            76,376            (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Bas…                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                                                                    
  attributa…    $     (259,995  )    $       76,561       $    (125,187  )  
  to common                                                                 
  stock—Dil…                                                                
  Net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributa…                                                                
  to common                                                                 
  stockhold…                                                                
  Basic         $        (1.37  )    $         0.36       $       (0.58  )  
  Diluted       $        (1.37  )    $         0.36       $       (0.58  )  
  Weighted                                                                  
  average                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  shares                                                                    
  used to                                                                   
  compute                                                                   
  net income                                                                
  (loss) per                                                                
  share                                                                     
  attributa…                                                                
  to common                                                                 
  stockhold…                                                                
  Basic            189,533,630          210,937,147          214,936,5…     
  Diluted          189,533,630          212,365,429          214,936,5…     
                                                                            
78
                                                                            
                              Year Ended                                    
                              December 31,                                  
                              2018                         2019       2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                              -in thousands, except for                     
                              share and per share                           
                              amounts                                       
  Pro forma net income                                                      
  (loss) per share                                                          
  attributable to common                                                    
  stockholders                                                              
  (unaudited):(3)                                                           
  Basic                                                            $        
  Diluted                                                          $        
  Pro forma weighted                                                        
  average common shares                                                     
  used to compute net                                                       
  income (loss) per share                                                   
  attributable to                                                           
  common stockholders                                                       
  (unaudited):(3)                                                           
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                            
                             Year Ended December                            
                                             31,                            
                                            2018         2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                   -in thousands                            
  Cost of revenue        $                   517    $     124    $     982  
  Sales and marketing                      2,582        1,922       10,668  
  Research and                             1,009        5,009       36,852  
  development                                                               
  General and                              1,357        3,167       13,885  
  administrative                                                            
  Total stock-based      $                 5,465    $  10,222    $  62,387  
  compensation                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                            Year Ended December                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2018         2019          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                  -in thousands                             
  Cost of revenue       $                 7,932    $  74,787    $  228,339  
  Sales and                                 495        7,641        11,587  
  marketing                                                                 
  Total amortization                                                        
  expense related to    $                 8,427    $  82,428    $  239,926  
  acquired                                                                  
  intangibles                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included         
       elsewhere in this prospectus for an explanation of                   
       the method used to compute the historical net income (loss) per      
       share and the number of shares used in the computation of the per    
       share amounts. Unaudited pro forma basic net loss per share          
       attributable to common stockholders is computed to give              
       effect to the automatic conversion of all outstanding shares of our  
       preferred stock into 109,090,908 shares of Class A common stock and  
       the automatic conversion of the convertible security issued in       
  (3)  connection with a strategic partnership with                         
       Athena FZE (see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements      
       included in this prospectus) into 588,235 shares of common stock at  
       $                     per share, which is the midpoint of the        
       estimated offering price range set forth on the cover page of this   
       prospectus                                                           
       multiplied by 0.8, weighted for the part of the year when the        
       convertible security was outstanding. An increase or decrease in     
       the assumed initial public offering price by $1.00 has no impact on  
       the pro forma loss per share.                                        
                                                                            
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data
                                                                            
                                Year Ended December                         
                                                31,                         
                                               2019                2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                      -in thousands                         
  Cash and cash           $                 396,247       $     317,235     
  equivalents                                                               
  Working capital(1)                        347,346              64,942     
  Total assets                            1,202,485           2,154,593     
  Total debt                              1,180,584           1,599,200     
  Convertible                               399,589             399,589     
  preferred stock                                                           
  Accumulated deficit                      (887,213  )       (1,012,400  )  
  Total stockholders’                      (256,567  )         (158,545  )  
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Working capital is defined as current assets less current            
       liabilities.                                                         
                                                                            
79

Non-GAAPFinancial Measures We review a number of operating and financial
metrics, including the following financial measures that were not prepared
in accordance with GAAP to evaluate our business. We use Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures as part of our
overall assessment of our performance, including the preparation of our
annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to evaluate the
effectiveness of our business strategies, and to communicate with our board
of directors concerning our financial performance.
                                                                            
                        Year Ended                                          
                      December 31,                                          
                              2018              2019              2020      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                               -in                                          
                        thousands,                                          
                            except                                          
                       percentages                                          
  Net income      $       (259,995  )     $  119,040       $  (125,934  )   
  (loss)                                                                    
  Adjusted        $        255,618        $  301,197       $   345,495      
  EBITDA                                                                    
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                     (53.8  )%          12.0  %           (8.7  )%  
  margin                                                                    
  Adjusted                                                                  
  EBITDA                      52.9  %           30.3  %           23.8  %   
  margin                                                                    
                                                                            
See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAPFinancial Measures” for a
description of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBTIDA margin and a
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly
comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. 80

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the section
titled “Selected Consolidated Financial and Other Data” and the consolidated
financial statements and the related notes, and our unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of operations included elsewhere in this
prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include those identified below and those discussed in the
section titled “Risk Factors” and other parts of this prospectus. Our
historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for any period in the future. Overview Our mission is to grow the
mobile app ecosystem by enabling the success of mobile app developers. Our
software solutions provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to grow
their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization
of their apps. Since inception, our platform has driven over six billion
mobile app installs for mobile app developers. Our software, coupled with
our deep industry knowledge and expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale a
successful and diversified portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and
partnership strategy. Our scaled and integrated business model sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive
advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong growth. Since
our founding in 2011, we have been focused on building a software-based
platform for mobile app developers to improve the marketing and monetization
of their apps. Our founders, who are mobile app developers themselves,
quickly realized the real impediment to success and growth in the mobile app
ecosystem was a discovery and monetization problem—breaking through the
congested app stores to efficiently find users and successfully grow their
business. Their first-hand experience with these developer challenges led to
the development of our infrastructure and software—AppLovin Core
Technologies and AppLovin Software. We capitalized on our success and
understanding of the mobile app ecosystem by launching AppLovin Apps in
2018. Our Apps now consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 200
free-to-playmobile games across five genres, run by twelve studios. As an
early leader in the mobile app ecosystem, we have achieved significant
growth through a number of milestones:
                                                                            
  •    2011: Designed and built the first generation of our Core            
       Technologies and Software.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2012: Introduced an early version of AppDiscovery, our marketing     
  •    Software solution, on Android. We launched                           
       AppDiscovery on iOS later that year.                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2014: Expanded internationally with our first office in Europe and   
  •    have since grown to fourteen offices                                 
       worldwide.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2017: Introduced additional developer services and tools offering    
  •    distributed development and creative services                        
       to develop and test ads.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2018: Launched AppLovin Apps by creating Lion Studios, and then      
  •    acquired PeopleFun, a mobile games studio;                           
       acquired or partnered with more than ten mobile game studios to      
       date.                                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2018: Strategically enhanced our Software by acquiring MAX, an       
  •    in-app                                                               
       bidding platform, which improves monetization on apps.               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2019: Added brand safety features to MAX by acquiring and            
  •    integrating SafeDK, and augmented MAX through the                    
       development of our Compass analytics tool.                           
                                                                            
81
                                                                            
       2020: Expanded our portfolio of casual mobile games, and also        
  •    diversified into the                                                 
       mid-core genre through the acquisition of Machine Zone.              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       2020: Launched our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine,      
  •    enhancing the efficacy of our marketing software                     
       solution, AppDiscovery.                                              
                                                                            
Revenue $1,500 $1,400 $1,200 $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200 $0 MILLIONS FOUNDED
2011 SCALED THE BUSINESS, TEAM, AND LARGE SCALE DATA INFRASTRUCTURE LAUNCHED
CONTEXTUAL AD NETWORK AppDiscovery 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 ADDED
PUBLISHING AND VERTICALLY INTEGRATED CONTENT AppLovin Apps $483 2018
LAUNCHED MONETIZATION SOLUTIONS MAX $994 2019 NEW ML-BASED RECOMMENDATION
ENGINE AXON $1451 2020 Our focus on building a market-leading software
platform, coupled with our unique approach to developing and growing our
Apps portfolio, has produced a business model characterized by rapid growth
and strong cash flow generation. Our revenue has grown at a 76% CAGR from
2016 to 2020. For 2020, our revenue grew 46% year-over-year from 2019, from
$994.1 million in 2019 to $1.45 billion in 2020. For 2019, our revenue grew
106% year-over-year from 2018, from $483.4 million in 2018 to $994.1 million
in 2019. We generated a net loss of $260.0 million in 2018, net income of
$119.0 million in 2019, and a net loss of $125.9 million in 2020. We
generated Adjusted EBITDA of $255.6 million, $301.2 million, and $345.5
million in 2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively. Additionally, we have
generated strong cash flows, with net cash provided by operating activities
of $139.0 million, $198.5 million, and $222.9 million in 2018, 2019, and
2020, respectively. This has allowed us to reinvest in our expansion and
growth and consummate strategic acquisitions and partnerships. See the
section titled “—Non-GAAPFinancial Measures” for a definition of Adjusted
EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the
most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with
GAAP. Our Business Model We collect revenue from two sources—business
clients and consumers. In 2020, Business Revenue represented 49% of total
revenue and Consumer Revenue represented 51% of total revenue. Business
Revenue We generate Business Revenue from fees paid by mobile app
advertisers, or business clients, that use our Software to grow and monetize
their apps. We also collect Business Revenue from business clients that
purchase the digital advertising inventory of our portfolio of Apps. We are
able to grow our Business Revenue by improving our Software, adding more
apps to our Apps portfolio and increasing engagement on our existing Apps.
82

Business clients include a wide variety of advertisers, from indie developer
studios to some of the largest global internet platforms, such as Facebook
and Google. While we have nearly 1,400 business clients as of December 31,
2020, the vast majority of our revenue is derived from our Enterprise
Clients. See “—Key Metrics” below for additional information on how we
calculate Enterprise Clients. Approximately 99% of our 2020 Business Revenue
came from our 172 Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2020. Our Enterprise
Clients had a Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate of approximately 118% in 2020.
6We see multiple opportunities to gain new business clients, and to increase
spend from existing business clients, as we help them grow their businesses
and make them more successful. Our Software includes AppDiscovery and MAX.
Business clients use AppDiscovery to automate, optimize, and manage their
user acquisition investments. They set marketing and user growth goals, and
AppDiscovery optimizes their ad spend in an effort to achieve their return
on advertising spend targets and other marketing objectives. AppDiscovery
comprises the vast majority of revenue from our Software. Revenue is
generated from our advertisers, typically on a performance-based, cost-per-
installbasis, and shared with our advertising publishers, typically on a
cost per impression model. Business clients use MAX to optimize purchases of
app ad inventory. The Compass Analytics tool within MAX provides insights to
manage against key performance indicators, understand the long-term value of
users, and help manage profitability. Revenue from MAX is generated based on
a percentage of client spend. As more developers move to in-appbidding
monetization, we expect growth in the adoption of, and revenue from, MAX.
Business clients that purchase advertising inventory from our Apps are able
to target highly relevant users from our diverse and global portfolio of
over 200 mobile games. Our clients leverage a broad set of high-performing
mobile ad formats, including playable and rewarded video, and are able to
match these ads with relevant users resulting in a better return on their
advertising spend. By increasing the number of users and their engagement,
as well as better matching ads with the appropriate target audience, we are
able to increase our revenue from business clients that purchase advertising
inventory from our Apps. Revenue from business clients related to our Apps
is generated from ads purchased by advertisers, as well as from revenue-
sharing agreements between some of our studios and a selection of third-
party studios for which they publish and monetize games. Business Client
Case Study: Geisha Tokyo Geisha Tokyo is an independent game studio located
in Japan, focused on casual games. Geisha was struggling to scale and
monetize their business, in particular on a global basis, and turned to us
for help. Geisha Tokyo deployed MAX to increase ad revenue in May 2019, and
within two weeks, its leading game, Traffic Run, saw a 31% increase in
average ad revenue per installation. Geisha Tokyo was then able to reinvest
its earnings into AppDiscovery, funding user acquisition campaigns to drive
even more users to its game. Traffic Run subsequently reached over two
million installs in those first two weeks and became a top 10 free game in
the U.S. app store rankings for iPhone. Several weeks after a significant
campaign push, Geisha Tokyo reached scale with AppDiscovery on MAX in August
2019. The combined effect of gaining more users and making more with MAX led
to a 101% increase in the studio’s daily average ad revenue for Traffic Run
when comparing the first two weeks of August to the last two weeks.
                                                                            
     We measure Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate in 2020 for our Enterprise  
     Clients as current period revenue divided by                           
     prior period revenue. Prior period revenue is measured as revenue in   
     2019 from our Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2019. Current      
     period revenue is revenue in 2020 from our Enterprise Clients as of    
     December 31, 2020, and excludes revenue                                
  6  from any new Enterprise Clients during 2020.                           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
83

Given this immediate success, Geisha Tokyo moved its entire portfolio of 78
games to
our software by December 2019. With the increased ad revenue across its full
portfolio of apps on our Software, Geisha Tokyo’s user acquisition spend on
our Software grew by 425% and our revenue from Geisha Tokyo increased by
133% when
comparing the month of December 2019 to the month of December 2020.

Consumer Revenue

Consumer Revenue is generated when a user of one of our Apps makes an in-app
purchase (IAP). Our
Apps are generally free-to-play mobile games and generate Consumer Revenue
through IAPs. IAPs consist of virtual goods used to enhance gameplay,
accelerate access to
certain features or levels, and augment other mobile game progression
opportunities for the user. IAPs drive more engagement and better economics
from our Apps. The vast majority of our IAP revenue flows through two app
stores, Apple App Store and
Google Play, which charge us a standard commission on IAPs.

During the three months ended December 31, 2020, we had an average
of 2.1 million Monthly Active Payers (MAPs) across our portfolio of Apps.
Over that period, we had an Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer
(ARPMAP) of $41. Leveraging the benefit of our integrated Platform and Apps,
we see opportunities to grow
our App-related revenue streams by increasing MAPs and expanding ARPMAP
within existing games and through new game development, acquisitions and
partnerships. See “—Key Metrics” below for additional information on how we
calculate
MAPs and ARPMAP.

84

Tokyo-based Geisha was struggling to scale and monetize their business on a
global basis, so they deployed AppLovin 360° solution. Installs driven in
2M+ ?TUV_VYQ_YGGMU i t ll QP_/#: 0 i t ll (1) WEEK 2 24’_&‘2.1;/‘06 101%
425% 78 games increase daily growth in in their portfolio, ad revenue(1) UA
spend(2) moved to AppLovin solutions (1) Increase in average daily ad
revenue from first half to second half of August, reflecting full deployment
of our Software. (2) Increase in Geisha Tokyo’s UA spend on our Software
from December 2019 to December 2020, after moving all games to AppLovin
solutions.

Key Metrics We review the following key metrics on a regular basis in order
to evaluate the health of our business, identify trends affecting our
performance, prepare financial projections, and make strategic decisions.
Enterprise Clients.We focus on the number of Enterprise Clients, which are
third-party business clients from whom we have collected greater than
$125,000 of revenue in the trailing 12 months to a given date. Enterprise
Clients generate the vast majority of our Business Revenue and Business
Revenue growth. We expect to increase the revenue from Enterprise Clients
over time. Revenue Per Enterprise Client (RPEC).We define RPEC as (i) the
total revenue derived from our Enterprise Clients in a twelve-month period,
divided by (ii) Enterprise Clients as of the end of that same period. RPEC
shows how efficiently we are monetizing each Enterprise Client. We expect to
increase RPEC over time as we enhance our Software and Apps. The following
table shows our Enterprise Clients as of December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020,
and our RPEC for 2018, 2019, and 2020.
                                                                            
                                        Year Ended                          
                                      December 31,                          
                                              2018        2019        2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Enterprise Clients                           192         167         172  
  Revenue Per Enterprise Client                                             
  (in                              $         2,184    $  3,515    $  4,081  
  thousands)                                                                
                                                                            
Monthly Active Payers ( M A P s).We define a MAP as a unique mobile device
active on one of our Apps in a month that completed at least one IAP during
that time period. A consumer who makes IAPs within two separate Apps on the
same mobile device in a monthly period will be counted as two MAPs. MAPs for
a particular time period longer than one month are the average MAPs for each
month during that period. We estimate the number of MAPs by aggregating
certain data from third-party attribution partners. Some of our Apps do not
utilize such third-party attribution partners, and therefore our MAPs figure
for any period does not capture every user that completed an IAP on our
Apps. We estimate that our counted MAPs generated approximately 98% of our
Consumer Revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020, and as such,
management believes that MAPs are still a useful metric to measure the
engagement and monetization potential of our games. We expect to increase
our MAPs over time as we increase the number of our Apps and enhance the
engagement and monetization of our Apps. Average Revenue Per Monthly Active
Payer (ARPMAP).We define ARPMAP as (i) the total Consumer Revenue derived
from our Apps in a monthly period, divided by (ii) MAPs in that same period.
ARPMAP for a particular time period longer than one month is the average
ARPMAP for each month during that period. ARPMAP shows how efficiently we
are monetizing each MAP. We expect to increase ARPMAP over time as we
enhance the monetization of our Apps. The following table shows our Monthly
Active Payers and Average Revenue Per Monthly Active Payer for 2018, 2019,
and 2020.
                                                                            
                                          Year Ended                        
                                        December 31,                        
                                                2018       2019       2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Monthly Active Payers                          0.3        1.0        1.5  
  (millions)                                                                
  Average Revenue Per Monthly        $            11    $    32    $    41  
  Active Payer                                                              
                                                                            
85

Non-GAAPFinancial Metrics

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin

We define Adjusted EBITDA for a particular period as net income (loss)
before interest expense and loss on settlement of debt, other
(income) expense, net, provision for (benefit from) income taxes,
amortization, depreciation and write-offs and as further adjusted for stock-
based compensation expense, acquisition-related expense, loss (gain) on
extinguishments of acquisition
related continent consideration, non-operating foreign exchange losses,
lease modification and abandonment of leasehold improvements, and change in
the fair value of contingent consideration. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin
as Adjusted EBITDA
divided by revenue for the same period.

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are key measures we use to assess
our
financial performance and are also used for internal planning and
forecasting purposes. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
are helpful to investors, analysts, and other interested parties because
they can assist in providing a
more consistent and comparable overview of our operations across our
historical financial periods. In addition, these measures are frequently
used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate and
assess performance. We use
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin in conjunction with GAAP measures
as part of our overall assessment of our performance, including the
preparation of our annual operating budget and quarterly forecasts, to
evaluate the effectiveness of our
business strategies, and to communicate with our board of directors
concerning our financial performance.

Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures and are presented for
supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered as
alternatives or substitutes to financial information
presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures have certain limitations
in that they do not include the impact of certain expenses that are
reflected in our consolidated statement of operations that are necessary to
run our business. Our
definitions may differ from the definitions used by other companies and
therefore comparability may be limited. In addition, other companies may not
publish these or similar metrics. Furthermore, these metrics have certain
limitations in that they
do not include the impact of certain expenses that are reflected in our
consolidated statement of operations that are necessary to run our business.
Thus, our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should be considered in
addition to, not as
substitutes for, or in isolation from, measures prepared in accordance with
GAAP.

86

The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
for 2018, 2019, and 2020, and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to
Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                            
                        Year Ended                                          
                      December 31,                                          
                              2018              2019              2020      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                               -in                                          
                        thousands,                                          
                            except                                          
                       percentages                                          
  Net income      $       (259,995  )     $  119,040       $  (125,934  )   
  (loss)                                                                    
  Adjusted as                                                               
  follows:                                                                  
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on                  484,644            73,955            77,873      
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other                                                                     
  (income)                  (1,940  )         (5,818  )         (6,183  )   
  expense, net                                                              
  Provision                                                                 
  for (benefit              19,736             7,194            (9,772  )   
  from) income                                                              
  taxes                                                                     
  Amortizatio…                                                              
  depreciation              16,061            92,806           254,951      
  and                                                                       
  write-offs                                                                
  Non-operati…                                                              
  foreign                        —                 —             1,210      
  exchange                                                                  
  losses                                                                    
  Stock-based                5,465            10,222            62,387      
  compensation                                                              
  Acquisition…               2,410             3,798             7,850      
  expense                                                                   
  Loss (gain)                                                               
  on                                                                        
  extinguishm…                                                              
  of                       (10,763  )              —            74,820      
  acquisition                                                               
  related                                                                   
  contingent                                                                
  considerati…                                                              
  Change in                                                                 
  the fair                                                                  
  value of                       —                 —               442      
  contingent                                                                
  considerati…                                                              
  Lease                                                                     
  modification                                                              
  and                                                                       
  abandonment                    —                 —             7,851      
  of                                                                        
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Adjusted        $        255,618        $  301,197       $   345,495      
  EBITDA                                                                    
  Net income                                                                
  (loss)                     (53.8  )%          12.0  %           (8.7  )%  
  margin                                                                    
  Adjusted                                                                  
  EBITDA                      52.9  %           30.3  %           23.8  %   
  margin                                                                    
                                                                            
In 2019 and 2020, our net income (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA included $0.2
million and $62.0 million related to the fair value adjustment of the
deferred revenue balance assumed as a result of the acquisitions of SafeDK
in 2019 and Machine Zone in 2020. Factors Affecting Our Performance We
believe that the future success of our business depends on many factors,
including the factors described below. While each of these factors presents
significant opportunities for our business, they also pose important
challenges that we must successfully address in order to continue to grow
profitably while maintaining strong cash flow. Continue to invest in
innovation We have made, and intend to continue to make, significant
investments in our Core Technologies and Software to enhance their
effectiveness and value proposition for our business clients. We expect that
these investments will require spending on research and development, and
acquisitions and partnerships related to technology components and products.
We believe investments in our Core Technologies, such as our launch of AXON
and acquisition of MAX, will further improve their effectiveness for
developers. Our investments will also allow us to enter new mobile app
sectors outside of gaming. While our investments in research and development
and acquisitions and partnerships may not result in revenue in the near
term, we believe these investments position us to increase our revenue over
time. Retain and grow existing business clients We rely on existing business
clients for a significant portion of our revenue. As we improve our Software
and Apps, we can attract additional spend from these business clients. Our
business clients 87

include indie studio developers and some of the largest mobile advertising
platforms in the world. We believe there is significant room for us to
further expand our relationships with these
clients and increase their usage of our Software. We have invested in
targeted sales and account-based marketing efforts to identify and showcase
opportunities to business clients and plan to continue to do so in the
future.

In the past, our business clients have generally increased their usage of
our Software and Apps, and as a result, growth from existing
business clients has been a primary driver of our revenue growth. Our
Enterprise Clients had a Net Dollar-Based Retention Rate of approximately
118% in 2020. We must continue to retain our existing business clients and
expand their spend with us
over time to continue to grow our revenue, increase profitability and drive
greater cash flow.

Add new business clients globally

Our future success depends in part on our ability to acquire new business
clients. We recently increased our focus on markets outside the
United States to serve the needs of business clients globally. In 2020, only
39% of our revenue from business clients was generated from outside of the
United States. We believe that the global opportunity is significant and
will continue to expand
as developers and advertisers outside the United States adopt our Software
and advertise on our Apps. We also see opportunities to acquire new business
clients outside of mobile gaming, as the capabilities of our Core
Technologies and Software are
relevant to the broader mobile app ecosystem. We are investing in direct
sales, product development, education, and other capabilities to drive
increased awareness and adoption of our Software and Apps, which investments
may impact our profitability
in the near term as we seek further scale. We must continue to acquire new
business clients to grow our revenue, increase profitability, and drive
greater cash flow.

Optimization, growth, and expansion of our AppLovin Apps

We plan to continue to invest in developing new Apps and enhancing existing
Apps. Because our Apps are typically free to download and
use, economically acquiring users and monetizing through advertising and
IAPs is critical to the future success of our Apps. We plan to launch
several new Apps per year, as well as continue to make investments by
acquiring and partnering with
studios in mobile gaming and other mobile app sectors.

Given our expertise in app marketing, we are able to pursue a
highly-optimized and scaled user acquisition investment playbook. For 2020,
we invested $627.8 million in sales and marketing, a large percentage of
which was invested in user acquisition to grow the number of users engaging
with our Apps. We
believe the scale, insights, and effective monetization strategies provided
through our Software and integrated business model allow us to optimize ad
spend across our portfolio of Apps. We also invest in the growth of our Apps
by improving in-game monetization, optimizing game economies and in-game
conversion, and opt-in business services, such as creative services and
localization. We must continue to optimize, grow, and expand our Apps
portfolio to grow our revenue, increase profitability, and drive greater
cash flow.

Continued execution of strategic acquisitions and partnerships

We intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions and enter into
strategic partnerships to grow our portfolio of Apps and add
complementary software and tools to our Core Technologies. Since the
beginning of 2018, we have invested over $1 billion in 15 strategic
acquisitions and partnerships with mobile app developers and for
technologies to enhance our Core
Technologies. We have been very successful in growing mobile apps that we
have added to our Apps portfolio. We estimate that a year after joining our
portfolio, Apps we acquired in 2018 and 2019 have increased their quarterly
revenue

88

over 100% on average. 7We have also invested strategically to enhance our
Core Technologies. For example, in 2018 we acquired MAX, an in-appbidding
platform, which improves monetization on apps. While we have a strong
pipeline of strategic acquisition and partnership opportunities, we believe
our future results of operations will be affected by our ability to continue
to identify and execute such transactions that are accretive to our growth
and profitability. Growth and structure of the mobile app ecosystem Our
business and results of operations will be impacted by industry factors that
drive overall performance of the mobile app ecosystem. The mobile app
ecosystem has grown rapidly in recent years. We expect that any
acceleration, or slowing, of this growth would affect our business and
results of operations. In addition, even if the mobile app ecosystem
continues to grow at its current rate, our ability to position ourselves
within the market will impact our business and results of operations. Mobile
app developers, including AppLovin, rely on third-party platforms, such as
the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, among others, to distribute
games, collect payments made for IAPs, and target users with relevant
advertising. We expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. These
third-party platforms have significant market power and discretion to set
platform fees, select which apps to promote, and decide how much consumer
information to provide to advertising networks that enable our Platform to
target users with personalized and relevant advertising and allocate
marketing campaigns in an efficient and cost-effective manner. Any changes
made in the policies of third-party platforms could drive rapid change
across the mobile app ecosystem. For example, in June 2020, Apple announced
a plan to overhaul IDFA, which anonymously profiles users for targeted
advertising, as part of a new proposed application tracking transparency
framework that, among other things, would require opt-in consent for certain
types of tracking. We rely in part on IDFA to provide us with data that
helps our Software better market and monetize Apps and to the extent we are
unable to utilize IDFA or a similar offering, our Software may not be as
effective, and we may not be able to continue to efficiently generate
revenue for our Apps. New tools for developers, industry standards, and
platforms may emerge in the future. We believe our focus on the mobile app
ecosystem has allowed us to understand the needs of our business clients and
our relentless innovation has enabled us to quickly adapt to changes in the
industry and pioneer new solutions. We must continue to innovate and stay
ahead of developments in the mobile app ecosystem in order for our business
to succeed and our results of operations to continue to improve. Definitive
Agreement to Acquire Adjust In February 2021, we signed a share purchase
agreement with Adjust, a leading mobile app attribution, measurement, and
analytics company in Germany, which we amended and restated in March 2021.
We have agreed to acquire all the outstanding shares of Adjust for an
estimated purchase price of approximately $1.0 billion, consisting of (i)
$598.0 million in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments; (ii)
a number of shares of our Class A common stock determined by dividing $352.0
million by the 15-day volume-weighted average trading price per share of our
Class A common stock ending on the thirtieth trading day following the date
of this prospectus; and (iii) the assumption of up to $40.0 million in the
aggregate of debt, accrued interest, and fees of Adjust, in each case upon
the terms and subject to the conditions of the share purchase agreement. The
Adjust acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions and is
expected to close in the second quarter of 2021. The acquisition of Adjust
will provide us with a set of strategic SaaS mobile marketing solutions that
expand our suite of innovative tools for mobile app developers. Adjust
tracks over $11.0 billion of mobile media spend through its platform and has
over 500 employees globally.
                                                                            
     Based on a comparison of unaudited revenue for such acquired Apps for  
  7  the three months prior to the acquisition against                      
     our revenue from such Apps in the same period in the subsequent year.  
                                                                            
89

Certain Summary Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
Comprehensive income Data The following table presents certain summary
consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income data
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board for Adjust for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 (unaudited):
                                                                        
                              Year Ended December 31,                   
                                                 2019          2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                    -in EUR thousands                   
  Revenue                                     €71,130    €   85,299     
  Total comprehensive loss                     40,307       (81,329  )  
                                                                        
Impact of COVID-19 The COVID-19pandemic and resulting social distancing and
shelter-in-placeorders put in place around the world have caused widespread
disruption in global economies, productivity, and financial markets and have
altered the way in which we conduct our day-to-daybusiness. As a result of
the COVID-19pandemic we have temporarily closed our offices around the
world, including our corporate headquarters in Palo Alto, California, and
implemented travel restrictions. Our Software and Apps do not require
physical interaction, thus, our ability to meet the needs of our clients and
users has not been materially affected. The full impact of the
COVID-19pandemic on the global economy and the extent to which the pandemic
may impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations in
the future remains uncertain. See the section titled “Risk Factors—The
COVID-19pandemic and responses thereto across the globe have altered how
individuals interact with each other and affected how we and our business
partners are operating, and the extent to which this situation will impact
our future results of operations remains uncertain” for additional
information. Components of Results of Operations Revenue We collect Business
Revenue from advertisers spending on our Software and Apps. Business Revenue
from our Software is generated from our advertisers, typically on a
performance-based, cost-per-installbasis, then shared with our advertising
publishers, typically on a cost per impression model. Business Revenue
generated from our Apps comes from advertisers that purchase ad inventory
from our diverse portfolio of Apps. Business Revenue from our Apps was 71%
of total Business Revenue in 2020. We generate Consumer Revenue from IAPs
made by users within our Apps. Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses Cost
of revenue.Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees for distribution partners, amortization of acquired
technology related intangible assets, and expenses associated with operating
our network infrastructure. Third-party payment processing fees relate to
Consumer Revenue. The fees for IAPs are processed and collected by third-
party distribution partners. Network operating costs include bandwidth,
energy, and other equipment costs related to our co-locateddata centers and
also to costs for third-party cloud service providers. We expect our cost of
revenue to increase in absolute dollars over the long term as our business
and revenue continue to grow. We also expect our cost of revenue as a
percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-period. 90

Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses, personnel-related expenses
for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation for employees
engaged in sales and marketing, and amortization of acquired user-related
intangible assets,
marketing programs, travel, customer service costs, and allocated facilities
and information technology costs.

We plan to continue
to invest in sales and marketing to grow our customer base and increase
brand awareness. As a result, we expect sales and marketing expenses to
increase in absolute dollars. We also expect our sales and marketing
expenses as a percentage of revenue
to fluctuate period-over-period in the near term as we invest to grow our
customer base and increase brand awareness, and to decrease over the long
term as we benefit from greater scale.

Research and development. Research and development expenses consist
primarily of product development costs, including
personnel-related expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based
compensation for employees engaged in research and development, professional
services costs related to development of new apps by third parties,
consulting costs, regulatory
compliance costs, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in research and
development to continue to enhance our Core Technologies and Software, and
to improve existing games and develop new games. As a result, we expect
research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars. We also
expect our research and
development expenses as a percentage of revenue to fluctuate period-over-
period in the near term as we invest to enhance our Core Technologies and
Software and improve our existing Apps and develop new Apps, and to decrease
over the long term as we
benefit from greater scale.

General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of costs
incurred to support our business, including personnel-related expenses for
salaries, employee benefits, and stock-based compensation for employees
engaged in finance, accounting, legal, human resources and administration,
professional services fees
for legal, accounting, recruiting, and administrative services, insurance,
travel, and allocated facilities and information technology costs.

We plan to continue to invest in our general and administrative function to
support the growth of our business. In addition, following
the completion of this offering, we expect to incur additional general and
administrative expenses as a result of operating as a public company,
including expenses related to compliance and reporting obligations of a
public company, and increased
insurance, investor relations expenses, and legal, audit, and consulting
fees. As a result, we expect general and administrative expenses to increase
in absolute dollars. We also expect our general and administrative expenses
as a percentage of
revenue to fluctuate period-over-period in the near term as we invest to
support the growth of our business, and to decrease over the long term as we
benefit from greater scale.

Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt. Interest expense and loss
on settlement of debt consists primarily of loss
related to debt extinguishment, interest expense associated with our
outstanding debt, including accretion of debt discount, and changes in fair
value of interest rate swap accounted for as a cash flow hedge related to
the stream of variable
interest payments associated with a portion of our outstanding debt.

Other income (expense), net.Other income (expense), net, includes interest
earned on our cash and cash equivalents, gains and losses related to
embedded derivatives and other financial instruments accounted for at fair
value, and foreign currency exchange gains (losses),
which consist primarily of remeasurement of transactions and monetary assets
and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency
at the end of the period.

91

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes.We are subject to income taxes in
the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. These
foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates than those in the
United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign earnings may also be
taxable in the United States. Accordingly, our effective tax rate will vary
depending on the relative proportion of foreign to domestic income, impacts
from acquisition restructuring, deduction benefits related to foreign-
derived intangible income, future changes in the valuation of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws. Additionally, our
effective tax rate can vary based on the amount of pre-tax income or loss.
Results of Operations The following tables summarize our consolidated
financial and other data. We have derived the summary consolidated statement
of operations data for 2019 and 2020 and summary consolidated balance sheet
data as of December 31, 2020 from our audited consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. We have derived the
summary consolidated statement of operations data for 2018 from our audited
consolidated financial statements not included in this prospectus.
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                                         
                               2018             2019               2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands                                         
  Revenue          $        483,363       $  994,104       $  1,451,086     
  Costs and                                                                 
  expenses:                                                                 
  Cost of                    53,758          241,274            555,578     
  revenue(1)(2)                                                             
  Sales and                 166,799          481,781            627,796     
  marketing(1)…                                                             
  Research and               16,270           44,966            180,652     
  development(…                                                             
  General and                14,854           31,712             66,431     
  administrati…                                                             
  Extinguishme…                                                             
  of                                                                        
  acquisition-…             (10,763  )             —             74,820     
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Lease                                                                     
  modification                                                              
  and                                                                       
  abandonment                                                     7,851     
  of                                                                        
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Total costs               240,918          799,733          1,513,128     
  and expenses                                                              
  Income (loss)                                                             
  from                      242,445          194,371            (62,042  )  
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on                  (484,644  )       (73,955  )         (77,873  )  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income                                                              
  (expense),                  1,940            5,818              4,209     
  net                                                                       
  Total other              (482,704  )       (68,137  )         (73,664  )  
  expense                                                                   
  Income (loss)                                                             
  before income            (240,259  )       126,234           (135,706  )  
  taxes                                                                     
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit                   19,736            7,194             (9,772  )  
  from) income                                                              
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income       $       (259,995  )    $  119,040       $   (125,934  )  
  (loss)                                                                    
                                                                            
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                            
                                      Year Ended                            
                                    December 31,                            
                                            2018         2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                   -in thousands                            
  Cost of revenue               $            517    $     124    $     982  
  Sales and marketing                      2,582        1,922       10,668  
  Research and development                 1,009        5,009       36,852  
  General and administrative               1,357        3,167       13,885  
  Total stock-based             $          5,465    $  10,222    $  62,387  
  compensation                                                              
                                                                            
92
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                     Year Ended                             
                                   December 31,                             
                                           2018         2019          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                  -in thousands                             
  Cost of revenue              $          7,932    $  74,787    $  228,339  
  Sales and marketing                       495        7,641        11,587  
  Total amortization                                                        
  expense related to           $          8,427    $  82,428    $  239,926  
  acquired intangibles                                                      
                                                                            
The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements
of operations for each of the periods presented as a percentage of revenue
(1):
                                                                            
                                    Year Ended                              
                                  December 31,                              
                                          2018        2019        2020      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                                  100  %      100  %      100  %   
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                           11  %       24  %       38  %   
  Sales and marketing                       35  %       48  %       43  %   
  Research and development                   3  %        5  %       12  %   
  General and administrative                 3  %        3  %        5  %   
  Extinguishments of                                                        
  acquisition-related                       (2  )%       —  %        5  %   
  contingent consideration                                                  
  Lease modification and                                                    
  abandonment of                             —  %        —  %        1  %   
  leasehold improvements                                                    
  Total costs and expenses                  50  %       80  %      104  %   
  Income (loss) from                        50  %       20  %       (4  )%  
  operations                                                                
  Other income (expense):                                                   
  Interest expense and loss on                                              
  settlement                              (100  )%      (7  )%      (5  )%  
  of debt                                                                   
  Other income (expense), net                0  %        1  %        0  %   
  Total other expense                     (100  )%      (7  )%      (5  )%  
  Income (loss) before income              (50  )%      13  %       (9  )%  
  taxes                                                                     
  Provision for (benefit from)                                              
  income                                     4  %        1  %       (1  )%  
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income (loss)                        (54  )%      12  %       (9  )%  
                                                                            
                                                                       
  (1)  Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.  
                                                                       
Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 Revenue
                                                                            
                             Year Ended                                     
                           December 31,                    2019 to 2020     
                                   2019            2020        % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                         -in thousands,                                     
                                 except                                     
                            percentages                                     
  Business          $           595,948    $    711,152              19  %  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Consumer                      398,156         739,934              86  %  
  Revenue                                                                   
  Total revenue     $           994,104    $  1,451,086              46  %  
                                                                            
Total revenue increased $457.0 million, or 46%, in 2020 compared to 2019 due
to an increase in Business Revenue of 19% and an increase in Consumer
Revenue of 86%. 93

Our Business Revenue increased by $115.2 million from 2019 to 2020. Our
revenue from Enterprise Clients drove the vast majority of this increase, as
revenue from Enterprise Clients represented 99% of Business Revenue in 2020.
RPEC increased from approximately $3.5 million to $4.1 million from 2019 to
2020, while the number of Enterprise Clients increased from 167 to 172 over
the same period. The increase in our Business Revenue from Apps of $106.2
million was primarily as a result of increased advertising revenue from Apps
acquired in 2020 which contributed 57% of the increase, as well as increased
advertising revenue from our existing Apps and new Apps developed by our
Owned and Partner Studios, which together contributed 43% of the increase.
Our Business Revenue from Apps grew due to a 27% increase in the volume of
advertising impressions in 2020 compared to 2019 while price per advertising
impression remained consistent with 2019. Our Business Revenue from our
Software increased by $9.0 million from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to a 45%
increase in installations, partially offset by a 34% decrease in price per
installation. Our Business Revenue from our Software was also negatively
impacted by increased usage of advertising inventory by our growing
portfolio of Owned Studios and Partner Studios as this inventory was
consumed by such studios rather than being sold to third-parties. Usage of
advertising inventory by our Owned Studios and Partner Studios represented
22% of installations in 2020. We do not recognize Business Revenue from
transactions with our Owned Studios and Partner Studios. Our Consumer
Revenue increased by $341.8 million from 2019 to 2020, primarily due to a
41% increase in the volume of in-app purchases, as well as a 32% increase in
price per in-app purchase. Apps acquired during 2020 generated $194.7
million of the increase, with Apps that were part of our portfolio prior to
the beginning of 2020 and newly developed Apps accounting for the remainder.
Cost of revenue
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2019 to 2020     
                               2019             2020           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Cost of          $        241,274       $  555,578                130  %  
  revenue                                                                   
  Percentage of                  24  %            38  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Cost of revenue increased by $314.3 million, or 130%, in 2020 compared to
2019. The increase was primarily due to a $153.6 million increase in
amortization of acquired-technology driven by an increase in acquisition
activity, a $112.0 million increase in third-party payment processing fees
as a result of the growth in Consumer Revenue, a $28.6 million increase in
expenses associated with operating our network infrastructure driven by the
growth in our operations, and a $10.4 million increase in professional
service fees. Sales and marketing
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2019 to 2020     
                               2019             2020           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Sales and        $        481,781       $  627,796                 30  %  
  marketing                                                                 
  Percentage of                  48  %            43  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Sales and marketing expenses increased by $146.0 million, or 30%, in 2020
compared to 2019. The increase was primarily due to a $115.1 million
increase in user acquisition costs, a $18.2 million increase in personnel-
related expenses primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation
due to higher fair value of our common stock and increase in headcount, and
a $7.0 million increase in professional service fees. 94

Research and development
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2019 to 2020     
                               2019             2020           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                     -in thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Research and    $          44,966       $  180,652                302  %  
  development                                                               
  Percentage                      5  %            12  %                     
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
Research and development expenses increased by $135.7 million, or 302%, in
2020 compared to 2019. The increase was primarily due to a $79.4 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to acquisitions, an
increase in stock-based compensation due to higher fair value of our common
stock and an increase in headcount, a $46.5 million increase in professional
services costs related to development of new games by third parties, and a
$4.6 million increase in rent and facilities costs. General and
administrative
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       2019 to 2020     
                                2019            2020           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  General and      $          31,712       $  66,431                109  %  
  administrati…                                                             
  Percentage of                    3  %            5  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
General and administrative expenses increased by $34.7 million, or 109%, in
2020 compared to 2019. The increase was primarily due to a $25.0 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily related to acquisitions and
an increase in stock-based compensation due to higher fair value of our
common stock, and a $6.7 million increase in professional service fees.
Extinguishments of acquisition-related contingent consideration In 2020, we
reached an agreement to amend the terms of an asset acquisition agreement to
settle the acquisition holdback and a portion of the earn-out due to the
seller 12 months following the acquisition’s closing in 2019. We agreed to
such amendment in order to provide equity ownership that would better align
the interests of the sellers with ours in light of their ongoing obligations
to us as part of a development and services agreement. We recorded an
extinguishment loss of $74.8 million in 2020 in connection with this
subsequent agreement and recognized a loss equal to the excess of the fair
value of consideration paid to the seller and the fair value of the
contingent consideration determined immediately prior to this amendment. We
agreed to settle for a combination of a cash payment of $3.4 million and
issuance of certain shares of our Class A common stock at a fair value of
$106.1 million as of the settlement date. Lease modification and abandonment
of leasehold improvements We recognized a net loss of $7.9 million in 2020
in connection with the termination of one of Machine Zone’s leases and the
write-off of leasehold improvements and other assets related to this real
estate lease. 95

Interest expense
                                                                            
                    Year Ended                                              
                    December 31,                           2019 to 2020     
                    2019                    2020               % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                    -in                                                     
                    thousands,                                              
                    except                                                  
                    percentages                                             
  Interest       $  (73,955        )     $  (77,873  )                5  %  
  expense                                                                   
  Percentage        (7             )%       (5       )%                     
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
Interest expense increased by $3.9 million, or 5%, in 2020 compared to 2019.
This increase was primarily due to higher interest expense related to term
loans issued in 2020. Other income (expense), net
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                      2019 to 2020      
                                2019           2020       % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Other income                                                              
  (expense),       $           5,818       $  4,209       (28           )%  
  net                                                                       
  Percentage of                    1  %           0  %                      
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Other income (expense), net decreased by $1.6 million, or 28%, in 2020
compared to 2019. The change is mainly due to a $1.2 million increase in
foreign exchange loss attributable to a license asset obligation assumed as
part of the Machine Zone acquisition, a $4.6 million decrease in interest
earned, a $1.5 million increase in remeasurement losses offset by a $5.7
million increase due to a term loan embedded derivative gain. Provision for
(benefit from) income taxes
                                                                            
                        Year Ended                                          
                      December 31,                        2019 to 2020      
                              2019          2020          % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                               -in                                          
                        thousands,                                          
                            except                                          
                       percentages                                          
  Provision                                                                 
  for (benefit    $          7,194       $  (9,772  )     (236          )%  
  from) income                                                              
  taxes                                                                     
  Percentage                     1  %       (1      )%                      
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
The change from a $7.2 million provision for income taxes in 2019 to a $9.8
million benefit from income taxes in 2020 is primarily due to pre-tax losses
in 2020 as compared to pre-tax income in 2019. Our benefit from income taxes
in 2020 was also impacted by foreign income taxed at different rates, a
change in foreign deferred tax rates resulting from restructuring of the
Company, a reduction in foreign-derived intangible income deduction, an
increase in non-deductible stock-based compensation expense, and an increase
in non-deductible loss related to extinguishments of acquisition-related
contingent consideration. 96

Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 Revenue
                                                                            
                               Year Ended                                   
                             December 31,                  2018 to 2019     
                                     2018          2019        % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           -in thousands,                                   
                                   except                                   
                              percentages                                   
  Business Revenue    $           429,256    $  595,948              39  %  
  Consumer Revenue                 54,107       398,156             636  %  
  Total revenue       $           483,363    $  994,104             106  %  
                                                                            
Total revenue increased $510.7 million, or 106%, in 2019 compared to 2018
due to an increase in Business Revenue of 39% and an increase in Consumer
Revenue of 636%. Our Business Revenue increased by $166.7 million from 2018
to 2019. Our revenue from Enterprise Clients drove the vast majority of this
increase, as revenue from Enterprise Clients represented 98% of Business
Revenue in 2019. RPEC increased from approximately $2.2 million to $3.5
million from 2018 to 2019, which more than offset the decrease in Enterprise
Clients from 192 to 167 over the same period. The increase in our Business
Revenue from Apps of $231.4 million was primarily as a result of increased
advertising revenue from our existing Apps and advertising revenue from new
Apps developed by our Owned Studios and Partner Studios, which together
contributed over 90% of the increase, as well as increased advertising
revenue from Apps acquired in 2019. Our Business Revenue from Apps grew due
to a 412% increase in the volume of advertising impressions in 2019 compared
to 2018, partially offset by a 53% decrease in price per advertising
impression. Our Business Revenue from our Software declined by $64.7 million
from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to a 57% decrease in price per installation,
partially offset by a 72% increase in installations. Our Business Revenue
from our Software was also negatively impacted by increased usage of
advertising inventory by our growing portfolio of Owned Studios and Partner
Studios as this inventory was consumed by such studios rather than being
sold to third-parties. Usage of advertising inventory by our Owned Studios
and Partner Studios represented 21% of installations in 2019. We do not
recognize Business Revenue from transactions with our Owned Studios and
Partner Studios. Our Consumer Revenue increased by $344.0 million from 2018
to 2019, primarily due to a 576% increase in the volume of in-app purchases,
as well as a 9% increase in price per in-app purchase. Apps acquired during
2019 generated $277.0 million of the increase, with Apps that were part of
our portfolio prior to the beginning of 2019 and newly developed Apps
accounting for the remainder. Cost of revenue
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2018 to 2019     
                               2018             2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Cost of          $         53,758       $  241,274                349  %  
  revenue                                                                   
  Percentage of                  11  %            24  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Cost of revenue increased $187.5 million, or 349%, in 2019 compared to 2018.
The increase was primarily due to a $105.7 million increase in third-party
payment processing fees as a result of the growth in Consumer Revenue, a
$66.7 million increase in amortization of acquired-technology driven by an
increase in acquisition activity, and a $6.9 million increase in expenses
associated with operating our network infrastructure driven by the growth in
our operations. 97

Sales and marketing
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                        2018 to 2019     
                               2018             2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                -in                                         
                         thousands,                                         
                             except                                         
                        percentages                                         
  Sales and        $        166,799       $  481,781                189  %  
  marketing                                                                 
  Percentage of                  35  %            48  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Sales and marketing expenses increased $315.0 million, or 189%, in 2019
compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $292.2 million
increase in user acquisition costs, a $9.9 million increase in professional
service fees, a $7.1 million increase in amortization of acquired intangible
assets driven by an increase in acquisition activity, a $3.3 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, and a $2.5 million increase in other advertising and marketing
expenses. Research and development
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       2018 to 2019     
                                2018            2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Research and     $          16,270       $  44,966                176  %  
  development                                                               
  Percentage of                    3  %            5  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Research and development expenses increased $28.7 million, or 176%, in 2019
compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to an $18.9 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, and a $9.2 million increase in professional services costs
related to development of new games by third parties. General and
administrative
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       2018 to 2019     
                                2018            2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  General and      $          14,854       $  31,712                113  %  
  administrati…                                                             
  Percentage of                    3  %            3  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
General and administrative expenses increased by $16.9 million, or 113%, in
2019 compared to 2018. The increase was primarily due to a $6.6 million
increase in personnel-related expenses primarily due to an increase in
headcount, a $4.0 million increase in professional service fees, and a $2.0
million write-offof certain intangible game assets. Extinguishments of
acquisition-related contingent consideration In March 2018, we closed the
acquisition of PeopleFun, Inc. In December 2018, we reached an agreement
with the sellers to amend the terms of an earn-out payment to provide for a
one-time payment of cash and the issuance of shares of our Class A common
stock. We recognized a gain of $10.8 million in 2018 in connection with this
subsequent agreement, representing the difference between the carrying value
of the contingent consideration liability and the fair value of the amended
payment. As the amendment to the terms of the earn-out payment was based on
facts and circumstances that did not exist as of the acquisition date, a
modification was made to the original terms and conditions, and we
recognized the gain in the period the amendment was made rather than
recording a change to the purchase price. 98

Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt
                                                                            
                    Year Ended                                              
                    December 31,                          2018 to 2019      
                    2018                   2019           % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                    -in                                                     
                    thousands,                                              
                    except                                                  
                    percentages                                             
  Interest                                                                  
  expense and                                                               
  loss on        $  (484,644      )     $  (73,955  )     (85           )%  
  settlement                                                                
  of debt                                                                   
  Percentage        (100          )%       (7       )%                      
  of revenue                                                                
                                                                            
Interest expense and loss on settlement of debt decreased by $410.7 million,
or 85%, in 2019 compared to 2018. This decrease was primarily due to a
$422.7 million loss related to debt extinguished in 2018, partially offset
by higher interest expense related to term loans issued in 2018 and 2019.
Other income (expense), net
                                                                            
                           Year Ended                                       
                         December 31,                      2018 to 2019     
                                 2018           2019           % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                       -in thousands,                                       
                               except                                       
                          percentages                                       
  Other income                                                              
  (expense),       $            1,940       $  5,818                200  %  
  net                                                                       
  Percentage of                     0  %           1  %                     
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Other income (expense), net increased by $3.9 million, or 200%, in 2019
compared to 2018 primarily due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents
and higher interest rates. Provision for income taxes
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                      2018 to 2019      
                                2018           2019       % Change          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands,                                        
                              except                                        
                         percentages                                        
  Provision for    $          19,736       $  7,194       (64           )%  
  income taxes                                                              
  Percentage of                    4  %           1  %                      
  revenue                                                                   
                                                                            
Provision for income taxes decreased by $12.5 million primarily due to a
reduction of a deferred tax liability resulting from restructuring of an
entity. Our income tax provision in 2019 was also impacted by foreign income
taxed at different rates, an increase in foreign-derived intangible income
deduction, and a reduction in global intangible low-taxed income. 99

Quarterly Results of Operations The following table sets forth our unaudited
quarterly consolidated results of operations for each of the quarterly
periods for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020. These unaudited
quarterly results of operations have been prepared on the same basis as our
audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus. In the opinion of management, the financial information set
forth in the table below reflects all normal recurring adjustments necessary
for the fair statement of results of operations for these periods. Our
historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected in the future and the results of a particular quarter or other
interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results for a full
year. You should read the following unaudited quarterly consolidated results
of operations in conjunction with the section titled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this prospectus.
                                                                            
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                     $           …      $           …      $           …    
                                                                            
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 —                  …                  —    
                                 —                  —                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …           )      …    
                                                                            
                          )      …           )      …           )      …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                          )      …           )      …           )      …    
                                 …                  …           )      …    
                                 …                  …           )      …    
                                 …                  …           )      …    
                                                                            
                                                              
  (1)  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:  
                                                              
                                                                            
          T…                                                                
          M…                                                                
          E…                                                                
          M…       J…       S…       D…       M…       J…       S…       …  
          3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       …  
          2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       …  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
          -…                                                                
          t…                                                                
  …                                                                         
  …    $  30    $  30    $  31    $  33    $  29    $  49    $  1…    $  …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       4…       5…       5…       3…       4…       7…       1…       …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       1…       1…       1…       1…       1…       2…       6…       …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       8…       6…       5…       1…       1…       1…       2…       …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …       2…       2…       2…       2…       3…       5…       1…       …  
  …                                                                         
                                                                            
100
                                                                            
  (2)  Includes amortization expense related to acquired intangibles as     
       follows:                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
          T…                                                                
          M…                                                                
          E…                                                                
          M…       J…       S…       D…       M…       J…       S…       …  
          3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       …  
          2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       …  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
          -…                                                                
          t…                                                                
  …                                                                         
  …    $  1…    $  1…    $  2…    $  2…    $  2…    $  4…    $  6…    $  …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        —       2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       3…       …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …    $  1…    $  1…    $  2…    $  2…    $  3…    $  4…    $  6…    $  …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
                                                                            
The following table sets forth the components of our unaudited quarterly
consolidated results of operations for each of the periods presented as a
percentage of revenue (1):
                                                                            
      T…                                                                    
      M…                                                                    
      E…                                                                    
      M…       J…       S…       D…       M…       J…       S…       D…     
      3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       3…       3…     
      2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       2…       2…     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
      1…  %    1…  %    1…  %    1…  %    1…  %    1…  %    1…  %    1…  %  
                                                                            
      22  %    22  %    26  %    26  %    29  %    39  %    43  %    39  %  
      51  %    46  %    49  %    48  %    49  %    45  %    40  %    41  %  
       3  %     4  %     5  %     6  %     7  %    10  %    13  %    16  %  
       4  %     3  %     2  %     4  %     4  %     5  %     4  %     5  %  
       —  %     —  %     —  %     —  %     —  %     3  %     —  %     —  %  
       —  %     —  %     —  %     —  %     —  %     —  %    20  %     —  %  
      80  %    75  %    82  %    84  %    90  %    1…  %    1…  %    1…  %  
      20  %    25  %    18  %    16  %    10  %    (2  …    (…  …    (1  …  
                                                                            
      (7  …    (8  …    (8  …    (7  …    (7  …    (6  …    (5  …    (4  …  
       0  %     1  %     1  %     1  %     0  %     1  %     0  %     0  %  
      (7  …    (7  …    (7  …    (6  …    (7  …    (5  …    (5  …    (4  …  
      13  %    18  %    11  %    10  %     3  %    (7  …    (…  …    (5  …  
       2  %     3  %     2  %    (4  …     1  %    (0  …    (1  …    (1  …  
      10  %    14  %     9  %    14  %     2  %    (7  …    (…  …    (4  …  
                                                                            
                                                                       
  (1)  Totals of percentages of revenue may not foot due to rounding.  
                                                                       
101

The following table provides our Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin
and a reconciliation of net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA:
                                                                            
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                     $           …      $           …      $    )      …    
                                                                            
                                 …                  …                  …    
                          )      …           )      …           )      …    
                                 …                  …           )      …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 —                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 —                  —                  …    
                                 —                  —                  …    
                                 —                  …                  —    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                 …                  …           …      …    
                                 …                  …                  …    
                                                                            
Quarterly Trends Revenue.Our revenue has increased sequentially in each
period presented, except for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, through a
combination of growth in our Consumer Revenue and growth in our Business
Revenue from our Apps and Software. Our revenue in the quarter ended March
31, 2020 decreased by 7% as compared to the prior quarter, primarily due to
seasonality and other factors including testing our new AXON machine-
learning recommendation engine. Our Consumer Revenue increased by 123% from
the quarter ended March 31, 2020 to the quarter ended December 31, 2020,
primarily driven by increased in-app purchases relating to acquired Apps as
well as new Apps developed by our Owned and Partner Studios in 2020. Our
Business Revenue from Apps increased 102

over the same period by 76% as a result of increased advertising revenue
from acquired Apps as well as new Apps developed by our Owned and Partner
Studios in 2020. In the quarter ended
December 31, 2020, our Business Revenue from Software increased by 101%
compared to the prior quarter, primarily as a result of the launch of AXON,
our machine learning recommendation engine, in such prior quarter.

Cost of revenue.Our quarterly cost of revenue has generally increased
sequentially in each period presented primarily due to
increases in third party payment processing fees driven by our growing
Consumer revenue, amortization of acquired-technology driven by an increase
in acquisition activity and hosting costs associated with the launch of
AXON.

Sales and marketing. Our quarterly sales and marketing expenses increased
sequentially from a low in the quarter ended
March 31, 2020 primarily driven by the seasonal nature of our gaming
business as well as growth in our existing, newly developed and acquired
Apps. Sales and marketing expenses declined in the quarter ended March 31,
2020 primarily due to
a 5% decrease in our user acquisition spend due to seasonality.

Research and development. Research and development costs
increased significantly in the second half of the year ended December 31,
2020 as a result of our investments in the development of our Software,
including Axon, and new Apps.

General and administrative. General and administrative costs increased
throughout 2020 as a result of headcount expansion and
increased professional services costs to prepare for public company
readiness.

Interest expense. Interest expense, net, did
not substantially change as an increase in our indebtedness was offset by a
decrease in interest rates during the year.

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes. On a quarterly basis, the
provision for income taxes remained relatively consistent as
a percentage of income before tax in 2019, with the exception of the quarter
ended December 31, 2019, during which the Company recognized an income tax
benefit related to restructuring of the Company. On a quarterly basis, the
provision for
(benefit from) income taxes fluctuated from quarter to quarter as a
percentage of income (loss) before tax in 2020 primarily due to fluctuations
in income (loss) before taxes and a change in tax status election made in
the first quarter of 2020.
Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2020, we recognized an income tax
benefit related to restructuring of the Company.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Since inception, we financed our operations primarily through payments
received from business clients using our Software and
advertising on our Apps, and from user IAPs from our Apps, and through net
proceeds we received from the sales of our convertible preferred stock and
debt borrowings, including borrowings made under our credit agreement. As of
December 31,
2020, we had cash and cash equivalents of $317.2 million.

We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents would be
sufficient to satisfy our anticipated working capital and capital
expenditures needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital
requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our growth
rate; expansion of sales and
marketing activities; timing and extent of spending to support our research
and development efforts; capital expenditures to purchase hardware and
software; and our continued need to invest in our IT infrastructure to
support our growth. In
addition, we may enter into additional strategic partnerships as well as
agreements to acquire or invest in teams and technologies, including
intellectual property rights,

103

which could increase our cash requirements. For example, in 2020, we
completed a number of asset and business acquisitions, which reduced our
year-end2020 cash balance by $674.7 million. As a result of these and other
factors, we may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing
sooner than we currently anticipate. If additional financing from outside
sources is required, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to
us, or at all. In particular, the recent COVID-19pandemic has caused a
disruption in the global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to
access capital and negatively affect our liquidity in the future. If we are
unable to raise additional capital when required, or if we cannot expand our
operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we
lack sufficient capital, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. The following table summarizes our
cash flows for the periods indicated:
                                                                            
                         Year Ended                                         
                       December 31,                                         
                               2018              2019              2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      -in thousands                                         
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by     $         139,030       $   198,462       $   222,883     
  operating                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Net cash                                                                  
  used in                   (67,169  )       (411,554  )       (679,891  )  
  investing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
  Net cash                                                                  
  provided by                 1,638           333,160           377,855     
  financing                                                                 
  activities                                                                
                                                                            
Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities was $222.9
million for 2020, primarily consisting of a $125.9 million of net loss,
adjusted for certain non-cash items, which included $255.0 million of
depreciation and amortization expense, $62.4 million of stock-based
compensation expense, $74.8 million of loss on extinguishments of
acquisition related contingent consideration, $8.2 million of amortization
of debt issuance costs and discount, and $7.9 million of lease modification
and abandonment of leasehold improvement partially offset by a $67.0 million
increase in cash consumed by working capital. The increase in cash consumed
by working capital was primarily driven by an increase in accounts
receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets and decrease in operating
lease liabilities partially offset by higher accounts payable and deferred
revenue. Net cash provided by operating activities was $198.5 million for
2019, primarily consisting of $119.0 million of net income, adjusted for
certain non-cashitems, which included $92.8 million of depreciation and
amortization expense, $10.2 million of stock-based compensation expense and
$5.0 million of amortization of debt issuance costs and discount partially
offset by a $31.2 million increase in cash consumed by working capital. The
increase in cash consumed by working capital was primarily driven by an
increase in accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other current
assets partially offset by higher accounts payable and accrued and other
liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities was $139.0 million
for 2018, primarily consisting of $260.0 million of net loss, adjusted for
certain non-cashitems, which included $428.2 million of amortization of debt
issuance costs and loss on settlement of debt, $16.1 million of depreciation
and amortization expense, and $5.5 million of stock-based compensation
expense partially offset by a $39.9 million increase in cash consumed by
working capital and a $10.8 million gain in extinguishments of acquisition
related contingent consideration. The increase in cash consumed by working
capital was primarily driven by an increase in accounts receivable and
decrease in accounts payable partially offset by lower prepaid expenses and
other current assets. Investing Activities Net cash used in investing
activities was $679.9 million for 2020, consisting of $674.7 million related
to acquisitions, $3.2 million in purchases of property and equipment, and
$2.0 million in purchases of non-marketable securities. 104

Net cash used in investing activities was $411.6 million for 2019,
consisting of
$404.2 million related to acquisitions, $4.0 million in purchases of non-
marketable securities and $3.4 million in purchases of property and
equipment.

Net cash used in investing activities was $67.2 million for 2018, primarily
consisting of $65.9 million related to
acquisitions.

Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing activities was $377.9 million for 2020,
primarily consisting of $481.3 million of proceeds from debt
issuance and $9.3 million proceeds from issuance of common stock partially
offset by $64.3 million of principal repayment of debt, $18.9 million
payment of licensed asset obligation, $17.6 million of payment of deferred
acquisition costs, and $9.7
million of payment under finance leases.

Net cash provided by financing activities was $333.2 million for 2019,
primarily
consisting of $388.9 million of proceeds from debt issuance partially offset
by $41.5 million of payment of deferred acquisition costs, $11.2 million of
principal repayment of debt and $5.7 million of payment under finance
leases.

Net cash provided by financing activities was $1.6 million for 2018,
primarily consisting of $791.1 million of
proceeds from debt issuance and $399.6 million in proceeds from the issuance
of preferred stock partially offset by $1,183.0 million of principal
repayment of debt and $5.9 million of payment under finance leases.

Credit Agreement

On August 15, 2018, we
entered into a credit agreement with the lenders party thereto and Bank of
America, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders (the credit
agreement), which provided for $820.0 million of senior secured term loans
and a $50.0 million
senior secured revolving loan facility. The credit agreement was amended on
April 23, 2019 to increase the senior secured term loan facility by $400.0
million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.22 billion. The credit
agreement was
further amended on April 27, 2020 to modify certain negative covenants
contained therein. The credit agreement was further amended on May 6, 2020
to increase the senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to an
aggregate
principal amount of $1.52 billion. The credit agreement was further amended
on October 27, 2020 to add an additional $541.7 million in aggregate
principal amount of revolving commitments and reduce the existing
commitments by $1.7 million,
increasing the total revolving commitments to $590.0 million, reduce the
interest rate on the revolving loans, and extend the maturity date of the
revolving loans.

The credit agreement was further amended on February 12, 2021 to increase
the senior secured term loan facility by
$300.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an
additional $10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of revolving
commitments, increasing the total revolving commitments to $600.0 million
and to
reduce the interest rate on the incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020
to have the same interest rate as all other term loans.

As of December 31, 2020, our total outstanding indebtedness under the credit
agreement was $1.64 billion, consisting of $1.49
billion of outstanding term loans and $150.0 million of outstanding
revolving loans. See the section titled “Description of Certain
Indebtedness” for additional information.

105

Contractual Obligations The following table summarizes our contractual
obligations as of December 31, 2020:
                                                                            
              Payme…                                                        
              Due by                                                        
              Period                                                  More  
               Total          Less                                    than  
                 (in          than          1-3           3-5            5  
              thous…        1 Year        Years         Years        years  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long…    $  1,644…    $   15,210    $  30,420    $   30,420    $  1,568…  
  debt…                                                                     
  Conv…       40,000        40,000            —             —            —  
  secu…                                                                     
  Defe…                                                                     
  acqu…       185,2…       166,158       19,056             —            —  
  cost…                                                                     
  Oper…                                                                     
  lease       110,9…        26,123       30,153        24,889       29,783  
  comm…                                                                     
  Fina…                                                                     
  lease        6,192         3,581        2,611             —            —  
  comm…                                                                     
  Lice…                                                                     
  asset       18,760        18,760            —             —            —  
  obli…                                                                     
  Lice…        5,000         2,000        3,000             0            0  
  comm…                                                                     
  Non-…                                                                     
  purc…       131,2…        14,389       52,858        64,000            0  
  obli…                                                                     
  Total    $  2,141…    $  286,221    $  138,0…    $  119,309    $  1,598…  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of borrowings under our credit agreement. The table above   
       does not include interest payments which vary based                  
       on changes in the interest rate index. See the section titled        
  (1)  “Description of Certain Indebtedness” and Note 9 to our              
       consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this         
       prospectus for additional information regarding our                  
       long-term debt obligations.                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents a convertible security issued in connection with a        
       strategic partnership with Athena FZE. Such security is              
       convertible into shares of our Class A common stock starting 61      
       days following this offering. The convertible security may be        
       converted, at the option of the holder, into a number of shares of   
       our Class A Common Stock equal to                                    
       $40.0 million divided by a conversion price equal to (i) the 20-day  
       volume-weighted average trading price per share of Class A Common    
       Stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. If any portion of the                  
  (2)  convertible security is converted by November 12, 2021, we have      
       agreed to redeem in cash such remaining portion of the convertible   
       security. If the holder does not convert the entire maximum          
       conversion amount by November 18, 2021, we are                       
       required to redeem the remaining conversion amount for cash. If      
       this offering does not close on or prior to November 18, 2021, we    
       are required to redeem the convertible security for $40.0 million    
       in cash. The convertible security does not                           
       entitle the holder to any voting rights or other rights as a         
       stockholder prior to conversion. The fair value of the convertible   
       security was determined to be $45 million as of the issuance date.   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Deferred acquisition costs represent part of the consideration       
  (3)  related to games acquired in asset acquisition                       
       transactions.                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of non-cancellable commitments for real estate leases and   
       lease of                                                             
  (4)  networking equipment colocation space. See Note 8 to our             
       consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this         
       prospectus for additional information.                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of payments related to finance leases of networking         
       equipment. One of the leases is under month-to-month lease           
       arrangement with renewal options. The amounts include payments       
  (5)  attributable to optional renewal periods if it is reasonably         
       certain that we will exercise                                        
       such options. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements    
       included elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (6)  Represents an obligation under a technology license agreement        
       assumed as part of Machine Zone acquisition.                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (7)  Licensor commitments include minimum guarantee royalty payments due  
       to licensors for use of their mobile game products.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The contractual commitment obligations in the table above are        
  (8)  associated with agreements that are enforceable and                  
       legally binding.                                                     
                                                                            
106

Several of the definitive agreements governing our acquisitions of our Owned
Studios and arrangements with Partner Studios provide for payment contingent
upon future performance metrics. The table above does not include any
amounts related to these obligations. These contingent consideration
arrangements include payouts based on a percentage of revenue or
profitability metrics, payouts of fixed amounts based on the achievement of
certain operating targets, and revenue share arrangements for specific apps,
and some of these arrangements do not have a maximum limit of contingent
consideration achievable. Because these contingent consideration
arrangements are based on the success of relevant Apps and are not
guaranteed, we do not expect our results of operations would be materially
and adversely effected by the payment of amounts under any such arrangement.
The table below presents a summary of the significant contingent
consideration arrangements:
                                                                            
  Relevant                              Contingent Consideration Summary    
  Transaction                                                               
                                        Future one-time earn-out payments,  
                                        based on a service agreement, of    
                                        either $60.0 million                
                                        or $30.0 million per game           
                                        depending on the nature of the new  
                                        game App developed, subject to the  
                                        achievement of a certain monthly    
                                        revenue milestone in the initial    
                                        thirty-six months following the     
                                        launch of                           
                                        a new game App. The term of the     
                                        service agreement is initially      
  Recoded asset acquisition (January    three years, after which time the   
  2019)                                 agreement is terminable by either   
                                        party upon thirty days’ written     
                                        notice. We are also required to     
                                        make future one-time earn-out       
                                        payments, based on a development    
                                        agreement during the term of six    
                                        years, of $10.0 million to each of  
                                        two additional new game Apps        
                                        developed, subject to the           
                                        achievement of the same monthly     
                                        revenue                             
                                        milestone in the initial            
                                        thirty-six months following the     
                                        launch of such game Apps.           
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
                                        the greater of (i) a predetermined  
                                        percentage of revenue or (ii) a     
                                        predetermined percentage of         
                                        earnings before interest, taxes,    
                                        depreciation and amortization       
  Samfinaco Games asset acquisition     generated by the acquired game      
  (August 2019)                         Apps over each such year. We are    
                                        also required to                    
                                        make future earn-out payments       
                                        based on performance metrics of     
                                        the newly developed game Apps       
                                        which are similar to the            
                                        performance metrics of the          
                                        initially acquired mobile game      
                                        Apps during the four years from     
                                        the date of the transaction.        
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
                                        the excess, if any, of revenue      
                                        generated by the initially          
                                        acquired game App for such year     
                                        above the sum of (i) an annual      
  Zenlife asset acquisition (June       fixed baseline revenue and (ii)     
  2020)                                 the aggregate earn-out payments     
                                        made in prior                       
                                        years. We are also required to      
                                        make future earn-out payments for   
                                        newly developed game Apps           
                                        determined under the similar        
                                        approach as for the initially       
                                        acquired mobile game Apps.          
                                        Future earn-out payments based on   
                                        a predetermined percentage of       
                                        revenue net of certain direct       
                                        costs generated by the initially    
  Other asset acquisition (March        acquired game App, or additional    
  2020)                                 game Apps developed under a         
                                        service and development agreement,  
                                        over the term of the agreement,     
                                        which is initially two years, but   
                                        which may renew for an additional   
                                        two-year term.                      
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction are                 
                                        based on (i)(a) the revenue         
                                        generated by the initially          
                                        acquired game App and any           
  Other asset acquisition (April        additional game Apps developed      
  2020)                                 under a service and development     
                                        agreement over the term of four     
                                        years in excess of (b) a baseline   
                                        revenue threshold, multiplied by    
                                        (ii) tiered revenue multiples, up   
                                        to a cumulative amount of $45.0     
                                        million.                            
                                                                            
107
                                                                            
  Relevant                              Contingent Consideration Summary    
  Transaction                                                               
                                        Future earn-out payments for each   
                                        of the four years from the date of  
                                        the transaction based on            
                                        (i)(a) the revenue generated by     
  Athena acquisition (November 2020)    the initially acquired game Apps    
                                        in each such year in excess of (b)  
                                        a certain revenue threshold,        
                                        multiplied by (ii) a predetermined  
                                        revenue multiple.                   
                                                                            
For acquisitions of Owned Studios that are accounted for as business
combinations, contingent consideration is initially recognized at fair
value. For our other transactions, we generally recognize contingent
consideration only on the date when the related performance metrics are
achieved. See Notes 2, 6, and 19 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information. As of
December 31, 2020, we had recorded liabilities of $15.1 million related to
uncertain tax positions. Due to uncertainties in the timing of potential tax
audits, the timing of the resolution of these positions is uncertain and we
are unable to make a reasonable estimate of the timing of payments in
individual years particularly beyond 12 months. As a result, this amount is
not included in the table above. In April 2020, we entered into a share
purchase agreement with Redemption Games, Inc. (Redemption Games). We
purchased a majority of the outstanding common stock of Redemption Games and
entered into agreements with the equityholders of Redemption Games that,
among other things, provide for call/put rights whereby such holders can
elect to require us to purchase all or a portion of their vested securities
on a specified date in February of each year from 2022 to 2025 and we can
require such holders to sell to us all of their remaining securities on or
after February 19, 2025, each for a purchase price per share of the then
current fair market value per share of common stock of Redemption Games.
Based on the fair market value of the common stock of Redemption Games at
December 31, 2020, the purchase price for an exercise in full of such call
options would have been $6.7 million. Qualitative and Quantitative
Disclosures about Market Risk We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary
course of our business, which primarily relate to fluctuations in interest
rates. As of December 31, 2020, we had unrestricted cash and cash
equivalents of $317.2 million. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates
would not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of
operations due to the short-term nature of our cash equivalents. As of
December 31, 2020, we had a term loan balance of $1.64 billion. A
hypothetical 50 basis point change in interest rates as of December 31, 2020
would have resulted in a change in net income of $8.0 million in 2020. Off-
BalanceSheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2020, we did not have any off-
balancesheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a
current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our
financial condition, revenue, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to investors.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates We believe that the following
accounting policies involve a high degree of judgment and complexity and are
critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial
condition and 108

results of our operations. An accounting policy is considered to be critical
if it requires judgment on a significant accounting estimate to be made
based on assumptions about matters that are
uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that
reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that
are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the
reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosures in our
audited consolidated financial statements. We have based our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Although we believe that the estimates we use
are reasonable, due to the
inherent uncertainty involved in making those estimates, actual results
reported in future periods could differ from those estimates.

We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more
significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for
additional information.

Revenue from Contracts with Customers

We generate revenue from two types of customers—Business and Consumer.
Business Revenue includes fees paid by mobile app advertisers
that use our Software, and revenue generated from the sale of digital
advertising inventory of our Apps. Consumer Revenue consists of IAPs made by
users within our Apps.

Business Revenue

Our
Software provides the technology to match advertisers and third-party owners
of digital advertising inventory via auctions at large scale and
microsecond-level speeds. The pricing and terms for all mobile advertising
arrangements are governed by our
terms and conditions and generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days
subsequent to the end of the month. The contract is fully cancellable at any
time.

For Business Revenue generated through the placement of advertisements on
mobile game apps owned by publishers, our performance
obligation is to provide an advertiser with access to our Software which
facilitates the advertiser’s purchase of advertising inventory from
publishers. We do not control the advertising inventory prior to its
transfer to the advertiser, our
customer, because we do not have the substantive ability to direct the use
of, nor obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the
advertising inventory. We are not primarily responsible for fulfillment and
do not have any inventory
risk. We are an agent as it relates to the sale of third-party advertising
inventory and present revenue on a net basis. The transaction price is the
product of either the number of completions of agreed upon actions or
advertisements displayed and
the contractually agreed upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser
less consideration paid or payable to publishers.

Advertisers also purchase the advertising inventory of our Apps either
through our Software or through third-party advertising networks.
Revenue from the sale of advertising inventory through third-party
advertising networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by third-
party advertising networks as we are unable to determine the gross amount
paid by the advertisers to the
third-party advertising networks.

We recognize mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon action is
completed or when the ad
is displayed to users, depending on the agreed upon pricing mechanism with
an advertiser or third-party advertising network. The number of
advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon

109

actions is determined at the end of each month, which resolves any
uncertainty in the transaction price during the reporting period.

Consumer Revenue

IAPs
include fees collected from users for the purchase of virtual goods to
enhance their gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is
to provide users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items
over the estimated period of
time the virtual items are available to the user or until the virtual item
is consumed. We categorize our virtual goods as either consumable or
durable. Consumable virtual goods represent goods that can be consumed by a
specific player action in
gameplay; accordingly, we recognize revenue from the sale of consumable
virtual goods as the goods are consumed and our performance obligation is
satisfied. Durable virtual goods represent goods that are accessible to the
user over an extended
period of time; accordingly, we recognize revenue from the sale of durable
virtual goods ratably over the period of time the goods are available to the
user and our performance obligation is satisfied, which is generally the
estimated average user
life (EAUL). Payment is required at the time of purchase and the purchase
price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs through our distribution partners.
The transaction price is equal to the gross amount charged to users because
we are the principal in
the transaction. IAPs fees are non-refundable. Such payments are initially
recorded to deferred revenue.

The EAUL represents
our best estimate of the expected life of paying users for the applicable
game. The EAUL begins when a user makes a first purchase of durable virtual
goods and ends when a user is determined to be inactive. We determine the
EAUL on a game-by-game
basis. For a newly launched game that has limited playing data, we determine
our EAUL based on the EAUL of a game that has sufficiently similar
characteristics. We determine the EAUL on a quarterly basis and apply such
calculated EAUL to all
bookings in the respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is subjective and
requires management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from
historical playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the
future. The EAULs are
generally between six and nine months.

We present taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental
authorities on a
net basis.

Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations

We perform an initial test to determine whether substantially all of the
fair value of the gross assets transferred are concentrated in a
single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, such
that the acquisition would not represent a business. If that test suggests
that the set of assets and activities is a business, we then perform a
second test to evaluate
whether the assets and activities transferred include inputs and substantive
processes that together, significantly contribute to the ability to create
outputs, which would constitute a business. If the result of the second test
suggests that the
acquired assets and activities constitute a business, we account for the
transaction as a business combination.

For transactions
accounted for as business combinations, we allocate the fair value of
acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair
values. Acquisition consideration
includes the fair value of any promised contingent consideration. The excess
of the fair value of acquisition consideration over the fair values of
acquired identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.
Contingent consideration is
remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with changes in the fair
value of contingent consideration recorded in general and administrative
expenses. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates
and assumptions,
especially with respect to intangible assets. Management’s estimates of fair
value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are
inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may
differ from

110

estimates. In certain circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase
price are based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to
revision when we receive final information,
including appraisals and other analyses. During the measurement period,
which is one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset
to goodwill. Upon the
conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are
recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired
on the basis of relative fair values. We generally include contingent
consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only when the uncertainty
is resolved. We recognize contingent consideration adjustments to the cost
of the acquired assets
prospectively using the straight-line method over the remaining useful life
of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset acquisitions.

Services and Development Agreements

We enter into strategic agreements with Partner Studios. We have
historically allowed these Partner Studios to continue their operations
with a significant degree of autonomy. In some cases, we bought Apps from
Partner Studios and entered into service and development agreements whereby
Partner Studios provide support in improving existing Apps and developing
new Apps. The substantial
majority of payments associated with service agreements for existing Apps
are expensed to research and development when the services are rendered as
the payments primarily relate to developing enhancements for the Apps.
Payments for new Apps
associated with development agreements are generally made in connection with
the development of a particular App, and therefore, we are subject to
development risk prior to the release of the App. Accordingly, payments that
are due prior to
completion of an App are generally expensed to research and development over
the development period as the services are incurred. Payments due after
completion of an App are generally capitalized and expensed as cost of
revenue. See Note 6 to
our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus
for additional information.

Software Development Costs

We incur development costs related to internal-use software and the
development of
Apps. We review software development costs on a quarterly basis to determine
if the costs qualify for capitalization. As a result of an agile and
iterative development process, the preliminary project stage remains ongoing
until just prior to
launch, at which time final feature selection occurs. As such, software
development costs do not meet the criteria for capitalization and are
expensed as incurred to research and development expenses. We did not
capitalize any software development
costs during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020.

Goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment on an
annual basis during the fourth quarter or more frequently if we
believe indicators of impairment exist. Triggering events that may indicate
impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in
customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of goodwill
or a significant
decrease in expected cash flows. When conducting quantitative annual
goodwill impairment assessments, we compare the fair value of its reporting
units to their carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit
exceeds its fair value, then we
record a goodwill impairment. Commencing January 1, 2019, the lesser of (i)
the entire amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds
its fair value or (ii) the carrying value of goodwill allocated to such
reporting
unit is recorded as an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31, 2018,
2019, and 2020, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.

111

Intangible Assets

This consists of identifiable intangible assets, primarily Apps, user base,
developed technology and intellectual property licenses
resulting from acquisitions. Acquired intangible assets are recorded at
cost, net of accumulated amortization. Intangible assets are amortized on a
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, generally 2 to 7
years. Our estimates of
useful lives of intangible assets are based on cash flow forecasts which
incorporate various assumptions, including forecasted user acquisition
costs, user attrition rates and level of user engagement.

Intangible assets also include costs of intellectual property that we
license from third parties for use of their content in our game.
The licensing agreements include license payments, which are due over the
terms of the agreements. We recognize these license payments as a license
asset and a license obligation at the fair value on the contract date, based
on a discounted cash
flow model. The amortization of the licensed asset commences when the game
with licensed content is launched and when licensed agreement is executed;
and is recorded in cost of revenue on a straight-line method over the
remaining license terms or
estimated useful life of the game with licensed content, whichever is
shorter. The classification of the license obligations between current and
long-term is based on the expected timing of the payments to the licensor.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

We review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate
an asset’s carrying value may not be recoverable. If such circumstances are
present, we assess the recoverability of the long-lived assets by comparing
the carrying value to the undiscounted future cash flows associated with the
related assets.
If the future net undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value
of the assets, the assets are considered impaired and an expense equal to
the amount required to reduce the carrying value of the assets to the
estimated fair value is
recorded as an impairment of intangible assets in the consolidated
statements of operations. Significant judgment is required to estimate the
amount and timing of future cash flows and the relative risk of achieving
those cash flows. Assumptions and
estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and
often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including
external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors
such as changes in our
business strategy and our internal forecasts. For example, if future
operating results do not meet current forecasts, we may be required to
record future impairment charges for acquired intangible assets. Additional
factors which significantly
affect future cash flows related to long-lived assets include, but are not
limited to, forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates, and
level of user engagement. Significant changes in these factors may require
us to reassess
recoverability of long-lived assets and record impairment. Impairment
charges could materially decrease future net income and result in lower
asset values on our consolidated balance sheet. There were no material
impairment charges recorded for the
years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020.

Stock-Based Compensation

We estimate the fair value of employee stock-based compensation awards on
the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and
recognize the grant date fair value as compensation expense on a straight-
line basis over the requisite service period. The Black-Scholes option
pricing model requires use of various assumptions, including expected option
life and expected stock
price volatility. We determine the expected option life as the average of
the options’ contractual term and the options’ vesting period. We estimate
the options’ volatility using volatilities of public companies in a
comparable
industry, stage of life cycle, and size. We use the straight-line method for
recording stock-based compensation expense and recognize forfeitures as they
occur.

112

After the adoption of the Accounting Standards Update 2018-07— Compensation-
Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based
Payment Accounting, on January 1, 2019, we account for non-employeestock-
based compensation awards similar to employee stock-based compensation
awards. Prior to 2019, options and other equity awards granted to non-
employeeswere subject to periodic remeasurement over the period during which
services were rendered based on the remaining contractual term. The
following tables summarize the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option
pricing model to determine the fair value of our stock options: The weighted
average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of employee and non-
employee stock options granted are as follows:
                                                                            
                              Year Ended December                           
                                              31,                           
                                             2018       2019       2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average                           6.50       6.05       5.94     
  expected term                                                             
  Expected volatility                          62  %      43  %      39  %  
  Risk-free interest                         2.59  %    1.91  %    0.56  %  
  rate                                                                      
  Dividend yield                                0  %       0  %       0  %  
                                                                            
Given the absence of a public trading market for our Class A common stock,
and in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held
Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, our board of directors
exercised its reasonable judgment and considered numerous objective and
subjective factors to determine the best estimate of fair value of our Class
A common stock, including:
                                                                        
  •    independent third-party valuations of our Class A common stock;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       the price of sales of our Class A common stock and preferred stock   
  •    in recent secondary sales by existing stockholders to                
       investors;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                       
  •    our capital resources and financial condition;  
                                                       
                                                                            
  •    the preferences held by our preferred stock classes relative to      
       those of our Class A common stock;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the likelihood and timing of achieving a liquidity event, such as    
  •    an initial public offering or sale of the company,                   
       given prevailing market conditions;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our historical operating and financial performance as well as our    
       estimates of future financial performance;                           
                                                                            
                                            
  •    valuations of comparable companies;  
                                            
                                     
  •    the hiring of key personnel;  
                                     
                                                                            
  •    the status of our development, product introduction, and sales       
       efforts;                                                             
                                                                            
                                                               
  •    the price paid by us to repurchase outstanding shares;  
                                                               
                                                                        
  •    the relative lack of marketability of our Class A common stock;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
  •    industry information such as market growth and volume and            
       macro-economic events; and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    additional objective and subjective factors relating to our          
       business.                                                            
                                                                            
Prior to this offering, in valuing our Class A common stock, our board of
directors determined the fair value of our Class A common stock using both
the income and market approach valuation methods, in addition to giving
consideration to recent secondary sales of our Class A common stock. 113

The income approach estimates value based on the expectation of future cash
flows that a company will generate. These future cash flows are discounted
to their present values using a discount
rate based on our weighted-average cost of capital, and is adjusted to
reflect the risks inherent in our cash flows. The market approach estimates
value based on a comparison of our company to comparable public companies in
a similar line of
business. From the comparable companies, a representative market value
multiple is determined and then applied to our company’s financial forecasts
to estimate the value of the subject company.

Following this offering, it will not be necessary to determine the fair
value of our Class A common stock, as the shares will be traded
in the public market.

Based upon the assumed initial public offering price of
$ per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover
page of this prospectus, the aggregate
intrinsic value of our stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2020 was
$ , with
$ related to vested stock options.

Income Taxes

We
account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which
requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
financial statements. Under this
method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the
differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the
differences are expected
to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and
liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date.

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets are more
likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence,
including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences,
projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and
results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to
realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded
amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be
made to reduce the
provision for income taxes.

We record uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (i) whether it is more likely than
not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical
merits of the position and (ii) for those tax positions that meet the more-
likely-than-not recognition threshold, we recognize the largest amount of
tax benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate
settlement with a tax authority.

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on
the income tax expense line in our consolidated statement of
operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax
liability line in the consolidated balance sheet.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this prospectus for recently adopted accounting
pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
as of the dates of the statement of financial position included in this
prospectus.

114

LETTER FROM ADAM FOROUGHI, CO-FOUNDER,CEO, AND CHAIRPERSON

From the beginning, we built AppLovin differently.

When we founded AppLovin in 2011, we thought our vision for solving the
mobile app discovery problem was exactly the kind of big idea that every
venture
capitalist would love. Maybe it just wasn’t the right timing, but not a
single VC chose to invest with us after countless meetings. At AppLovin, we
love a challenge, and rather than being discouraged, we were motivated. We
knew that mobile apps
were changing the world, and that the importance of the app ecosystem would
only increase. We believed that if we could help developers get their apps
discovered by the right end users, we would build a meaningful business that
would simultaneously
better the lives of consumers around the world.

Without venture capital, we committed to profitable growth from Day 1. We
remained intensely
focused on the things that mattered most—our people, our products, and our
technology. Every dollar and every resource were allocated with care.
Looking back, we have had positive cash flows from operating activities each
year since 2013 and we
still treat every dollar like it is our own.

Our lean, entrepreneurial approach means that we can make fast decisions, be
flexible and creative,
and deliver more value for our customers. We keep our technology at the core
of everything we do and are always thinking about what comes next. While we
have grown significantly over the years, we have maintained this hungry,
smart, and focused
culture—a culture that is embedded in our DNA. This approach has fueled our
success to date and will continue to carry us into the future.

We
thank you for considering an investment in AppLovin, and we are excited to
share our story with you.

Our Mission

Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem.

When we started in 2011, mobile was in its early days, but it was clear the
smartphone had unlocked a new world of possibility. Apps—with their
endless use cases and potential – were the future, and we wanted to be in
the middle of it.

So, we set out to build our own apps. The first
one was an app discovery product for the consumer. We were so excited to
share our work with the world, but soon realized there were no great
alternatives to do this cost effectively. We realized that getting our app
to the user was actually the
hard part, and that this was a big problem. With that one foundational
insight, we rebuilt our business around the developer—creating products that
made the developers’ lives easier, and enabling them to reach users in every
corner
of the globe. AppDiscovery was born.

The success of AppDiscovery and the products that came after it, stems from
our belief that when our partners
succeed, we succeed. At AppLovin, we wake up every day to build the best
tools and products in the market, and to provide our business clients with
measurable gains that fuel growth in their enterprises.

In 2018, we created AppLovin Apps to further extend our reach in the mobile
app ecosystem. Today, AppLovin Apps has grown into a portfolio of over 200
leading mobile apps that entertain tens of millions of happy consumers every
day. When we build our tools, we build for our business clients and for our
AppLovin Apps. Our experience as an app developer allows us to better
understand and better
serve, the needs of our business clients—which, in turn, creates more growth
in their business, and in ours.

115

Our People and Our Culture

Every day, I am humbled by the talent and dedication of our team, and the
passion they bring to our business. To the AppLovin team, thank you.

We believe that great people and great culture is the bedrock for our
success. Today, we still maintain the same nimble approach that kickstarted
our
business when AppLovin was bootstrapped with a few developers in a small
Palo Alto office:

We seek excellence. We want to be the best. We
keep the bar high and we hold each other accountable. We aim to work harder
and smarter than the rest.

We are entrepreneurial. We
haven’t forgotten our roots. We hire exceptional people and we let them
build. We are always looking for new ways to do things, always investing,
always improving.

We are inclusive and excel through our culture of diversity. We believe in
giving each person the opportunity to advance themselves based on the
merits of their work. We are a company where every person has the
opportunity to grow, learn, and contribute. Diverse cultures bring diverse
viewpoints, which fosters innovation. Often, our best leaders don’t have
traditional backgrounds and
challenge the most conventional of wisdom.

We are fast and deliver. Our business is about performance. We feel immense
responsibility to our
customers, our users, and our fellow AppLovin teammates to deliver on our
mission each and every day.

We do it all with integrity. We are
open and honest, even if it is not the easy thing to do. We build for the
long-term, and we strive to do it the right way. We know that our reputation
takes a lifetime to build and a moment to lose.

Our Future

Writing this letter, I am even more optimistic
than I was when I first took that trip down Sand Hill Road in 2011. The
mobile app economy is bigger than we had ever imagined, and our platform is
stronger.

From the beginning, we built AppLovin differently, and we promise to
continue building differently. We always put innovation first and strive to
deliver
market leading solutions to the mobile app ecosystem.

With all the progress that we have made so far, we feel that AppLovin’s
journey is just
beginning. We hope you join us.

116

BUSINESS Our mission is to grow the mobile app ecosystem by enabling the
success of mobile app developers. Our software solutions provide advanced
tools for mobile app developers to grow their businesses by automating and
optimizing the marketing and monetization of their apps. Since inception,
our platform has driven over six billion mobile app installs for mobile app
developers. Our software, coupled with our deep industry knowledge and
expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale a successful and diversified
portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also accelerated our market
penetration through an active acquisition and partnership strategy. Our
scaled and integrated business model sits at the nexus of the mobile app
ecosystem, which creates a durable competitive advantage that has fueled our
clients’ success and our strong growth. Over the past two decades, mobile
apps have become integral to our lives. Mobile apps offer a wide array of
applications, such as allowing users to seamlessly share ideas, make
purchases, monitor health, and access entertainment. Based on data from IDC,
we estimate our total market opportunity to be $189 billion in 2020, growing
to $283 billion in 2024, or a 10.6% CAGR. Growth of the mobile app ecosystem
benefits mobile app users, but makes it harder for mobile app developers,
and particularly indie developers, to scale and succeed in a crowded market.
Most developers lack access to the marketing, monetization, and data
analytics tools required to stand out among the more than 4.8 million mobile
apps available on the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, according to
Statista, or attract sufficient numbers of mobile app users to create and
sustain a successful long-term business. Underscoring how difficult it is to
create a successful mobile app, SensorTower estimates that 80% of all mobile
app downloads were generated by 1% of the total developers across Apple App
Store and Google Play Store in the third quarter of 2019. The marketing and
monetization challenges faced by mobile app developers are particularly
acute for developers of mobile games, which is one of the largest and
fastest-growing segments within the mobile app ecosystem. According to IDC,
there are more than 2 billion mobile gamers worldwide—and, according to
Statista, there are more than 1.3 million mobile gaming apps on the Apple
App Store and Google Play Store. Mobile gaming accounts for 39% of worldwide
app downloads and for 72% of all app store consumer spend by value,
according to Sensor Tower. AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app
developers, in particular mobile game developers, solving key marketing and
monetization challenges. Through our technologies and scaled distribution,
developers are able to manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing
investments, and improve the monetization of their apps. The key elements of
our solutions are delivered through the AppLovin Platform, which is
comprised of AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software:
                                                                            
       AppLovin Core Technologies: Our foundational technology              
       infrastructure which powers our Software and, in turn,               
       our Apps. Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON                  
       machine-learning recommendation engine, our App Graph, and our       
       elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core Technologies are robust,      
       having processed over 3 petabytes of data per day on average, as     
  •    many as 3 trillion predictions per day, and up to 6.5 trillion       
       events per day in January 2021, while remaining flexible enough to   
       rapidly adjust to our clients’ evolving needs. Our App Graph stores  
       and manages anonymized data from hundreds                            
       of millions of mobile devices we reach every day, which our AXON     
       engine then leverages to better predict and match users to relevant  
       advertising content.                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppLovin Software: A comprehensive suite of tools for developers to  
  •    get their mobile apps discovered and                                 
       downloaded by the right users, optimize return on marketing spend,   
       and                                                                  
                                                                            
117
                                                                            
  maximize monetization of engagement. Our Software reaches an audience of  
  over 410 million users every day.8 Our Software is comprised of           
  three solutions:                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery, our marketing software solution, is the cornerstone    
       of our Software, augmented by our rapidly growing MAX                
       monetization solution and Compass analytics tools. AppDiscovery is   
  •    powered by AXON and provides the technology to match advertiser      
       demand with publisher supply through auctions at vast scale and      
       microsecond-level speeds, peaking at 3.5 million                     
       requests processed per second in January 2021.                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       MAX utilizes an advanced in-app bidding technology that optimizes    
       the value of a                                                       
  •    developer’s advertising inventory by running a real-time             
       competitive auction, driving more competition and higher returns     
       for publishers.                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Compass is the analytics tool within MAX which gives developers the  
  •    testing capabilities, insights, and intelligence                     
       needed to stay competitive and manage profitability.                 
                                                                            
In 2018, given an opportunity to scale our own apps using our Software,
insights, and expertise in the mobile app ecosystem, we launched our first-
party content strategy, AppLovin Apps. Today, our Apps consist of a globally
diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games across five
genres, run by twelve studios including Owned Studios and Partner Studios.
Our Apps provide data and insights as users play games, thus improving our
App Graph and AXON recommendation engine. Since 2018, 31 of our games have
ranked in the Top 10 Free Games overall, according to Sensor Tower. Our
studios generally focus on low-riskdevelopment of easy to learn and play
games, which appeal to a broad range of demographics, but also develop
several games for other genres. This approach mitigates risk that
traditional games face and replaces it with a more predictable and
repeatable economic model. The combination of our Platform and Apps forms a
strategic flywheel that drives growth across our business and furthers our
competitive advantages. As more developers use our Platform’s Software to
market and monetize their mobile apps, we gain access to more users and more
user engagement further strengthening our scaled distribution. As our
distribution grows, we gain better insights for our App Graph and AXON
recommendation engine, which then further enhances our Software. This
continuously improving flywheel helps developers that use our Software to
create and sustain successful businesses, growing both our own business and
the mobile app ecosystem. We accelerate our capabilities and enhance our
strategic position in the mobile app ecosystem by actively pursuing
acquisitions and partnerships for new technologies and apps. Insights that
we derive from our strategic position and flywheel allow us to proactively
identify attractive acquisition and partnership opportunities across the
mobile app ecosystem. Since the beginning of 2018, we have invested over $1
billion across 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app studios,
games, and technologies. In the case of new apps, we are able to deploy our
Software and expertise to accelerate revenue growth, enabling us to generate
strong returns on investment. We estimate that a year after joining our
portfolio, Apps we acquired in 2018 and 2019 have increased their quarterly
revenue over 100% on average. 9Strategic acquisitions and partnerships will
continue to be a part of our growth strategy going forward.
                                                                            
     For the three months ended December 31, 2020. We calculate this        
     audience as the average number of unique device                        
     identities that open a mobile app (whether that mobile app our own or  
     a third party’s) which has our software development kit (SDK) on each  
     day in a period. We measure this figure through our SDK. An            
     individual who uses an app in more than one                            
     country on a particular day will be counted as more than one unique    
     device identity; however, if an individual uses more than one app in   
     the same day, such individual is only counted once. This figure does   
     not include any users who have opted out of                            
  8  allowing apps to track on their mobile phone.                          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
     Based on a comparison of unaudited revenue for such acquired Apps for  
  9  the three months prior to the acquisition against                      
     our revenue from such Apps in the same period in the subsequent year.  
                                                                            
118

Our focus on building market-leading technology, coupled with our unique
approach
to developing and growing our Apps portfolio, has produced a business model
characterized by rapid growth and strong cash flow generation. Our revenue
has grown at a 76% CAGR from 2016 to 2020. For 2020, our revenue grew 46%
year-over-year from
2019, from $994.1 million in 2019 to $1.45 billion in 2020. For 2019, our
revenue grew 106% year-over-year from 2018, from $483.4 million in 2018 to
$994.1 million in 2019. We generated a net loss of $260.0 million in 2018,
net income of $119.0
million in 2019, and a net loss of $125.9 million in 2020. We generated
Adjusted EBITDA of $255.6 million, $301.2 million, and $345.5 million in
2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively. Additionally, we have generated strong
cash flows,
with net cash provided by operating activities of $139.0 million, $198.5
million, and $222.9 million in 2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively. This has
allowed us to reinvest in our expansion and growth. See the section titled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA” for a description of Adjusted
EBITDA and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the
most
directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP.

Industry Background

Key Trends within the Mobile App Ecosystem

The mobile app ecosystem is growing rapidly and is increasingly defining how
we interact with the world. Increasing global
penetration of smartphones, the cloud, and faster data has fueled a rapid
expansion in the mobile app ecosystem. In 2019, for the first time Americans
consumed more content on mobile devices than on TV according to eMarketer,
providing a significant
growth opportunity for the mobile app ecosystem. Mobile apps offer an
amazing array of applications, such as allowing users to seamlessly share
ideas, make purchases, monitor their health, and access entertainment. Based
on data from IDC, we
estimate that our market opportunity within the mobile app ecosystem will
grow from $189 billion in 2020 to $283 billion in 2024, or a 10.6% CAGR. In
2019, over 204 billion applications were downloaded globally, and the
average consumer spent
3.7 hours per day on mobile, according to App Annie.

The proliferation of accessible and affordable advanced development tools
has led to lower cost and shorter development times for new apps. A broad
selection of high quality, easy to use, commoditized development kits has
decreased the time, capital, and expertise required to make an app. App
stores have removed
distribution barriers by seamlessly delivering apps to billions of users.
Through live operations efforts, developers regularly update and tailor
their in-market apps to optimize engagement, usage, and
monetization.

Mobile gaming has become one of the largest and fastest-growing sectors
within the mobile app ecosystem.
Mobile gaming accounts for 39% of worldwide app downloads and for 72% of all
app store consumer spend by value, according to Sensor Tower. Improvements
in processors, displays, battery life, and connectivity have attracted users
to mobile devices
from other platforms and fueled the acceleration of growth across mobile
gaming. With the creation of new gaming genres that have a wide appeal, the
profile of gamers has broadly expanded.

Key Challenges for Developers

Today’s app developer journey has three key steps – make, market, and
monetize. The ‘make’ step has never been
easier, but developers still face key challenges in marketing and monetizing
their apps.

The abundance of apps today creates a discovery and marketing challenge for
mobile app developers. The ease of making apps has created a highly
fragmented market with over 2.87 million apps available through the Google
Play Store and 1.96 million apps available through the
Apple App Store, according to Statista. Of these, there are more than 1.3
million mobile games for users to choose from, according to Statista. As the
number of apps has grown, so have the number of mobile app users, creating
an incredibly
complex matching dilemma. To further amplify the problem, even

119

after a user downloads an app, for the average consumer in the United
States, that app is now just one of the nearly 100 apps on the average
smartphone according to App Annie, meaning developers
must compete for user engagement and screen time. As a result, developers
must overcome both a crowded marketplace and home screen to successfully
market and monetize their apps, and this is especially difficult for indie
developers. Today, only
approximately 4,000 mobile apps generate more than $1 million annually,
according to IDC.

Many developers lack access to marketing and monetization tools required to
build a successful business in the mobile app ecosystem.Most mobile apps are
free to install and many rely on in-game advertising and IAPs for
monetization. To
be successful, a developer’s app must not just be discovered but also
generate user engagement to effectively sell ad inventory or create
compelling content for IAPs. To generate advertising revenue, developers
must navigate a complicated
partner ecosystem with revenue leakage at each step. Effective marketing
spend that matches a targeted ad, priced accurately and for the right user,
leads to better results. These small efficiency gains differentiate apps in
the highly fragmented
and inefficient broader mobile app ecosystem.

Our Market Opportunity

Based on data from IDC, we estimate our total market opportunity in the
mobile app ecosystem to be $189 billion. We calculated this
estimate by aggregating worldwide total in-app advertising revenue of $101
billion (including both gaming and non-gaming in-app display, video, and
other advertising, but excluding in-app search
advertising) and worldwide direct game spending of $88 billion for 2020.

Today, many of our customers come from the mobile
gaming market. We initially focused on this market because we saw a
sophisticated yet fragmented market, which would appreciate the need for
highly effective marketing spending that leads to improved customer
retention, customer lifetime value, and
return on investment. Based on data from IDC, we estimate the mobile gaming
market opportunity for developers/publishers to be $110 billion in 2020,
comprised of both direct game spending of $88 billion and mobile gaming
advertising
payouts to developers/publishers of $22 billion.

Our Software can also serve the rapidly growing, broader mobile app market.
Our Software is already used by several non-gaming apps and we will continue
to expand our value proposition for these apps going forward. As such, we
believe we have an attractive opportunity to capture
market share in the broader mobile advertising market.

120

How We Grow the Mobile App Ecosystem We have built and invested in our
Platform, which expands the mobile app ecosystem by solving key developer
growth challenges. We deliver value to mobile app developers by helping
scale their businesses and maximize their revenue through our marketing and
monetization technologies and expertise. Our uniquely integrated Platform
—comprised of our Core Technologies and Software—combines marketing,
monetization, and analytics into a single unified technology stack.
AppLovin’s Integrated Approach Applovin software Platform marketing
appdiscovery monetization max analytics compass applovin core technologies
axon machine learning app graph flexible, robust, cloud infrastructure apps
Applovin apps client apps AppLovin Core Technologies Our Core Technologies
are our foundational technology infrastructure, which powers our Software
and, in turn, our Apps. Our Core Technologies consist of our AXON machine-
learning recommendation engine, our App Graph data management layer, and our
elastic cloud infrastructure. Our Core Technologies catalogue and
consolidate billions of interactions globally every day into our proprietary
App Graph. AXON receives information from our App Graph and uses its
machine-learning algorithms to match each user to relevant advertising
content, driving better engagement and monetization. Our flexible, robust
cloud infrastructure is the backbone of our Core Technologies. This
proprietary system allows us to operate at massive scale and process
significant data while maintaining a high degree of flexibility, so that we
may keep pace with the ever-evolving needs of our customers. Our Core
Technologies operate at high scale and speed, having processed over 3
petabytes of data per day on average, as many as 3 trillion predictions per
day, and up to 6.5 trillion events per day in January 2021. Our globally
distributed data infrastructure ensures we are able to connect with devices
worldwide and process aggregate user activity across our Software. AppLovin
Software Our Software provides a comprehensive suite of tools for
developers, primarily indie developers, to grow their businesses by
automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of their apps. This
suite is made up of three key solutions:
                                                                            
       AppDiscovery is our marketing software solution, which matches       
       advertiser demand with publisher supply                              
       through auctions at vast scale and microsecond-level speeds,         
  •    peaking at 3.5 million requests processed per second in January      
       2021. AppDiscovery is powered by our AXON machine-learning           
       recommendation engine with predictive algorithms that enable         
       developers to match their apps to users that are more likely to      
       download them.                                                       
                                                                            
121
                                                                            
       MAX is our in-app bidding software that optimizes the value of an    
       app’s advertising inventory by running a real-time competitive       
       auction, driving more competition and higher returns for             
  •    publishers. Many developers that integrate MAX have experienced a    
       measurable increase in their average revenue per daily               
       active user over traditional monetization tools and save countless   
       hours because they are able to automate manual monetization work     
       through its advanced feature set.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Compass is our analytics software solution which is integrated into  
       MAX, gives developers insights from                                  
       deep analytics, allowing developers to optimize ad-based             
  •    monetization, improve user engagement, and manage their return on    
       investment. Compass delivers advanced analytics such as advanced     
       reporting and                                                        
       profitability analysis to developers in an easy-to-use, integrated   
       solution.                                                            
                                                                            
When deployed together, our Software helps developers better reach and
monetize a more precisely targeted and valuable user base. Our Software is
delivered through an integrated and seamless user interface, allowing
developers to accelerate their revenue opportunities, reduce the time they
spend on marketing and monetization, and focus on what they do
best—developing apps. AppLovin Apps Our Apps consist of a globally
diversified portfolio of over 200 free-to-playmobile games run by twelve
studios with a deep bench of talented developers. These Apps are accessed by
nearly 32 million users every day. 10In addition, 31 of our games have
reached the Top Ten Free Games, according to Sensor Tower. Our diversified
portfolio covers five gaming genres, the most frequent of which is casual
games, and appeals to a broad global audience across different ages,
genders, and locations. Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios utilize our
Software to market and monetize our Apps. When using our Software, our Apps
have an economic advantage, which benefits our business as a whole. The
strategy of our studios is to allow developers to focus on creating great
Apps, while leveraging our Software and expertise to unlock the potential of
those Apps. For example, PeopleFun was acquired in March 2018 and after a
year, we estimate PeopleFun had increased its quarterly revenue by over five
times and monthly installs on AppDiscovery by nearly seven times. 11
Similarly, in November 2019, we acquired Clipwire Games, which was not a
business client. After its first year using our Software, we estimate
Clipwire Games increased its quarterly revenue by four times and monthly
installs on AppDiscovery from zero to 254,000. 12
                                                                            
      For the three months ended December 31, 2020. We calculate this       
      figure as the average number of unique device                         
      identities that opens one of our Apps on each day in a period. We     
      use third-party attribution partners to measure this figure. An       
      individual who opens more than one App on a particular day will be    
  10  counted as more than one user for this purpose.                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
      The quarterly revenue measurement is based on a comparison of the     
      unaudited revenue of PeopleFun for January through                    
  11  March 2018 compared to our unaudited revenue generated by PeopleFun   
      for the same period in 2019. The monthly installs measurement is      
      based on internal data from AppDiscovery for the same periods.        
                                                                            
                                                                            
      The quarterly revenue measurement is based on a comparison of the     
      unaudited revenue of Clipwire Games for August                        
  12  through October 2019 compared to our unaudited revenue generated by   
      Clipwire Games for the same period in 2020. The monthly installs      
      measurement is based on internal data from AppDiscovery for the same  
      periods.                                                              
                                                                            
122

Acquired in Q1 2018 Texas-based PeopleFun was acquired in early 2018. The
team previously founded Ensemble Studios, the developer behind Age of
Empires. 1.4M st s 12 th i t ll A Dis v y 214k PRE-ACQUISITION VS. th +12
MONTHS INSTALLS i t ll T t l 5.4x Q rt ly R v 1x PRE-ACQUISITION VS. +12
MONTHS POST The quarterly revenue measurement is based on a comparison of
the unaudited revenue of PeopleFun for January through March 2018 compared
to our unaudited revenue generated by PeopleFun for the same period in 2019.
The monthly installs measurement is based on internal data from AppDiscovery
for the same periods.

Acquired in Q4 2019 Acquired Toronto, Canada-based studio in late 2019 after
identifying Bingo Story as a potential category leader. 254k t +12 months A
Di i t ll PRE-ACQUISITION VS. 0 +12 MONTHS INSTALLS i t ll T t l 4x Q rt ly
R 1x PRE-ACQUISITION VS. +12 MONTHS POST The quarterly revenue measurement
is based on a comparison of the unaudited revenue of Clipwire Games for
August through October 2019 compared to our unaudited revenue generated by
Clipwire Games for the same period in 2020. The monthly installs measurement
is based on internal data from AppDiscovery for the same periods.

Our Strategic Flywheel

The mutually reinforcing combination of our Software’s scaled distribution,
our App’s first-party content, and our Core
Technologies’ recommendation engine creates a powerful flywheel effect that
enhances each component and importantly improves our overall strategic
position and capabilities. As our Software improves and is able to deliver
more effective ads to
more relevant users, more developers use and integrate their apps with our
Software, growing our scaled distribution. This grows the number of users on
and level of engagement with our Apps and third-party apps. With a larger
number of users engaged
with our Software and our Apps, our App Graph gains more insights and data.
The enhanced App Graph feeds our AXON machine-learning recommendation
engine, improving its insights and matching capabilities. As the insights
generated by AXON improve,
the effectiveness of our Software is enhanced in real-time. Better Software
leads to more developer demand, restarting the virtuous cycle of our
strategic flywheel.

Our Software benefits from more apps and users from both our Apps and those
of third-party developers. Through more volume and better
underlying software, our Software can better match and price the supply of
advertising inventory and demand from advertisers, helping users discover
the apps they love and delivering better returns for developers.
Apps—whether third party or
our own—benefit from the improved marketing and monetization capabilities of
our Software, driving growth in users and revenue. With greater scale and
resources, developers can reinvest to create new apps, improve existing
apps, and further
invest in user acquisition, thereby growing the overall mobile app
ecosystem.

We derive highly strategic insights from our
flywheel. As the largest user of our Software, our Apps benefit from the
expertise and cost savings of our Software, leading to greater returns on
user acquisition spend. This allows our Apps to make significant investments
in user acquisition,
giving us further insights into the effectiveness of our tools and
monetization strategies across the ecosystem.

MORE USERS SERVED RELEVANT ADS Scaled Distribution First Party Content
AppDiscovery MARKETING MAX MONETIZTION APPLOVIN AppLovin Apps CONTINUOUSLY
IMPROVING SOFTWARE INCREASED INSIGHTS AND MORE DATA AXON App Graph
Infrasturcture Recommendation Engine

123

Higher monetization and more users more users served relevant ads more
likely to download more users download relevant apps more usage and data
better insights and more engagement appdiscovery marketing max monetization
applovin apps & client apps infrastructure app graph axon Our Strategic
Acquisitions and Partnerships We accelerate our technical capabilities,
strategic positioning, and growth through strategic acquisitions and
partnerships. We have developed a proven and repeatable process for
acquiring highly sophisticated technology that enhances our Platform and for
selecting and scaling our Apps global portfolio. Our business sits at the
nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which gives us deep insights into
potential acquisitions and partnerships. Additionally, as a first-hand
participant in the mobile app ecosystem, we have developed a strong
relationship with other participants, allowing us to more easily identify
and enter into partnerships or acquire companies and technologies. Our
acquisitions and partnerships include investments in software, such as our
acquisitions of MAX and SafeDK, and game studios, such as our acquisition of
PeopleFun and partnership with Belka Games. Our unique and active role in
the ecosystem allows us to make informed, data-driven decisions regarding
which tools best address developer pain points. As part of AppLovin, our
strategic acquisitions and partnerships benefit from our software and
expertise, typically achieving step-function improvements in performance.
Once we have acquired or partnered with a studio, we allow the studio to
maintain its creative autonomy and help the studio to manage its business
needs by leveraging all of the tools and capabilities of our Platform. Given
our strategic insights and long-standing relationships with many game
studios, we are able to identify highly attractive acquisitions and
partnerships. Since the beginning of 2018, we have invested over $1 billion
across 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships. We estimate that a year
after joining our portfolio, Apps we acquired in 2018 and 2019 have
increased their quarterly revenue over 100% on average. 13 Benefits to
Mobile App Developers Our Platform enables mobile app developers to:
                                                                            
       Reach and attract users at scale. Our Software reaches over 410      
       million users per day, enabling developers                           
  •    to target and find the right users for their apps worldwide.         
       Developers are able to set their user acquisition and revenue goals  
       to target the most relevant, highest value users.                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Maximize monetization of engagement. Developers use our Software to  
       generate incremental revenue by                                      
  •    maximizing the monetization of their mobile app ad inventory. Our    
       tools operate at nearly instantaneous speeds and at vast scale to    
       enhance monetization for developers while preserving the end user    
       experience.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Leverage proprietary data and insights. Developers benefit from      
       accessing comprehensive real-time                                    
  •    insights through our customized user dashboards, helping them        
       optimize campaigns, improve user engagement, and manage their        
       return on investment.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Automate time consuming and manual processes. Our Software           
  •    automates marketing and monetization,                                
       allowing developers to focus on improving their apps rather than     
       managing complex go-to-market processes manually.                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Seamlessly adapt to industry innovation. Our cloud-based Core        
       Technologies and Software are continuously                           
       updated as the mobile app ecosystem evolves. Developers on our       
  •    Software benefit from this ongoing advancement and optimization,     
       and are able to rapidly adapt to industry changes in marketing and   
       monetization without losing focus on mobile app                      
       creation.                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
      Based on a comparison of unaudited revenue for such acquired Apps     
  13  for the three months prior to the acquisition against                 
      our revenue from such Apps in the same period in the subsequent       
      year.                                                                 
                                                                            
124

Our Strengths
                                                                            
       Unique and improving position. Our competitive advantages, overall   
       growth, and strong financial profile                                 
       are a direct result of our integrated portfolio and strategic        
  •    flywheel. We leverage insights across our flywheel to optimize our   
       strategic position and business, in particular with regard to the    
       allocation of development resources and                              
       investments.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Proven and optimized mobile app discovery and monetization           
       technologies. For almost a decade, we have been                      
       improving our Platform. Powered by our AXON machine-learning         
       recommendation engine and our App Graph, we leverage deep insights   
       and technical expertise to create powerful software platforms and a  
  •    significant competitive advantage. It is built using                 
       a scalable, globally distributed framework with an elastic           
       architecture that allows us to rapidly build new technologies and    
       adapt to changing industry demands. We automate marketing and        
       monetization, freeing developers to focus on what they do            
       best—app development.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       An advantaged approach to the mobile apps market. Our Apps leverage  
       the strength of our Platform and                                     
       expertise to achieve strong discovery and monetization, leading to   
  •    a differentiated approach and business model. As part of the         
       AppLovin flywheel, our Apps provide more users and insights for our  
       Platform. This advantaged approach to the mobile apps                
       market provides the opportunity to expand into other mobile app      
       sectors.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Highly accretive approach to strategic acquisitions and              
       partnerships. We have a proven and repeatable                        
       playbook approach to our strategic acquisitions and partnerships.    
  •    Since the beginning of 2018, we have invested over $1 billion        
       across 15 strategic acquisitions and partnerships with app studios,  
       games, and technologies. The mobile app                              
       ecosystem remains highly fragmented and provides an ongoing growth   
       opportunity for us.                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Strong business model drives rapid growth and cash flow. Based on    
       our integrated assets and scale, we have                             
  •    a strong business model that has produced rapid revenue growth and   
       an attractive margin profile. We take a capital-efficient approach   
       to growth, resulting in significant cash flow. We are able to        
       reinvest this cash flow to fuel sustainable growth.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Founder-led business, with a proven and experienced team to          
       execute.                                                             
       Our co-founder, CEO, and Chairperson Adam Foroughi, leads a tenured  
       management team with significant experience in the mobile app        
  •    industry and scaling successful businesses. We believe the most      
       critical element to our success is our ability to attract and        
       retain the best talent. Our CEO and AppLovin have earned numerous    
       awards, including a Top CEO award from Glassdoor, Entrepreneur of    
       the Year Award in 2018 in Northern California from                   
       Ernst & Young, and multiple “best places to work” awards.            
                                                                            
Our Strategy for Growth We have a comprehensive strategy to continue our
growth and further enhance our market position in the mobile app ecosystem.
                                                                            
       Existing market expansion. We have an attractive market opportunity  
  •    within our growing mobile app segments                               
       and will continue to invest across our Core Technologies, Software,  
       and Apps:                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Enhance and extend machine-learning platform technologies. As we     
       increase our scale and reach, we                                     
  •    benefit from compounding improvements to our AXON machine-learning   
       recommendation engine, which in turn improves the efficacy and       
       growth of our Software solutions.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Expand distribution reach and software capabilities. Improvements    
       to AXON and our App                                                  
       Graph help to accelerate AppDiscovery’s growth. We also see an       
  •    opportunity to increase market adoption of our MAX monetization      
       solution, which is relatively new, and build out the distribution    
       reach of our Software by developing direct sales                     
       and partner channels.                                                
                                                                            
125
                                                                            
       Grow AppLovin Apps. We intend to grow our AppLovin Apps portfolio    
  •    by making appropriate user                                           
       acquisition investments, using live-ops to enhance engagement and    
       monetization of our Apps, and launching new titles.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       New market extensions. We believe our technology and expertise are   
  •    applicable to other                                                  
       market segments and geographies that we do not currently address:    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Expand into other mobile app segments and industries. Our long-term  
       objective is to power and                                            
       operate mobile apps across multiple verticals such as e-commerce,    
  •    entertainment, and health and wellness. We believe our deep          
       expertise and capabilities in the complex mobile gaming sector will  
       allow us to successfully apply our technology in other               
       verticals.                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Geographic expansion and industry partnerships. We have a large      
       international expansion opportunity given                            
  •    only 38% of our total revenue came from outside of the United        
       States in 2020. To expand our reach, we plan to further invest in    
       our sales and marketing to increase penetration among new and        
       existing clients.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Other performance marketing and yield marketing categories. We       
  •    believe our technology and                                           
       expertise are applicable to other large and growing performance      
       marketing categories beyond mobile apps.                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Pursue accretive strategic acquisitions and partnerships. Given our  
       proven track record, long-standing                                   
       relationships with key industry players, and reputation as a         
  •    partner of choice, we have a deep pipeline of software and app       
       investment opportunities which we will continue to pursue. We have   
       successfully invested over $1 billion across 15                      
       strategic acquisitions and partnerships across app studios, games,   
       and technologies.                                                    
                                                                            
Our Platform and Apps We solve the marketing and monetization challenges
facing mobile app developers through our Platform, which includes our Core
Technologies and Software. Our Platform helps grow the worldwide mobile app
ecosystem by enabling developers to scale their businesses while remaining
focused on creating and improving their apps. We scale our own Apps by fully
utilizing our Software and expert insights, while continuously improving our
software for the benefit of all developers. AppLovin Core Technologies
applovin core technologies axon machine learning app graph flexible, robust,
cloud infrastructure Our Core Technologies power our client-facing Software
and consist of our AXON machine-learning recommendation engine, our App
Graph, and a flexible, robust cloud infrastructure. The underlying elastic
architecture is managed through multiple cloud providers and our own co-
locateddata centers, handling massive amounts of data while remaining
flexible enough to rapidly add new solutions and technology in response to
changing market and customer needs. Our Core Technologies process device-
level data from hundreds of millions of devices. Our App Graph stores and
manages this anonymized data allowing AXON to then leverage it to better
predict and match users to relevant advertising content. These insights fuel
our Software, which better matches users to content and create a more
personalized experience. 126

Our Software also enables real-time auctions that optimize the value for
each impression, while simultaneously enabling developers to attain an
attractive value for each of the impressions from their inventory. The sum
total of these mutually reinforcing software elements has created a robust
and successful marketing and monetization engine that processed over 3
petabytes of data per day on average and up to 6.5 trillion events per day
in January 2021. Our Core Technologies operate at high scale and speed,
processing on average over 200 billion requests per day and as many as 3
trillion predictions per day in January 2021. AppLovin Software applovin
software marketing appdiscovery monetization max analytics compass Our
comprehensive Software suite enables app developers to automate their mobile
app marketing, engagement, and monetization efforts in three core ways.
First, we provide marketing technology that allows developers to reach more
of the most suitable users with personalized content, in order to increase
the number of users who download and engage with their apps. Second, we
provide developers with monetization and analytics technology to maximize
the value of their inventory by obtaining a high price for each impression.
Third, we provide developers a set of capabilities to optimize their apps
and help streamline their businesses. Our key Software offerings are
AppDiscovery, MAX, and Compass, which is part of MAX. AppDiscovery
AppDiscovery is a suite of marketing solutions that enables developers to
automate, optimize, and manage their marketing efforts. AppDiscovery is
powered by machine-learning with predictive algorithms that enable
developers to match their apps to users that are more likely to download
them. This form of personalized advertising focuses on the end user,
enabling the advertisers to find the right users and delivering to users
more of what they are likely to be interested in. AppDiscovery leverages our
AXON machine-learning recommendation engine to target the right users with
the right marketing campaign, at scale. Advertisers not only attract users
that download, but also find a high volume of users that stay and engage
with their apps for greater retention and ultimately, increased
opportunities for better monetization. Revenue from AppDiscovery comprises a
vast majority of revenue from our Software. With AppDiscovery, advertisers
can define the framework of their campaigns in the following ways:
                                                                            
       Reach: Advertisers identify what they are willing to pay to acquire  
  •    their target users. Our technology finds the                         
       users at that value who are most likely to download and engage with  
       the app.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Global scale: Advertisers can choose to connect with users in        
  •    different regions around the world, and our                          
       technology suggests the best locations based on their parameters.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Retain and engage: Our algorithms automatically adjust based on the  
       likelihood users will engage. Our clients can                        
  •    analyze by retention periods from initial app download onwards, so   
       that advertisers understand the effectiveness of their marketing     
       investments.                                                         
                                                                            
127
                                                                            
       Targeted  returns: Advertisers set their goals and target return on  
  •    ad sales and our algorithms adjust                                   
       cost and campaign specifics to meet them.                            
                                                                            
AppDiscovery includes the following features:
                                                                            
       Advanced campaign management: An interface to create, manage, and    
  •    automatically optimize campaigns based on                            
       return on ad sales goals.                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Real-time analytics: An interface to see results and optimize        
       against them with our ROI-based analytics environment.               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Life-Time-Value (LTV) reporting: A tool that breaks down campaign    
  •    results by source and location, allowing                             
       advertisers to make real-time, informed decisions about the value    
       and longevity of their campaigns.                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       High quality and quantity creatives: Advertisers can make and test   
  •    as many creatives as needed. They also have                          
       access to our in-house creative team for expert ad creation and      
       testing strategies.                                                  
                                                                            
MAX MAX is a suite of monetization solutions thatoptimize the value of a
developer’s traffic by running a single unbiased auction in which
advertisers bid simultaneously, driving more competition and higher prices
for publishers. MAX auctions are more effective than historical tools and
approaches because MAX yields more targeted users for advertisers and
enables publishers to achieve better prices for each impression. MAX has
become the preferred in-appbidding solution for many developers worldwide,
helping drive meaningful growth and momentum for MAX. MAX includes the
following features:
                                                                            
       Advanced in-app bidding technology: MAX’s competitive auctions       
       happen in real time with the most bidding platforms in the industry  
  •    bidding simultaneously for developers’ inventory at high volume.     
       The competitive global demand helps maximize average revenue per     
       user on each impression with many developers                         
       experiencing a measurable increase when moving to MAX.               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Automated monetization: MAX saves developers time through its        
       extensive suite of APIs for automation.                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Ad quality assurance and review: MAX drives superior user            
  •    experience with exclusive features that automatically                
       flag risky content to keep developers’ brands safe.                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Powerful insights: MAX helps developers better understand the LTV    
  •    for each user and increase revenue to maximize                       
       yield for each ad opportunity.                                       
                                                                            
128

Compass

The Compass Analytics tool within MAX provides insights to manage against
key performance indicators, understand the long-term value of
users, and help manage profitability. Through advanced reporting and
profitability analysis, Compass allows developers to measure their
performance holistically: moving from traditional campaign-level reports to
lifetime user performance reporting,
and from single app insights to reporting across revenue streams.

AppLovin Apps

applovin apps final fantasy xv word bingo

Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified portfolio of over 200
free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by twelve studios with a
deep bench of talented developers. Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios
have developed and
published more than 200 games across a number of genres including: casual,
hypercasual, match-three, midcore, and card/casino. Within our Apps, no
single game contributed more than 16% of our total revenue in 2020. Our Apps
contribute a highly
predictable and diversified stream of revenue which we leverage to invest
into acquiring more users and driving continued growth.

A
diverse portfolio allows us to reach multiple user demographics and
diversify our mobile game development across many different genres. We have
a broad audience on our Apps and this allows our Software to connect users
to a wide range of content.
Today, a large segment of our portfolio is casual games which have a lower
risk of development and generally have more predictable revenue streams and
return on investments. Casual games can be played a few minutes at a time
and appeal to a wide
range of users across many highly attractive demographics.

Our Owned Studios and Partner Studios leverage live ops to quickly
iterate and increase in-game monetization by optimizing app economies and
improving in-game conversion on items and offers. Our Software and expertise
provide analytical
tools, testing capabilities, and tools for apps like distributed
development, competitive insights, localizations resources, creative
services to develop and test ads and resource centers to access design and
development expertise.

129

We also provide a set of services that help both our Apps and third-party
developers optimize their games and leverage our expertise to better
streamline their business operations. Our Apps are operated by twelve Owned
Studios and Partner Studios located worldwide: STUDIO Lion Studios peoplerun
Magic Ant Firecraft Studios BELKA GAMES Clipwire GAMES GeeWa Redemption
GAMES machine zone zenlife GAMES KRYSS ATHENA STUDIO YEAR 2018 2018 2018
2019 2019 2019 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 2020 LOCATION United States United
States United States China Cyprus Canada Czech Republic United States United
States Singapore Denmark Vietnam GENRE Hypercasual Word Puzzle Mathc-three
Casual Bingo PvP Match-three Mid-core Resource Management Card Word APP
Hooked Inc. Wordscapes Fill - one-line Matchington Mansion Clockmaker Bingo
Story Smashing Four Sweet Escapes Final Fantasy XV Cooking Madness Kryss -
The Battle of Words Woody Block Puzzle #1 Top Grossing Sports Game in 17
countries #q Top Grossing Word Game in 106 countries #1 Top Grossing Trivia
Game in 28 countries #1 Top Grossing Family Game in 145 countries Top 100
Grossing Game in 101 countries Top 5 Grossing Board Game in 32 countries #1
Top Grossing Strategy Game in 15 countries Top 5 Grossing Puzzle Game in 51
countries #1 Top Grossing Role Playing Game in 105 countries Top 5 Grossing
Strategy Game in 46 countries Top 5 Grossing Word Game in 16 countries #1
Top Grossing Board Game in 103 countries According to App Annie these are
the best grossing ranks ever achieved on iOS. Competition We operate in a
fragmented mobile app ecosystem composed of divisions of large, well-
established companies as well as privately-held companies. The large
companies in our ecosystem may play multiple different roles given the
breadth of their businesses.
                                                                            
       Advertisers typically engage with several advertising platforms and  
       networks to purchase advertisements on mobile games                  
       and other mobile apps, looking to optimize their marketing           
  •    investments. Such advertising platform companies vary in size and    
       include players such as Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity          
       Software, as well as various private companies. Several of these     
       platforms, including Facebook, Google, Amazon, and Unity Software,   
       are also our partners and clients.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       There are many companies that develop online and mobile games and    
       other mobile apps. The larger gaming companies in our                
       ecosystem include Activision Blizzard, Tencent, and Zynga, as well   
  •    as other public and private companies. Many of these companies are   
       also our partners and clients. We also expect new players to enter   
       the market and existing companies to allocate                        
       more resources to develop and market more mobile games and apps.     
                                                                            
We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are:
                                                                       
  •    the ability to enhance and improve technologies and offerings;  
                                                                       
                                                                          
  •    knowledge, expertise, and experience in the mobile app ecosystem;  
                                                                          
                                                                      
  •    relationships with third parties in the mobile app ecosystem;  
                                                                      
                                                                 
  •    the ability to reach and target a large number of users;  
                                                                 
                                                                       
  •    the ability to identify and execute on strategic transactions;  
                                                                       
                                                                     
  •    the ability to successfully launch and monetize mobile apps;  
                                                                     
                                                      
  •    the pricing and perceived value of offerings;  
                                                      
                                  
  •    brand and reputation; and  
                                  
                                                              
  •    ability to expand into new offerings and geographies.  
                                                              
We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. 130

Our Values

Our AppLovin Values capture our company’s culture and guide our approach on
how we build and grow our business with all
stakeholders:

We seek excellence, together. We know that our customers trust us to deliver
immersive experiences and best-in-class tools. We take this very seriously,
challenging one another to always do better. We are our toughest critics and
most loyal fans. While we value individual
initiative, we collaborate to drive forward as one team.

We are tenacious, move fast, and deliver. We move quickly
and intentionally. Together we set a fast pace with high expectations, and
then move beyond. We leverage all of our resources so we do not miss
opportunities and find ways to deliver exceptional solutions.

We operate with integrity and intellectual honesty. We may move quickly and
deliver, but we do it the right way. We do
what is fair and operate with integrity because that is always the best
course for customers, partners and all other stakeholders.

We foster entrepreneurship to challenge what is next. Taking risks and
embracing challenges are part of our DNA. We
empower our employees to try new things, question others, and innovate. This
opens doors to new opportunities, which leads to more successful outcomes.

We excel through our culture of equality. Diversity and inclusion are
principles that guide how we build our teams, grow
our employees, and develop our company. We celebrate different approaches,
points of view, and our diverse voices. It connects us with the players,
developers, and global communities we serve.

Our employees are a key reason for our success and are essential for our
continued growth. We benefit from a distributed global
workforce and we plan to continue investing in hiring employees in our many
locations worldwide. Our culture, industry success, and competitive
compensation enable us to successfully retain our employees and to
effectively recruit and retain new
talent. We have been awarded multiple “best places to work” awards and our
CEO was recognized as a Top CEO by Glassdoor and Entrepreneur of the Year in
Northern California by Ernst & Young in 2019 and 2018, respectively.

In addition, following our initial public offering, we intend to use $75.0
million of our Class A common stock for charitable
purposes, which will allow us to amplify our impact in our industry and the
communities in which we work.

Research and Development

Continued investment in research and development is important to advancing
our Core Technologies, Software, and Apps. These advancements
are key to attaining our strategic objectives and meeting the evolving needs
of our customers. The underlying elastic architecture of our Core
Technologies allows us to create, test, and deploy new features rapidly
while distributing them globally.
We also continue to invest in new and existing Apps.

Our research and development team is working on cutting edge technologies,
which allows us to attract top talent globally. As of December 31, 2020, we
had approximately 571 employees, or 63% of our total headcount, involved in
research and development and related activities. Our research and
development organization
is based in Palo Alto, California with additional resources around the
world.

Intellectual Property

Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our intellectual
property rights with respect to our Core Technologies, Software,
and Apps, and to operate without infringing, misappropriating or

131

otherwise violating valid and enforceable third-party intellectual property.
We seek to accomplish that objective by establishing intellectual property
rights in and protecting those assets
through a combination of patents, patent applications, registered and
unregistered trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements,
confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties,
and other contractual measures. Though we rely in part upon these legal and
contractual protections, we believe
that factors, such as our unique position in the mobile app ecosystem and as
one of the largest mobile game publishers, our flywheel advantage, our
expertise and determination of our employees, and the functionality and
flexibility of our Platform
in an ever-evolving industry, are also key contributors to our success.

As of December 31, 2020, we owned the following
patents related to the business: 64 issued U.S. patents, 18 U.S. patent
applications, 28 non-U.S. issued patents, and 37 non-U.S. pending patent
applications. Our
issued U.S. patents, and any patents that may issue from our pending
applications, are scheduled to expire at dates ranging between 2022 and
2039, excluding any additional term for patent term adjustments or
extensions. In addition, as of
December 31, 2020, we owned the following trademarks related to the
business: 40 registered trademarks in the United States, 21 pending
trademark applications in the United States, as well as 443 registered
trademarks in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 78 pending trademark applications
in various non-U.S. jurisdictions. Finally, we have registered domain names
for websites that
we use in our business, such as www.applovin.com.

We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the
extent we
believe it would advance our business objectives and maintain our
competitive position. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no
assurance that we will adequately protect our intellectual property or that
it will provide any competitive
advantage. We take steps to protect our proprietary information, in part, by
entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants,
developers, and vendors, and generally limiting access to and distribution
of our proprietary
information. However, we cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will
prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. Despite our efforts to
protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt
to copy aspects of our
Core Technologies, Software, or Apps or obtain and use information that we
regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights
is difficult and time consuming. Further, our intellectual property rights
may be invalidated,
circumvented, or challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries
do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the
United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as
diligently as government
agencies and private parties in the United States. See the section titled
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property” for more information
regarding risks related to intellectual property.

Employees and Additional Team Members

As of
December 31, 2020, we had a total of 902 full-time employees located in
eight countries. As a result of our 15 strategic acquisitions and
partnerships, we also have access to approximately 1,100 additional team
members, approximately 71%
of whom are research and development resources and all of whom are located
outside of the United States. Our geographic diversification enhances our
ability to retain and attract highly skilled talent as well as manage our
headcount
costs. As of December 31, 2020, approximately 23% of our full-time employees
were located outside of the United States. None of our employees are
represented by a labor union. In certain countries in which we operate,
we are subject to, and comply with, local labor law requirements, which may
automatically make our employees subject to industry-wide collective
bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we
consider our relations with our
employees to be good. We work to identify, attract, and retain employees who
are aligned with and will help us progress towards our mission, and we seek
to provide competitive cash and equity compensation.

132

Compliance with Government Regulation

We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws and
regulations that affect companies conducting business on mobile
platforms, including those relating to privacy, data protection, and the use
and protection of data from employees, users and others (including minors),
the internet, behavioral advertising, mobile apps, content, advertising and
marketing
activities, sweepstakes and giveaways, and anti-corruption. Additional laws
and regulations relating to these areas likely will be passed in the future,
and these or existing laws and regulations may be interpreted or enforced in
new or expanded
manners, each of which could result in significant limitations on ways we
can collect and process data of users, employees and others, communicate
with users, and operate our business. New and evolving laws and regulations,
and changes in their
enforcement and interpretation, may require changes to our Platform, Apps,
or business practices, and may significantly increase our compliance costs
and otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. As
our business expands to
include additional Software and Apps, and our operations continue to expand
internationally, our compliance requirements and costs may increase and we
may be subject to increased regulatory scrutiny.

Data Privacy and Security Laws

The data we collect and otherwise process is integral to our Platform and
Apps, providing us with insights to improve our developer
tools, to optimize app discovery and monetization and to improve our Apps.
Our collection, use, receipt, and other processing of data in our business
subjects us to numerous U.S. state and federal laws and regulations, and
foreign laws and
regulations, addressing privacy, data protection and the collection,
storing, sharing, use, transfer, disclosure, protection and processing of
certain types of data. Such regulations include, for example, the European
Union General Data Protection
Regulation, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Section 5(a) of
the Federal Trade Commission Act, and the California Consumer Privacy Act.
We work to comply with, and to help allow developers and ecosystem partners
to comply
with, applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection
and information security. This helps underpin our strategy of building trust
and providing a strong experience to ecosystem partners and clients. See the
section titled
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We are subject to laws and
regulations concerning privacy, information security, data protection,
consumer protection, and protection of minors, and these laws and
regulations are
continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations” for additional information about our
approach to laws and
regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security.

Facilities

Our corporate headquarters is in Palo Alto, California, where we currently
lease approximately 72,812 square feet under a lease agreement
that expires in March 2027. We also lease and license facilities in the
United States in Carlsbad, San Francisco, San Jose, and Santa Clara,
California; Las Vegas, Nevada; Secaucus, New Jersey; and Richardson, Texas;
and internationally in Toronto,
Canada; Beijing and Shanghai, China; Limassol, Cyprus; Prague, Czech
Republic; Berlin, Germany; Dublin, Ireland; Herzliya, Israel; Tokyo, Japan;
and Seoul, South Korea.

We believe that our facilities are suitable to meet our current needs.
However, we intend to expand our facilities and add new
facilities as we add employees and enter new geographic markets, and we
believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available as
needed to accommodate any such growth. We expect to incur additional
expenses in connection with such
new or expanded facilities.

133

Legal Proceedings

From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims that
arise in the ordinary course of business, as well as
governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. In
addition, third parties may from time to time assert claims against us in
the form of letters and other communications. We are not currently a party
to any legal proceedings that,
if determined adversely to us, would, in our opinion, have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations,
or cash flows. Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves and
our business partners and to
determine the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary
rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current
or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of
the outcome,
litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and
settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors.

134

MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors The following table provides
information regarding our executive officers and directors as of February
28, 2021:
                                                                            
  Name                         Age    Position(s)                           
  Executive Officers:                                                       
  Adam Foroughi                 40    Chief Executive Officer and           
                                      Chairperson                           
  Herald Chen                   51    President, Chief Financial Officer,   
                                      and Director                          
  Katie Jansen                  42    Chief Marketing Officer               
  Vasily (Basil) Shikin         35    Chief Technology Officer              
  Victoria Valenzuela           47    Chief Legal Officer and Corporate     
                                      Secretary                             
  Non-Employee Directors:                                                   
  Craig Billings(1)(2)          48    Director                              
  Margaret Georgiadis(1)(3)     57    Director                              
  Edward Oberwager(2)           36    Director                              
  Cathy Sun(1)                  31    Director                              
  Eduardo Vivas(3)              35    Director                              
                                                                            
                                       
  (1)  Member of the Audit Committee.  
                                       
                                              
  (2)  Member of the Compensation Committee.  
                                              
                                                                     
  (3)  Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.  
                                                                     
Executive Officers Adam Foroughi .Mr. Foroughi is one of our co-foundersand
has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of
directors since December 2011. He was designated as Chairperson of our board
of directors in March 2021. He previously co-foundedtwo advertising
technology companies, Lifestreet Media Inc. and Social Hour Inc. Mr.
Foroughi holds a B.A. in Business Administration from the University of
California, Berkeley. Mr. Foroughi was selected to serve on our board of
directors because of the perspective and experience he brings as our Chief
Executive Officer and co-founder. Herald Chen .Mr. Chen has served as our
President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2019 and as a member of
our board of directors since August 2018. Prior to joining us, he served as
the head of Technology, Media and Telecom at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.
L.P. (together with its affiliates, KKR), an investment firm that manages
multiple alternative asset classes, from 2007 to 2019, having previously
worked for the firm from 1995 to 1997. He also currently serves on the board
of directors of GoDaddy, Inc., an online solutions provider, and Internet
Brands Inc., an integrated digital media and software services company. Mr.
Chen holds a B.S. in Economics (Finance) and a B.S.E. in Mechanical
Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and an M.B.A. from the
Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Chen was selected to
serve on our board of directors because of his extensive operating and
management experience, his knowledge of technology companies and his
experience serving on the boards of directors of other public and private
technology companies. 135

Katie Jansen. Ms. Jansen has served as our Chief Marketing Officer
since October 2012. Prior to joining us, she served as Vice President of
Marketing, Marketing Director at PlayFirst, Inc., a publisher of casual
games, from October 2009 to March 2012. She holds a B.S. in Psychology from
California Polytechnic State
University, San Luis Obispo and an M.B.A. from San Francisco State
University.

Vasily (Basil) Shikin. Mr. Shikin
has served as our Chief Technology Officer since January 2020 and prior to
that served as our Vice President of Engineering since January 2012. Prior
to joining us, from May 2008 to January 2012, he served as Senior Software
Engineer at
DeviceAnywhere, Inc., a cloud-based platform for testing and monitoring
mobile websites and applications acquired by Keynote Systems, Inc. Mr.
Shikin holds a Masters in Mathematics from Saint-Petersburg State
University.

Victoria Valenzuela.Ms. Valenzuela has served as our Chief Legal Officer and
Corporate Secretary since May 2020.
Ms. Valenzuela joined us through our acquisition of Machine Zone where she
served as Chief Legal Officer from January 2015 to April 2020. From May 2004
to December 2014, she served as General Counsel, Vice President, Legal
Affairs, and
Corporate Secretary of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, a semiconductor
company acquired by Infineon Technologies AG. Prior to Cypress
Semiconductor, she was a corporate and technology attorney with Brobeck,
Phleger & Harrison, LLP and
Clifford Chance LLP. She holds a B.A. in Political Science from California
State University, Fullerton and a J.D. from Stanford University Law School.

Non-EmployeeDirectors

Craig Billings. Mr. Billings has served as a member of our board of
directors since December 2020. Mr. Billings has
served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since March 2017 and as
President since May 2019 at Wynn Resorts, Limited, a developer and operator
of hotels and casinos. He has also served as a Non-Executive
Director of Wynn Macau, Limited, a majority owned subsidiary of Wynn Resorts
since August 2018. From December 2015 to January 2018, Mr. Billings served
as Non-Executive Chairman of NYX Gaming Ltd., a
developer of digital gaming systems which was acquired by Scientific Games
Corporation in January 2018. Mr. Billings has been a Certified Public
Accountant since 1999. He holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the
University of Nevada,
Las Vegas and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School.

Mr. Billings was selected to serve on our board of directors because of
his significant operational experience as an executive and his financial
expertise.

Margaret Georgiadis. Ms. Georgiadis has
served as a member of our board of directors since January 2021. Ms.
Georgiadis served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ancestry, a
global family history and consumer genomics company, from May 2018 to
December 2020. From February 2017 to
May 2018, she served as Chief Executive Officer of Mattel, Inc., a global
children’s entertainment company specializing in toys and consumer products.
She also has served as President, Americas, from 2011 to 2017 and Vice
President, Global
Sales Operations, from 2009 to 2011, at Google Inc., a global technology
company. She currently serves on the board of directors of McDonald’s
Corporation and several private companies, and previously served on the
board of directors of Amyris,
Inc. and Mattel, Inc. She holds an A.B. from Harvard College and an M.B.A.
from Harvard Business School.

Ms. Georgiadis was
selected to serve on our board of directors because of her significant
operational experience, her experience serving on the boards of directors of
other public companies, and her financial expertise.

Edward Oberwager.Mr. Oberwager has served as a member of our board of
directors since November 2019. He joined KKR
in 2008 where he is a Managing Director, Private Equity.

136

Mr. Oberwager currently serves on the board of directors of several
privately-held companies. Mr. Oberwager holds a B.A. in Classics from
Georgetown University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Mr.
Oberwager was selected to serve on our board of directors because of his
extensive experience as an investment professional and his experience
serving on the boards of directors of other technology companies. Cathy Sun
.Ms. Sun has served as a member of our board of directors since November
2019. She has also served on the board of Internet Brands Inc. since March
2020. She joined KKR in September 2016 where she is a Director. From August
2014 to August 2016, she was a member of the investing team at TPG Capital,
a private equity firm. She holds a B.A. in Economics from Harvard
University. Ms. Sun was selected to serve on our board of directors because
of her experience and perspective as an investment professional in the
technology industry. Eduardo Vivas .Mr. Vivas has served as a member of our
board of directors since August 2018. He has served as Chief Executive
Officer at Deal.com, Inc. (d/b/a Curated.com), an online outdoor sports
retailer he co-founded,since August 2017. From March 2014 to April 2017, Mr.
Vivas served as Head of Product, Talent Solutions at LinkedIn Corporation, a
business and employment-oriented online service. He joined LinkedIn through
its acquisition of Bright.com, an employment website company he co-
foundedand served as Chief Product Officer from October 2011 to February
2014. Mr. Vivas was selected to serve on our board of directors because of
his significant operational experience as an executive with technology
companies. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among any
of our executive officers or directors. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics
that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other executive and
senior financial officers. The full text of our code of business conduct and
ethics will be posted on the investor relations page on our website. We
intend to disclose any amendments to our code of business conduct and
ethics, or waivers of its requirements, on our website or in filings under
the Exchange Act. Board of Directors Our business and affairs are managed
under the direction of our board of directors. Our board of directors
currently consists of seven directors. Pursuant to our current certificate
of incorporation and voting agreement dated November 12, 2019 (the Prior
Voting Agreement), our current directors were elected as follows:
                                                                            
  •    Messrs. Foroughi, Chen, Billings, and Vivas were elected as the      
       designees nominated by holders of our common stock; and              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Mr. Oberwager and Ms. Sun were elected as the designees nominated    
  •    by holders of our Series A convertible                               
       preferred stock.                                                     
                                                                            
137

The Prior Voting Agreement will terminate and the provisions of our current
certificate of incorporation by which our directors were elected will be
amended and restated in connection with this offering. Pursuant to the terms
of such agreement, we have entered into an agreement with KKR Denali (the
Director Nominations Agreement). See “Description of Capital Stock—Director
Nominations Agreement” for a description of the Director Nominations
Agreement. After this offering, the number of directors will be fixed by our
board of directors, subject to the terms of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws that will
become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering. Each
of our current directors will continue to serve as a director until the
election and qualification of their successor, or until their earlier death,
resignation, or removal. KKR Board Designee Pursuant to the Director
Nominations Agreement, KKR Denali will have the right to designate a nominee
to our board of directors subject to the maintenance of certain ownership
requirements in us. See the section titled “Description of Capital
Stock—Director Nominations Agreement” for additional information. The
initial designee by KKR Denali is Mr. Oberwager. Director Independence and
Controlled Company Exemption Our board of directors has undertaken a review
of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each
director concerning their background, employment and affiliations, our board
of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Billings and Vivas and Ms.
Georgiadis do not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise
of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director
and that each of these directors is “independent” as that term is defined
under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. In making these
determinations, our board of directors considered the current and prior
relationships that each non-employee director has with our company and all
other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in
determining their independence, including the beneficial ownership of our
capital stock by each non-employee director, and the transactions involving
them described in the section titled “Certain Relationships and Related
Party Transactions.” After the consummation of this offering, the Class B
Stockholders will control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding
common stock. As a result, we will be a “controlled company” within the
meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Under these rules,
a “controlled company” may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements, including the requirements:
                                                                            
  •    that a majority of our board of directors consist of independent     
       directors;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       that our board of directors have a nominating and corporate          
  •    governance committee that is composed entirely of                    
       independent directors with a written charter addressing the          
       committee’s purpose and responsibilities;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       that our board of directors have a compensation committee that is    
  •    composed entirely of independent directors with a                    
       written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and               
       responsibilities; and                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and           
       corporate governance committee and compensation committee.           
                                                                            
For at least a period following this offering, we intend to utilize certain
of these exemptions. As a result, we will not have a majority of independent
directors and our compensation committee will not consist entirely of
independent directors. Accordingly, you will not have the same protections
afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the
corporate governance requirements. See the section titled “Risk
Factors—Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and 138

Governance—Following the completion of this offering, we will be considered
a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, and, as a result, we will qualify for, and intend to rely on,
exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.” In the event
that we cease to be a “controlled company” and our Class A common stock
continues to be listed on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with these
provisions within the applicable transaction periods. Lead Independent
Director Our board of directors has adopted, effective prior to the
completion of this offering, corporate governance guidelines that provide
that one of our independent directors will serve as our lead independent
director. Our board of directors has appointed Mr. Billings to serve as our
lead independent director. As lead independent director, Mr. Billings will
preside over periodic meetings of our independent directors, serve as a
liaison between the chairperson of our board of directors and the
independent directors and perform such additional duties as our board of
directors may otherwise determine and delegate. Committees of the Board of
Directors Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a
compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee.
The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our board
of directors is described below. Members will serve on these committees
until their resignation or until as otherwise determined by our board of
directors. Audit Committee Following the completion of this offering, our
audit committee will consist of Mr. Billings and Mses. Georgiadis and Sun,
with Mr. Billings serving as chairperson. Mr. Billings and Ms. Georgiadis
will meet the requirements for independence under the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements and SEC rules and regulations. We intend to utilize
the transition period under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements and
SEC rules and regulations, which provides that we must have a fully
independent audit committee within one year of listing on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market and the effective date of the registration statement of which
this prospectus forms a part, respectively. Each member of our audit
committee will also meet the financial literacy and sophistication
requirements of the Nasdaq listing standards. In addition, our board of
directors has determined that each of Mr. Billings and Mses. Georgiadis and
Sun is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d)
of Regulation S-Kunder the Securities Act. Following the completion of this
offering, our audit committee will, among other things:
                                                                            
  •    select a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered       
       public accounting firm to audit our financial statements;            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    help to ensure the independence and performance of the independent   
       registered public accounting firm;                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       discuss the scope and results of the audit with the independent      
  •    registered public accounting firm, and review, with                  
       management and the independent registered public accounting firm,    
       our interim and year-end results of operations;                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    develop procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously      
       about questionable accounting or audit matters;                      
                                                                            
                                                                    
  •    review our policies on risk assessment and risk management;  
                                                                    
                                               
  •    review related party transactions; and  
                                               
139
                                                                            
       approve or, as required, pre-approve, all audit and all permissible  
  •    non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be  
       performed by the independent registered public accounting firm.      
                                                                            
Our audit committee will operate under a written charter, to be effective
prior to the completion of this offering, that satisfies the applicable
rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing standards.
Compensation Committee Following the completion of this offering, our
compensation committee will consist of Messrs. Oberwager and Billings, with
Mr. Oberwager serving as chairperson. Mr. Billings will meet the
requirements for independence under the Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements. We intend to utilize the “controlled company” exemption from
having a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors.
Each member of our compensation committee will also be a non-
employeedirector, as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3promulgated under the
Exchange Act (Rule 16b-3).Following the completion of this offering, our
compensation committee will, among other things:
                                                                            
       review, approve and determine, or make recommendations to our board  
  •    of directors regarding, the compensation of our                      
       executive officers;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                  
  •    administer our equity compensation plans;  
                                                  
                                                                            
       review and approve and make recommendations to our board of          
  •    directors regarding incentive compensation and equity                
       compensation plans; and                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    establish and review general policies relating to compensation and   
       benefits of our employees.                                           
                                                                            
Our compensation committee will operate under a written charter, to be
effective prior to the completion of this offering, that satisfies the
applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the Nasdaq listing
standards. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Following the
completion of this offering, our nominating and corporate governance
committee will consist of Ms. Georgiadis and Mr. Vivas, with Ms. Georgiadis
serving as chairperson, and each of whom will meet the requirements for
independence under the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Following
the completion of this offering, our nominating and corporate governance
committee will, among other things:
                                                                            
       identify, evaluate and select, or make recommendations to our board  
  •    of directors regarding, nominees for election to our                 
       board of directors and its committees;                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    evaluate the performance of our board of directors and of            
       individual directors;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       consider and make recommendations to our board of directors          
  •    regarding the composition of our board of directors and its          
       committees;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                               
  •    review developments in corporate governance practices;  
                                                               
                                                                            
  •    evaluate the adequacy of our corporate governance practices and      
       reporting; and                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    develop and make recommendations to our board of directors           
       regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters.               
                                                                            
Our nominating and corporate governance committee will operate under a
written charter, to be effective prior to the completion of this offering,
that satisfies the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. 140

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the
members of our compensation committee is or has been an officer or employee
of our company. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the
past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation
committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions) of any
entity that has one or more of its executive officers serving on our board
of directors or compensation committee. See the section titled “Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions” for information about related
party transactions involving members of our compensation committee or their
affiliates. Non-Employee Director Compensation Our employee directors, Adam
Foroughi and Herald Chen, have not received any compensation for their
services as directors for the year ended December 31, 2020. The compensation
received by Adam Foroughi as an employee is set forth in the section titled
“Executive Compensation—2020 Summary Compensation Table.” Other than Craig
Billings, who was granted an option award under our 2011 Plan in connection
with his appointment to our board of directors in December 2020, our non-
employee directors did not receive any compensation for their service as
directors for the year ended December 31, 2020 and did not hold any
outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2020. The following table
provides information regarding the compensation of Craig Billings for
service as a director for the year ended December 31, 2020:
                                                    
  Name                     Option        Total ($)  
                    Awards ($)(1)                   
  Craig Billings          971,447  -2      971,447  
                                                    
                                                                            
       The amount reported represents the aggregate grant-date fair value   
       of the stock option, calculated in accordance with                   
       ASC 718. The assumptions used in calculating the aggregate           
       grant-date fair value of the stock option are set forth in Note 13   
  (1)  to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this  
       prospectus. Note that the amount reported in                         
       this column reflects the accounting cost for this stock option and   
       does not correspond to the actual economic value that may be         
       received by Mr. Billings from this stock option.                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       As of December 31, 2020, Mr. Billings had 21,000 shares subject to   
       this stock option award outstanding. This                            
       option is subject to an early exercise provision and is immediately  
       exercisable. The shares underlying this stock option vest, subject   
       to Mr. Billings’ continued role as a service provider to us, as to   
  (2)  1/12th of the total shares on                                        
       January 1, 2021, with 1/12th of the total shares vesting every       
       three months thereafter; provided that 100% any unvested shares      
       covered by the option will vest immediately prior to the closing of  
       an Acquisition or Other Combination (each as                         
       defined in our 2011 Plan).                                           
                                                                            
On January 15, 2021, Craig Billings received an option to purchase 12,950
shares of our Class A common stock under our 2011 Plan. All of the shares
subject to the option were fully vested on the date of grant and the option
was exercised in full in January 2021. On January 23, 2021, Margaret
Georgiadis received options to purchase a total of 206,000 shares of our
Class A common stock under our 2011 Plan. With respect to 21,000 shares,
1/12th of the shares will vest, subject to Ms. Georgiadis’s continued role
as a service provider to us, on April 21, 2021 with 1/12th of the shares
vesting every three months thereafter; provided that 100% of any unvested
shares covered by the option will vest immediately prior to the closing of
an Acquisition or Other Combination (each as defined in our 2011 Plan). The
options to purchase 185,000 shares were fully vested on the date of grant
and such options were exercised in full in January 2021. Outside Director
Compensation Policy Prior to this offering, we did not have a formal policy
with respect to compensation payable to our non-employee directors for
service as directors or non-employee director stock ownership guidelines.
141

From time to time, we have granted equity compensation awards to certain
non-employee directors to entice them to join our board of directors and for
their continued service on our board of directors. In February 2021, our
board of directors adopted, and our stockholders have since approved, a new
outside director compensation policy (the Director Compensation Policy) for
our non-employee directors that became effective the date of the
effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a
part. The Director Compensation Policy was developed with input from our
independent compensation consultant, Radford (Aon plc), regarding practices
and compensation levels at comparable companies. The Director Compensation
Policy is designed to attract, retain, and reward non-employee directors.
Under the Director Compensation Policy, each non-employee director will
receive the cash and equity compensation for board services described below.
We also will reimburse our non-employee directors for reasonable, customary,
and documented travel expenses to meetings of our board of directors or its
committee and other expenses. Maximum Annual Compensation Limit The Director
Compensation Policy includes a maximum annual limit of $750,000 of cash
compensation and equity compensation awards that may be paid, issued, or
granted to a non-employee director in any fiscal year (increased to
$1,000,000 in the non-employee director’s initial year of service as a non-
employee director). For purposes of this limitation, the value of equity
awards is based on the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with
GAAP). Any cash compensation paid or equity compensation awards granted to a
person for their service as an employee, or for their service as a
consultant (other than as a non-employee director), will not count for
purposes of the limitation. The maximum limit does not reflect the intended
size of any potential compensation or equity awards to our non-employee
directors. Cash Compensation Following the completion of this offering, non-
employee directors will be entitled to receive the following cash
compensation for their service under the Director Compensation Policy:
                                                        
  •    $50,000 per year for service as a board member;  
                                                        
                                                                  
  •    $60,000 per year for service as chairperson of the board;  
                                                                  
                                                                    
  •    $20,000 per year for service as lead director of the board;  
                                                                    
                                                                            
  •    $25,000 per year for service as chairperson of the audit committee;  
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    $10,000 per year for service as member of the audit committee;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    $20,000 per year for service as chairperson of the compensation      
       committee;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    $10,000 per year for service as member of the compensation           
       committee;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    $10,000 per year for service as chairperson of the nominating        
       committee; and                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    $5,000 per year for service as member of the nominating committee.  
                                                                           
Each non-employee director who serves as the chairperson of a committee will
receive only the annual cash fee as the chairperson of the committee, and
not the additional annual cash fee as a member of the committee. All cash
payments to non-employee directors are paid quarterly in arrears on a pro-
rated basis. 142

Equity Compensation

Initial Award

Each person who
first becomes a non-employee director after the date of the effectiveness of
the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part will
receive, on the first trading date on or after the date on which such
individual first becomes a
non-employee director, an initial award of RSUs (the Initial Award) (and,
the date the Initial Award is granted, the Grant Date). The Initial Award
will cover a number of shares of our Class A common stock having a grant
date fair value
(determined in accordance with GAAP) of $337,500, rounded to the nearest
whole share (the New Hire Award). The New Hire Award will vest in 12 equal
quarterly installments beginning on the first Quarterly Vesting Date to
occur after such individual
first becomes a non-employee director and each subsequent Quarterly Vesting
Date thereafter, subject to the non-employee director continuing to be a
service provider through the applicable vesting date. Our Quarterly Vesting
Dates are
February 20, May 20, August 20, and November 20. If the person was a member
of our board of directors and also an employee, becoming a non-employee
director due to termination of employment will not entitle them to an
Initial
Award.

Annual Award

Each non-employee director will automatically receive, on the date of each
annual meeting of our stockholders following the effective
date of the Director Compensation Policy, an annual award of RSUs (an Annual
Award) covering a number of shares of our Class A common stock having a
grant date fair value (determined in accordance with GAAP) of $225,000,
rounded to the nearest
whole share. The Annual Award will vest on the earlier of (i) the one-year
anniversary of the date the Annual Award is granted or (ii) the day prior to
the date of the annual meeting next following the date the Annual Award is
granted, in each case,
subject to the non-employee director continuing to be a service provider
through the applicable vesting date.

In the event of a
“change in control” (as defined in our 2021 Plan), each non-employee
director’s outstanding awards will fully vest, provided that the non-
employee director continues to be a non-employee director through the date
of the change in
control.

143

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Although we ceased to be an emerging growth company
on December 31, 2020, we will continue to be treated as an emerging growth
company for certain purposes, including executive compensation disclosure
rules through the completion of this offering. This section provides an
overview of the compensation of our named executive officers (our principal
executive officer and the next two most highly compensated executive
officers) for 2020 as well as our President and Chief Financial Officer.
These individuals are:
                                                                            
  •    Adam Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson of our    
       board of directors;                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    Herald Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer;  
                                                                
                                                       
  •    Katie Jansen, our Chief Marketing Officer; and  
                                                       
                                                      
  •    Victoria Valenzuela, our Chief Legal Officer.  
                                                      
Summary Compensation Table The amounts below represent the compensation
awarded to or earned by or paid to our named executive officers and Mr. Chen
for the year ended December 31, 2020:
                                                                            
  …                                                  N…        A…           
  …        F…        S…       B…            O…       I…        O…        …  
  …        Y…        (…       (…            A…       P…        C…        …  
  …                                         (…       C…        (…           
                                                     (…                     
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —             —        —        9…        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
       2…        4…        —             —        —        9…        4…     
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —             —        —        7…        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
       2…        6…        —            9…        —        3…        9…     
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        4…        —            5…       1…        9…        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
  …        2…        2…       6…  -6        2…        —        4…        …  
  …                                                                         
  …                                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amounts reported represent the aggregate grant-date fair value   
       of the stock options calculated in accordance with                   
       ASC 718. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair     
       value of the stock options reported in the Option Awards column are  
  (1)  set forth in Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements        
       included elsewhere in this prospectus. Note                          
       that the amounts reported in this column reflect the accounting      
       cost for these stock options and do not correspond to the actual     
       economic value that may be received by our named executive officers  
       from the stock options.                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amounts reported represent the amounts earned based upon         
  (2)  achievement of certain performance goals under our                   
       executive bonus program.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (3)  Represents, in each case, amounts paid in connection with 401(k)     
       matching by us.                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (4)  Mr. Chen became our President and Chief Financial Officer in         
       November 2019.                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (5)  Ms. Valenzuela became our Chief Legal Officer in May 2020 in         
       connection with our acquisition of Machine Zone.                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amount of Ms. Valenzuela’s bonus for 2020 was granted in         
       connection with her employment in May 2020 and                       
       reflects the pro-rated amount of $100,000 for the period of her      
       employment by us in 2020. In connection with Ms. Valenzuela’s        
  (6)  employment, we entered into an agreement for her to participate in   
       our executive bonus program. For 2020, we                            
       guaranteed the payment of her bonus on a pro-rated basis absent our  
       experiencing unexpected and significantly diminished financial       
       performance.                                                         
                                                                            
144

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Year-End The following table sets forth
information regarding outstanding equity awards held by our named executive
officers and Mr. Chen as of December 31, 2020:
                                                                            
                                                                   S…       
                                                                   A…    …  
                                                                   N…    …  
                                                                   of    …  
                             O…                                    s…    …  
                             A…                                    or    …  
                             N…          N…                        u…    …  
                             of          of                        of    …  
                             S…          S…                        s…    …  
                             U…          U…                        t…    …  
                             U…          U…       …                h…    …  
                     …       O…          O…       …       O…       n…    …  
  …        G…        …       (…          (…       …       E…       v…    …  
  …        D…        …       E…          U…       …       D…       (…    …  
  …        —         —        —          —        —       —         —    —  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  …        1…        …       2…  …       —     $  …       1…        —    —  
  …                                                                         
       1…        1…       —           —        —       —        …  -8       
  …        1…        …       7…  …       —     $  …       1…        —    —  
  …                                                                         
       1…        1…       —           —        —       —        …  -9       
       1…        1…       —           —        —       —        …  -…       
       1…        1…       —           —        —       —        …  -…       
  …        5…        …       1…  …       —     $  …       5…        —    —  
  …                                                                         
       5…        5…       —           —        —       —        …  -…       
       5…        5…       —           —        —       —        …  -…       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (1)  Each of the outstanding equity awards listed in the table above was  
       granted pursuant to our 2011 Plan.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This column represents the option exercise price per share of our    
  (2)  Class A common stock on the grant date, as                           
       determined by our board of directors.                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The amounts in this column reflect shares acquired upon the          
  (3)  early-exercise of options that remain subject to vesting             
       conditions and forfeiture.                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The market price for our Class A common stock is based upon the      
       assumed initial public offering price of                             
  (4)  $                     per share, which is the midpoint of the        
       estimated offering price range set forth on the cover page of this   
       prospectus.                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is         
       immediately exercisable. The vesting conditions are                  
  (5)  satisfied, subject to Mr. Chen’s continued role as a service         
       provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on November 4, 2020  
       with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is         
       immediately exercisable. The shares underlying this stock            
  (6)  option vest, subject to Ms. Jansen’s continued role as a service     
       provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on November 13,      
       2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       This option is subject to an early exercise provision and is         
       immediately exercisable. The shares underlying this stock            
  (7)  option vest, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s continued role as a         
       service provider to us, as to 1/4th of the total shares on May 19,   
       2021 with 1/48th of the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Mr. Chen’s          
  (8)  continued role as a service provider to us, as to                    
       1/4th of the total shares on November 4, 2020 with 1/48th of the     
       total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s        
  (9)  continued role as a service provider to us, as                       
       to 1/4th of the total shares on November 13, 2021 with 1/48th of     
       the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s       
  (10)  continued role as a service provider to us, as                      
        to 1/4th of the total shares on January 22, 2020 with 1/48th of     
        the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Jansen’s       
  (11)  continued role as a service provider to us, as                      
        to 1/4th of the total shares on January 12, 2018 with 1/48th of     
        the total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s   
  (12)  continued role as a service provider to us,                         
        as to 1/4th of the total shares on May 19, 2021 with 1/48th of the  
        total shares vesting monthly thereafter.                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The vesting conditions are satisfied, subject to Ms. Valenzuela’s   
  (13)  continued role as a service provider to us,                         
        as to 100% of the total shares on May 19, 2021.                     
                                                                            
145

Executive Employment Agreements

We have entered into employment letters setting forth the terms and
conditions of employment for each of our named executive officers and
Mr. Chen as described below.

Adam Foroughi

We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Mr.
Foroughi. The letter agreement does not have a specific
term and provides that Mr. Foroughi is an at-will employee. Mr. Foroughi’s
current annual base salary is $100,000.

Herald Chen

We have
entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Mr. Chen. The
letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides that Mr. Chen is
an at-will employee. Mr. Chen’s current annual base salary is $400,000.

Katie Jansen

We have
entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Ms. Jansen. The
letter agreement does not have a specific term and provides that Ms. Jansen
is an at-will employee. Ms. Jansen’s
current annual base salary is $400,000.

Victoria Valenzuela

We have entered into a confirmatory employment letter agreement with Ms.
Valenzuela. The letter agreement does not have a specific
term and provides that Ms. Valenzuela is an at-will employee. Ms. Valenzuela
is also eligible for a $1.0 million cash retention bonus that is earned once
she has been employed with us for one year
(the Retention Bonus). Ms. Valenzuela’s current annual base salary is
$400,000.

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control

Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan

In March 2021, our board of directors adopted an Executive Change in Control
and Severance Plan (the Executive Severance Plan) pursuant
to which our executive officers and certain other key employees are eligible
to receive severance benefits, as specified in and subject to the employee
signing a participation agreement under our Executive Severance Plan. This
Executive Severance
Plan was developed with input from Radford (Aon plc), regarding severance
practices at comparable companies. It will be designed to attract, retain,
and reward senior level employees. The Executive Severance Plan generally
will be in lieu of any
other severance payments and benefits to which such key employee was
entitled prior to signing the participation agreement, except as
specifically provided under that employee’s participation agreement under
the Executive Severance Plan.

Our board of directors has designated each of our executive officers as a
participant under our Executive Severance Plan eligible for
the rights to the applicable payments and benefits described below.

146

In the event of a “termination” of the employment of a named executive
officer by us for a reason other than “cause” or the named executive
officer’s death or “disability” (as such terms are defined in our Executive
Severance Plan), that occurs outside the change in control period (as
described below), the named executive officer will be entitled to the
following payments and benefits:
                                                                            
       a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of the named executive         
  •    officer’s annual base salary, or 18 months in the case               
       of Mr. Foroughi; and                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of                
       reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health         
  •    coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985   
       as amended (COBRA) for a period of 12 months, or 18 months in the    
       case of Mr. Foroughi.                                                
                                                                            
In the event of a “termination” of the employment by us for a reason other
than “cause” or the named executive officer’s death or “disability” or by
the named executive officer for “good reason” (as such terms are defined in
our Executive Severance Plan), in either case, occurring within a period
beginning three months prior to and ending 12 months following a “change in
control” (as defined in our Executive Severance Plan) (such period, the
change in control period), the named executive officer will be entitled to
the following payments and benefits:
                                                                            
       a lump sum payment equal to 18 months of the named executive         
  •    officer’s annual base salary, or 24 months in the case               
       of Mr. Foroughi;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       reimbursement, or taxable lump sum payment in lieu of                
       reimbursement, equal to the premium cost of continued health         
  •    coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985   
       as amended (COBRA) for a period of 18 months, 24 months in the case  
       of Mr. Foroughi; and                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       100% accelerated vesting of all outstanding equity awards, and,      
       with respect to equity awards with performance-based                 
  •    vesting, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be     
       deemed achieved at 100% of target levels for the relevant            
       performance period(s).                                               
                                                                            
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Mr. Chen, if his employment is
involuntarily terminated without “cause“ or he resigns for “good reason”
within the twelve months following a “change of control” (as such terms are
defined in his participation agreement), then he will automatically vest in
100% of the option award granted to him on November 5, 2019. In the case of
Ms. Valenzuela, if her employment is terminated by the Company without
“cause” or she resigns for “good reason” (as such terms are defined in her
participation agreement) on or prior to May 19, 2021, in addition to the
benefits described above: (A) if such termination occurs within the change
in control period, then she will receive a lump sum payment of her Retention
Bonus (less applicable withholding taxes); and (B) if such termination
occurs outside of the change in control period, then she will receive the
benefit described in the preceding clause (A) and (2) she will fully vest in
her stock option covering 90,000 shares granted on May 19, 2020. In
addition, in the case of Mr. Chen, upon an “acquisition” (as such term is
defined in his participation agreement), 50% of the unvested portion of his
stock option granted to him on November 5, 2019 (the “Original Option”) will
become vested. The receipt of the payments and benefits provided for under
the Executive Severance Plan described above is conditioned on the named
executive officer signing and not revoking a separation and release of
claims agreement and such release becoming effective and irrevocable no
later than the 60th day following the named executive officer’s involuntary
termination of employment, as well as compliance with certain non-
disparagement provisions and continued compliance with any confidentiality,
proprietary information, and inventions agreement applicable to the named
executive officer. 147

In addition, if any of the payments or benefits provided for under the
Executive Severance Plan or otherwise payable to a named executive officer
would constitute “parachute payments” within the meaning of Section 280G of
the Code and could be subject to the related excise tax, the named executive
officer will receive either full payment of such payments and benefits or
such lesser amount that would result in no portion of the payments and
benefits being subject to the excise tax, whichever results in the greater
amount of after-tax benefits to them. Except as discussed above, the
Executive Severance Plan does not require us to provide any tax gross-up
payments to the named executive officers. Employee Benefit and Stock Plans
2021 Equity Incentive Plan Our board of directors has adopted and our
stockholders have approved our 2021 Plan. Our 2021 Plan will be effective on
the business day immediately prior to the effective date of the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Our 2021 Plan will provide
for the grant of incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), to our
employees and any parent and subsidiary companies’ employees, and for the
grant of nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock
units (RSUs), stock appreciation rights (SARs), performance units, and
performance shares to our employees, directors, and consultants and our
parent and subsidiary companies’ employees and consultants. Our board of
directors is expected to approve the termination of our 2011 Plan
immediately prior to the effectiveness of our 2021 Plan with respect to the
grant of future awards. Authorized Shares A total of 39,000,000 shares of
our Class A common stock will be reserved for issuance pursuant to our 2021
Plan. In addition, the shares reserved for issuance under our 2021 Plan also
will include any shares subject to stock options, RSUs, or similar awards
granted under our 2011 Plan that, after the date our board of directors
approved our 2021 Plan, expire or otherwise terminate without having been
exercised in full, are tendered to or withheld by us for payment of an
exercise price or for satisfying tax withholding and remittance obligations,
or are forfeited to or repurchased by us due to failure to vest (provided
that the maximum number of shares that may be added to our 2021 Plan
pursuant to the foregoing is 19,840,000 shares). The number of shares
available for issuance under our 2021 Plan will also include an annual
increase on the first day of each fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2021,
equal to the least of:
                           
  •    39,000,000 shares;  
                           
                                                                            
       five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of our    
  •    common stock as of the last day of the immediately                   
       preceding fiscal year; or                                            
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    such other amount as our board of directors may determine.  
                                                                   
If an award granted under the 2021 Plan expires or becomes unexercisable
without having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an
exchange program or, with respect to restricted stock, RSUs, performance
units, or performance shares, is forfeited or repurchased due to failure to
vest, then the unpurchased shares (or for awards other than stock options or
SARs, the forfeited or repurchased shares) will become available for future
grant or sale under the 2021 Plan. With respect to SARs, only the net shares
actually issued will cease to be available under the 2021 Plan and all
remaining shares under SARs will remain available for future grant or sale
under the 2021 Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the 2021
Plan under any award will not be returned to the 148

2021 Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant to awards of
restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares, or performance units are
repurchased or forfeited, such shares will become
available for future grant under the 2021 Plan. Shares used to pay the
exercise price of an award or to satisfy the tax withholding and remittance
obligations related to an award will become available for future grant or
sale under the 2021 Plan. To
the extent an award is paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash
payment will not result in a reduction in the number of shares available for
issuance under the 2021 Plan.

Plan Administration

Our
board of directors or one or more committees appointed by our board of
directors will administer our 2021 Plan. The compensation committee of our
board of directors is expected to administer our 2021 Plan. In addition, if
we determine it is
desirable to qualify transactions under our 2021 Plan as exempt under Rule
16b-3, such transactions will be structured with the intent that they
satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. Subject to the
provisions of our 2021 Plan, the administrator will have the power to
administer our 2021 Plan and make all determinations deemed necessary or
advisable for administering the 2021 Plan,
including, but not limited to, the power to determine the fair market value
of our Class A common stock, select the service providers to whom awards may
be granted, determine the number of shares covered by each award, approve
forms of award
agreements for use under the 2021 Plan, determine the terms and conditions
of awards (including, but not limited to, the exercise price, the time or
times at which the awards may be exercised, any vesting acceleration or
waiver or forfeiture
restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any award or the
shares relating thereto), construe and interpret the terms of our 2021 Plan
and awards granted under it, prescribe, amend, and rescind rules,
regulations, and sub-plans relating to our 2021 Plan, and modify or amend
each award, including, but not limited to, the discretionary authority to
extend the post-termination exercisability period of awards (provided that
no option
or stock appreciation right will be extended past its original maximum
term), and to allow a participant to defer the receipt of payment of cash or
the delivery of shares that would otherwise be due to such participant under
an award. The
administrator also will have the authority to allow participants the
opportunity to transfer outstanding awards to a financial institution or
other person or entity selected by the administrator and to institute an
exchange program by which
outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of
the same type which may have a higher or lower exercise price and/or
different terms, awards of a different type, and/or cash, or by which the
exercise price of an
outstanding award is increased or reduced. The administrator’s decisions,
interpretations, and other actions are final and binding on all
participants.

Stock Options

Stock
options may be granted under our 2021 Plan. The exercise price of options
granted under our 2021 Plan must at least be equal to the fair market value
of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. The administrator will
determine the term of
each option, provided that the term of an incentive stock option may not
exceed ten years. With respect to any participant who owns more than 10% of
the voting power of all classes of our outstanding stock, the term of an
incentive stock option
granted to such participant must not exceed five years and the exercise
price must equal at least 110% of the fair market value on the grant date.
The administrator will determine the methods of payment of the exercise
price of an option, which may
include cash, shares, or other property acceptable to the administrator, as
well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the
termination of service of an employee, director, or consultant, he or she
may exercise his or her
option for the period of time stated in his or her option agreement. In the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, if termination is due to
death or disability, the option will remain exercisable for 12 months. In
all other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain
exercisable for three months following the termination of service. An option
may not be exercised later than the expiration of its term. Subject to the
provisions of our 2021
Plan, the administrator determines the other terms of options.

149

Stock Appreciation Rights

SARs may be granted under our 2021 Plan. SARs allow the recipient to receive
the appreciation in the fair market value of our
Class A common stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. SARs
may not have a term exceeding ten years. After the termination of service of
an employee, director, or consultant, he or she may exercise his or her
stock appreciation
right for the period of time stated in his or her SARs agreement. In the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, if termination is due to
death or disability, the SARs will remain exercisable for 12 months. In all
other cases, in the
absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the SARs will remain
exercisable for three months following the termination of service. However,
in no event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the
expiration of its term.
Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, the administrator determines the
other terms of SARs, including when such rights become exercisable and
whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of our
Class A common stock, or
a combination thereof, except that the per share exercise price for the
shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a stock appreciation right
will be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of
grant.

Restricted Stock

Restricted
stock may be granted under our 2021 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants
of shares of our Class A common stock that vest in accordance with terms and
conditions established by the administrator. The administrator will
determine the number
of shares of restricted stock granted to any employee, director, or
consultant and, subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, will determine
the terms and conditions of such awards. The administrator may impose
whatever conditions to vesting it
determines to be appropriate (for example, the administrator may set
restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals or
continued service to us); provided, however, that the administrator, in its
sole discretion, may accelerate
the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. Recipients of
restricted stock awards generally will have voting and dividend rights with
respect to such shares upon grant without regard to vesting, unless the
administrator provides
otherwise. Shares of restricted stock that do not vest are subject to our
right of repurchase or forfeiture.

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs may be granted under our 2021 Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping entries
representing an amount equal to the fair market value of one share
of our Class A common stock. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Plan, the
administrator determines the terms and conditions of RSUs, including the
vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The administrator may
set vesting
criteria based upon the achievement of company-wide, divisional, business
unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued
employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any
other basis determined by the
administrator in its discretion. The administrator, in its sole discretion,
may pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of our Class A common
stock, or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
administrator, in its
sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any vesting requirements
will be deemed satisfied. Participants will have no voting rights with
respect to RSUs until the date shares are issued with respect to such RSUs.
The administrator may
provide that a participant is entitled to receive dividend equivalents with
respect to the payment of cash dividends on shares having a record date
prior to the date on which the applicable RSUs are settled or forfeited in
accordance with our 2021
Plan.

Performance Units and Performance Shares

Performance units and performance shares may be granted under our 2021 Plan.
Performance units and performance shares are awards that
will result in a payment to a participant only if performance goals
established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest.
The

150

administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting
criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which they are
met, will determine the number and/or the value
of performance units and performance shares to be paid out to participants.
The administrator may set performance objectives based on the achievement of
company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but
not limited to,
continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities
laws, or any other basis determined by the administrator in its discretion.
After the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the
administrator, in its sole
discretion, may reduce or waive any performance criteria or other vesting
provisions for such performance units or performance shares. Performance
units shall have an initial dollar value established by the administrator on
or prior to the grant
date. Performance shares shall have an initial value equal to the fair
market value of our Class A common stock on the grant date. The
administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned performance units or
performance shares in the form of
cash, in shares, or in some combination thereof. Participants will have no
voting rights with respect to performance units and/or performance shares
until the date shares are issued with respect to such performance units
and/or performance shares.
The administrator may provide that a participation is entitled to receive
dividend equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on shares
having a record date prior to the date on which the applicable performance
shares are settled or
forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Plan.

Non-Transferabilityof Awards

Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2021 Plan generally will
not allow for the transfer of awards and only the recipient of
an award may exercise an award during his or her lifetime. If the
administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain such
additional terms and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate.

Certain Adjustments

In the
event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution or
enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits available under our 2021
Plan, the administrator will adjust the number and class of shares that may
be delivered under our
2021 Plan and/or the number, class, and price of shares covered by each
outstanding award and the numerical share limits set forth in our 2021 Plan.

Dissolution or Liquidation

In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator
will notify participants as soon as practicable and all awards
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
transaction.

Merger or Change in Control

Our 2021 Plan will provide that in the event of our merger with or into
another corporation or entity or a change in control (as defined
in our 2021 Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as the
administrator determines, including, without limitation, that (i) awards
will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by
the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the
number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to a
participant, that the participant’s awards will terminate upon or
immediately prior to the
consummation of such merger or change in control; (iii) outstanding awards
will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions
applicable to an award will lapse, in whole or in part, prior to or upon
consummation of such
merger or change in control and, to the extent the administrator determines,
terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or
change in control; (iv) (A) the termination of an award in exchange for an
amount of cash
and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained
upon the exercise of such award or realization of

151

the participant’s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the
transaction the administrator
determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the
exercise of such award or realization of the participant’s rights, then such
award may be terminated by us without payment), or (B) the replacement of
such award
with other rights or property selected by the administrator in its sole
discretion; (v) with respect only to an award (or portion thereof) that is
unvested as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger or
change in control, the
termination of the award immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger or change in control with such payment to the participant (including
no payment) as the administrator determines in its discretion; or (vi) any
combination of the
foregoing. The administrator will not be obligated to treat all
participants, awards, all awards a participant holds, or all awards of the
same type, similarly in the transaction.

In the event an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or
substituted in the event of a merger or change in control, the
administrator will notify each participant in writing or electronically that
the option or stock appreciation right, as applicable, will be exercisable
for a period of time determined by the administrator in its sole discretion,
and the option or
stock appreciation right, as applicable, will terminate upon the expiration
of such period.

For awards granted to an outside
director, in the event of a change in control, the outside director will
fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of their outstanding
options and SARs, all restrictions on restricted stock and RSUs will lapse
and, for awards with
performance-based vesting, unless specifically provided for in the award
agreement, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed
achieved at 100% of target levels and all other terms and conditions met.

Clawback

Awards will be
subject to any clawback policy of ours, and the administrator also may
specify in an award agreement that the participant’s rights, payments,
and/or benefits with respect to an award will be subject to reduction,
cancellation, forfeiture,
and/or recoupment upon the occurrence of certain specified events. Our board
of directors may require a participant to forfeit, return, or reimburse us
all or a portion of the award and/or shares issued under the award, any
amounts paid under the
award, and any payments or proceeds paid or provided upon disposition of the
shares issued under the award in order to comply with such clawback policy
or applicable laws.

Amendment and Termination

The administrator will have the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate
our 2021 Plan provided such action does not impair the existing
rights of any participant. Our 2021 Plan will continue in effect until
terminated by the administrator, but (i) no incentive stock options may be
granted after ten years from the date our 2021 Plan was adopted by our board
of directors and
(ii) the annual increase to the number of shares available for issuance
under our 2021 Plan will operate only until the tenth anniversary of the
date our 2021 Plan was adopted by our board of directors.

2011 Equity Incentive Plan

Our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our Amended
and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (our 2011 Plan) in
October 2011. Our 2011 Plan was most recently amended in September 2020. Our
2011 Plan allows for the grant of incentive stock options, within the
meaning of Section 422 of the Code, to employees or ours and of a parent and
subsidiary of ours,
and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, RSUs, SARs, and restricted
stock to employees, officers, directors and consultants of ours or any
parent or subsidiary of ours.

152

Authorized Shares

Our 2011 Plan will be terminated in connection with this offering, and
accordingly, no shares will be available for issuance under the
2011 Plan following the completion of this offering. Our 2011 Plan will
continue to govern outstanding awards granted thereunder. As of December 31,
2020, there were options to purchase 20,867,025 shares of our Class A common
stock
outstanding at a weighted-average exercise price of $6.25 per share.

Plan Administration

Our board of directors or a committee created and appointed by our board of
directors, in either case the administrator, administers our
2011 Plan. Subject to general purposes, terms and conditions of our 2011
Plan, and to the direction of our board of directors, the administrator has
full power to implement and carry out our 2011 Plan.

The administrator may, at any time or from time to time, authorize the
Company, with the consent of the respective participants, to
issue new awards in exchange for the surrender and cancellation of any or
all outstanding awards. Without prior stockholder approval the administrator
may reprice options or SARs (and where such repricing is a reduction in the
exercise price of
outstanding options or SARs, the consent of the affected participants is not
required provided written notice is provided to them). The administrator may
at any time buy from a participant an award previously granted with payment
in cash, shares
(including Restricted Stock) or other consideration, based on such terms and
conditions as the administrator and the participant may agree.

Eligibility

Employees,
officers, directors and consultants of ours or our parent or subsidiary
companies are eligible to receive awards under our 2011 Plan, except that
only employees of ours or our parent or subsidiary companies are eligible to
receive incentive stock
options.

Options

The
administrator may grant options under our 2011 Plan to eligible persons and
will determine whether such options will be incentive stock options or
nonqualified stock options, the number of shares subject to the option, the
exercise price of the
option, the period during which the option may be exercised, and all other
terms and conditions of the option, subject to our 2011 Plan. Our 2011 Plan
provides that the exercise price of an option is determined by the
administrator when the option
is granted and generally is not less than the fair market value per share,
except that the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a
person who directly or by attribution owns more than 10% of the total
combined voting power of all
classes of stock of ours or any parent or subsidiary of ours, or a 10%
Stockholder, will not be less than one 110% of the fair market value of the
shares on the date of grant. Our 2011 Plan also provides that the term of a
stock option may not
exceed 10 years, and the term of an incentive stock option granted to a 10%
Stockholder may not exceed 5 years. If the employment or service of an
option recipient is terminated for any reason other than cause, then the
recipient (or the
recipient’s legal representative or authorized assignee) generally may
exercise the vested portion of his or her option within 3 months following
the termination date (or such other period determined by the administrator,
provided that such
period extends at least 30 days following the termination date), except that
if the termination is a result of the recipient’s death or recipient dies
within 3 months following his or her termination date, then such period
generally will be 12
months (or such other period determined by the administrator, provided that
such period extends at least 6 months following the termination date),
subject in all cases to the expiration date of the option. The administrator
may modify, extend or
renew outstanding options and authorize the grant of new options in
substitution for

153

outstanding options, provided that any such action may not, without the
written consent of the recipient of an option, impair such person’s rights
under any option previously granted. Any
outstanding incentive stock option that is modified, extended, renewed or
otherwise altered will be treated in accordance with Section 424(h) of the
Code. Subject to our 2011 Plan, the administrator may reduce the exercise
price of outstanding
options without the consent of option recipients by a written notice to
them, except the exercise price may not be reduced below the fair market
value of a share on the date of reduction.

Restricted Stock

A
restricted stock award is an offer by us to sell to an eligible person
shares of our Class A common stock that are subject to certain specified
restrictions. The administrator determines to whom an offer will be made,
the number of shares the
person may purchase, the purchase price, the restrictions to which the
shares will be subject, and all other terms and conditions of the Restricted
Stock Award, subject to the terms and conditions of our 2011 Plan. Our 2011
Plan provides that
holders of restricted stock will be entitled to receive all dividends and
other distributions paid with respect to such restricted stock, unless
provided otherwise by the administrator. Shares of restricted stock that do
not vest are subject to our
right of repurchase or forfeiture.

Restricted Stock Units

Our 2011 Plan permits the grant of awards of RSUs, which may be settled in
cash, or by issuance of shares at a date in the future. No
purchase price shall apply to an RSU settled in shares. To the extent
permissible under applicable law, the administrator may permit a participant
to defer payment under an RSU to a date or dates after the RSU is earned,
provided that the terms of
the RSU and any deferral satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the
Code (or any successor). Payment may be made in the form of cash or whole
Shares or a combination thereof, all as the administrator determines.

Transferability of Awards

Except as permitted by the administrator, awards granted under our 2011
Plan, and any interest therein, will not be transferable or
assignable by any participant, other than by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution, except that nonstatutory stock options may be transferred
by instrument to an inter vivos or testamentary trust in accordance with the
terms of our 2011
Plan.

Certain Adjustments

In the event that the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common
stock is changed by a stock dividend, recapitalization,
stock split, reverse stock split, subdivision, combination, reclassification
or other change in our capital structure affecting shares without
consideration, then in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the
benefits or potential benefits
intended to be made available under our 2011 Plan (i) the number of shares
reserved for issuance under our 2011 Plan, (ii) the exercise prices of and
number of shares subject to outstanding options and SARs, and (iii) the
purchase
prices of and/or number of shares subject to other outstanding awards will
be proportionately adjusted, subject to any required action by our board of
directors or our stockholders and compliance with applicable securities
laws. However, fractions
of a share will not be issued but will either be paid in cash at the fair
market value of such fraction of a share or will be rounded down to the
nearest whole share, as determined by the administrator.

Corporate Transactions

Our
2011 Plan provides that, in the event that we are subject to an acquisition
or other combination, outstanding awards acquired under our 2011 Plan will
be subject to the agreement

154

evidencing the acquisition or other combination. The agreement need not
treat all outstanding awards in an identical matter.

Amendment; Termination

Our
board of directors may amend, suspend, or terminate our 2011 Plan at any
time, provided that such action will not affect outstanding awards
previously issued or granted without the written consent of the recipient of
such award. As noted above,
immediately prior to the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, our 2011 Plan will
be terminated and no further awards will be granted thereunder. All
outstanding awards will continue to be governed by their existing terms.

2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan

Our board of directors has adopted and our stockholders have approved our
2021 Partner Plan. Our 2021 Partner Plan will be effective on
the business day immediately prior to the effective date of the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Our 2021 Partner Plan will
provide for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock,
restricted stock units
(RSUs), stock appreciation rights (SARs), performance units, and performance
shares to individuals or entities engaged by us or a parent or subsidiary of
ours to render bona fide services to the party engaging such individual or
entity.

Authorized Shares

A total of
390,000 shares of our Class A common stock will be reserved for issuance
pursuant to our 2021 Partner Plan.

If an award
granted under the 2021 Partner Plan expires or becomes unexercisable without
having been exercised in full, is surrendered pursuant to an exchange
program or, with respect to restricted stock, RSUs, performance units, or
performance shares, is
forfeited or repurchased due to failure to vest, then the unpurchased shares
(or for awards other than stock options or SARs, the forfeited or
repurchased shares) will become available for future grant or sale under the
2021 Partner Plan. With
respect to SARs, only the net shares actually issued will cease to be
available under the 2021 Partner Plan and all remaining shares under SARs
will remain available for future grant or sale under the 2021 Partner Plan.
Shares that have actually
been issued under the 2021 Partner Plan under any award will not be returned
to the 2021 Partner Plan; provided, however, that if shares issued pursuant
to awards of restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares, or performance
units are repurchased or
forfeited, such shares will become available for future grant under the 2021
Partner Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an award or to
satisfy the tax withholding and remittance obligations related to an award
will become available for
future grant or sale under the 2021 Partner Plan. To the extent an award is
paid out in cash rather than shares, such cash payment will not result in a
reduction in the number of shares available for issuance under the 2021
Partner Plan.

Plan Administration

Our
board of directors or one or more committees appointed by our board of
directors will administer our 2021 Partner Plan. The compensation committee
of our board of directors is expected to administer our 2021 Partner Plan.
Subject to the provisions
of our 2021 Partner Plan, the administrator will have the power to
administer our 2021 Partner Plan and make all determinations deemed
necessary or advisable for administering the 2021 Partner Plan, including,
but not limited to, the power to
determine the fair market value of our Class A common stock, select the
service providers to whom awards may be granted, determine the number of
shares covered by each award, approve forms of award agreements for use
under the 2021 Partner
Plan, determine the terms and conditions

155

of awards (including, but not limited to, the exercise price, the time or
times at which the awards may be exercised, any vesting acceleration or
waiver or forfeiture restrictions, and any
restriction or limitation regarding any award or the shares relating
thereto), construe and interpret the terms of our 2021 Partner Plan and
awards granted under it, prescribe, amend, and rescind rules, regulations,
and sub-plans relating
to our 2021 Partner Plan, and modify or amend each award, including, but not
limited to, the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination
exercisability period of awards (provided that no option or stock
appreciation right will be extended
past its original maximum term), and to allow a participant to defer the
receipt of payment of cash or the delivery of shares that would otherwise be
due to such participant under an award. The administrator also will have the
authority to allow
participants the opportunity to transfer outstanding awards to a financial
institution or other person or entity selected by the administrator and to
institute an exchange program by which outstanding awards may be surrendered
or cancelled in
exchange for awards of the same type which may have a higher or lower
exercise price and/or different terms, awards of a different type, and/or
cash, or by which the exercise price of an outstanding award is increased or
reduced. The
administrator’s decisions, interpretations, and other actions are final and
binding on all participants.

Stock Options

Stock options may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. The exercise price
of options granted under our 2021 Partner Plan must at least
be equal to the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the date of
grant. The administrator will determine the term of each option. The
administrator will determine the methods of payment of the exercise price of
an option, which may
include cash, shares, or other property acceptable to the administrator, as
well as other types of consideration permitted by applicable law. After the
termination of service of participant, it, he or she may exercise its, his
or her option for the
period of time stated in its, his or her option agreement. In the absence of
a specified time in an award agreement, the option will remain exercisable
three months following the termination of service. An option may not be
exercised later than the
expiration of its term. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Partner Plan,
the administrator determines the other terms of options.

Stock Appreciation Rights

SARs may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. SARs allow the recipient to
receive the appreciation in the
fair market value of our Class A common stock between the exercise date and
the date of grant. SARs may not have a term exceeding ten years. After the
termination of service of a participant, it, he or she may exercise its, his
or her stock
appreciation right for the period of time stated in its, his or her SARs
agreement. In the absence of a specified time in an award agreement, the
SARs will remain exercisable for three months following the termination of
service. However, in no
event may a stock appreciation right be exercised later than the expiration
of its term. Subject to the provisions of our 2021 Partner Plan, the
administrator determines the other terms of SARs, including when such rights
become exercisable and
whether to pay any increased appreciation in cash or with shares of our
Class A common stock, or a combination thereof, except that the per share
exercise price for the shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of a
stock appreciation right will
be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of
grant.

Restricted Stock

Restricted stock may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. Restricted
stock awards are grants of shares of our Class A common
stock that vest in accordance with terms and conditions established by the
administrator. The administrator will determine the number of shares of
restricted stock granted to any eligible individual or entity and, subject
to the provisions of our
2021 Partner Plan, will determine the terms and conditions of such awards.
The administrator may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to
be appropriate (for example, the administrator may set restrictions based on
the

156

achievement of specific performance goals or continued service to us);
provided, however, that the administrator, in its sole discretion, may
accelerate the time at which any restrictions will
lapse or be removed. Recipients of restricted stock awards generally will
have voting and dividend rights with respect to such shares upon grant
without regard to vesting, unless the administrator provides otherwise.
Shares of restricted stock that
do not vest are subject to our right of repurchase or forfeiture.

Restricted Stock Units

RSUs may be granted under our 2021 Partner Plan. RSUs are bookkeeping
entries representing an amount equal to the fair market value of
one share of our Class A common stock. Subject to the provisions of our 2021
Partner Plan, the administrator determines the terms and conditions of RSUs,
including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The
administrator may
set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of company-wide, divisional,
business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued
employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any
other basis
determined by the administrator in its discretion. The administrator, in its
sole discretion, may pay earned RSUs in the form of cash, in shares of our
Class A common stock, or in some combination thereof. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the
administrator, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any
vesting requirements will be deemed satisfied. Participants will have no
voting rights with respect to RSUs until the date shares are issued with
respect to such RSUs. The
administrator may provide that a participant is entitled to receive dividend
equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends on shares having a
record date prior to the date on which the applicable RSUs are settled or
forfeited in
accordance with our 2021 Partner Plan.

Performance Units and Performance Shares

Performance units and performance shares may be granted under our 2021
Partner Plan. Performance units and performance shares are awards
that will result in a payment to a participant only if performance goals
established by the administrator are achieved or the awards otherwise vest.
The administrator will establish performance objectives or other vesting
criteria in its discretion,
which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the
number and/or the value of performance units and performance shares to be
paid out to participants. The administrator may set performance objectives
based on the achievement of
company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but
not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or
state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the administrator in
its discretion. After
the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the administrator, in
its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance criteria or other
vesting provisions for such performance units or performance shares.
Performance units shall have
an initial dollar value established by the administrator on or prior to the
grant date. Performance shares shall have an initial value equal to the fair
market value of our Class A common stock on the grant date. The
administrator, in its sole
discretion, may pay earned performance units or performance shares in the
form of cash, in shares, or in some combination thereof. Participants will
have no voting rights with respect to performance units and/or performance
shares until the date
shares are issued with respect to such performance units and/or performance
shares. The administrator may provide that a participation is entitled to
receive dividend equivalents with respect to the payment of cash dividends
on shares having a
record date prior to the date on which the applicable performance shares are
settled or forfeited in accordance with our 2021 Partner Plan.

Non-Transferability of Awards

Unless the administrator provides otherwise, our 2021 Partner Plan generally
will not allow for the transfer of awards and only the
recipient of an award may exercise an award during its, his or her lifetime.
If the administrator makes an award transferrable, such award will contain
such additional terms and conditions as the administrator deems appropriate.

157

Certain Adjustments

In the event of certain changes in our capitalization, to prevent diminution
or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits
available under our 2021 Partner Plan, the administrator will adjust the
number and class of shares that may be delivered under our 2021 Partner Plan
and/or the number, class, and price of shares covered by each outstanding
award and the numerical
share limits set forth in our 2021 Partner Plan.

Dissolution or Liquidation

In the event of our proposed liquidation or dissolution, the administrator
will notify participants as soon as practicable and all awards
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed
transaction.

Merger or Change in Control

Our 2021 Partner Plan will provide that in the event of our merger with or
into another corporation or entity or a change in control (as
defined in our 2021 Partner Plan), each outstanding award will be treated as
the administrator determines, including, without limitation, that (i) awards
will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by
the acquiring
or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate
adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon
written notice to a participant, that the participant’s awards will
terminate upon or immediately
prior to the consummation of such merger or change in control; (iii)
outstanding awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable,
or restrictions applicable to an award will lapse, in whole or in part,
prior to or upon
consummation of such merger or change in control and, to the extent the
administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the
effectiveness of such merger or change in control; (iv) (A) the termination
of an award in
exchange for an amount of cash and/or property, if any, equal to the amount
that would have been attained upon the exercise of such award or realization
of the participant’s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the
transaction (and, for
the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the
transaction the administrator determines in good faith that no amount would
have been attained upon the exercise of such award or realization of the
participant’s rights, then
such award may be terminated by us without payment), or (B) the replacement
of such award with other rights or property selected by the administrator in
its sole discretion; (v) with respect only to an award (or portion thereof)
that is
unvested as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger or
change in control, the termination of the award immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger or change in control with such payment to the
participant (including no
payment) as the administrator determines in its discretion; or (vi) any
combination of the foregoing. The administrator will not be obligated to
treat all participants, awards, all awards a participant holds, or all
awards of the same type,
similarly in the transaction.

In the event an option or stock appreciation right is not assumed or
substituted in the event of a
merger or change in control, the administrator will notify each participant
in writing or electronically that the option or stock appreciation right, as
applicable, will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the
administrator in its sole
discretion, and the option or stock appreciation right, as applicable, will
terminate upon the expiration of such period.

Clawback

Awards will be subject to any clawback policy of ours, and the administrator
also may specify in an award agreement that the
participant’s rights, payments, and/or benefits with respect to an award
will be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, and/or recoupment
upon the occurrence of certain specified events. Our board of directors may
require a participant
to forfeit, return, or reimburse us all

158

or a portion of the award and/or shares issued under the award, any amounts
paid under the award, and any payments or proceeds paid or provided upon
disposition of the shares issued under the award in order to comply with
such clawback policy or applicable laws. Amendment and Termination The
administrator will have the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate our
2021 Partner Plan provided such action does not impair the existing rights
of any participant. Our 2021 Partner Plan will continue in effect until
terminated by the administrator. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Our board of
directors has adopted and our stockholders have approved, our Employee Stock
Purchase Plan (our ESPP). Our ESPP will be effective on the business day
immediately prior to the effective date of the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part. However, no offering period or purchase
period will begin unless and until otherwise determined by our board of
directors. Authorized Shares A total of 7,800,000 shares of our Class A
common stock will be available for sale under our ESPP. The number of shares
of our Class A common stock that will be available for sale under our ESPP
also includes an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year
beginning with fiscal year 2022, equal to the least of:
                          
  •    7,800,000 shares;  
                          
                                                                            
       one percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of all classes of our     
  •    common stock as of the last day of the immediately                   
       preceding fiscal year; or                                            
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    such other amount as our board of directors may determine.  
                                                                   
Plan Administration Our board of directors, or a committee appointed by our
board of directors, will administer our ESPP, and have full but non-
exclusive authority to interpret the terms of our ESPP and determine
eligibility to participate, subject to the conditions of our ESPP, as
described below. We expect our compensation committee to administer our
ESPP. The administrator will have full and exclusive discretionary authority
to construe, interpret, and apply the terms of the ESPP, to delegate
ministerial duties to any of our employees, to designate separate offerings
under the ESPP, to designate our subsidiaries and affiliates as
participating in the ESPP, to determine eligibility, to adjudicate all
disputed claims filed under the ESPP, and to establish procedures that it
deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the ESPP, including,
but not limited to, adopting such procedures, sub-plans, and appendices to
the ESPP enrollment agreement as are necessary or appropriate to permit
participation in the ESPP by employees who are foreign nationals or employed
outside the U.S. The administrator’s findings, decisions, and determinations
are final and binding on all participants to the full extent permitted by
law. Eligibility Generally, all of our employees will be eligible to
participate if they are customarily employed by us, or any participating
subsidiary, and unless determined otherwise by the administrator, in its
discretion, prior to an enrollment date for all options granted on such
enrollment date in an offering, (i) have completed at least two years of
service (or a lesser period of time determined by the administrator) since
his or her last hire date, (ii) customarily work more than 20 hours per week
(or a lesser period of time determined by the administrator), (iii)
customarily work more than five months per 159

calendar year (or a lesser period of time determined by the administrator),
(iv) are not a highly compensated employee within the meaning of Section
414(q) of the Code, and (v) are not a highly compensated employee within the
meaning of Section 414(q) of the Code with compensation above a certain
level or is an officer or subject to disclosure requirements under Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act. However, an employee may not be granted rights to
purchase shares of our Class A common stock under our ESPP if such employee:
                                                                            
       immediately after the grant would own capital stock possessing 5%    
  •    or more of the total combined voting power or value of               
       all classes of our capital stock; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       hold rights to purchase shares of our Class A common stock under     
  •    all of our employee stock purchase plans that                        
       accrue at a rate that exceeds $25,000 worth of shares of our Class   
       A common stock for each calendar year.                               
                                                                            
Offering Periods Our ESPP will include a component that allows us to make
offerings intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Code and a component
that allows us to make offerings not intended to qualify under Section 423
of the Code to designated companies, as described in our ESPP. Our ESPP will
provide for consecutive, overlapping 24-month offering periods. The offering
periods will be scheduled to start on the first trading day on or after May
20 and November 20 of each year, except the first offering period will
commence on the first trading day on or after the effective date of the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and will end on
the first trading day on or before November 20, 2023, and the second
offering period will commence on the first trading day on or after November
20, 2021. Each offering period will include purchase periods, which, unless
the administrator provides otherwise, will (i) commence on the first trading
day on or after May 20 and November 20 and (ii) terminate on the last
trading day on or before November 20 of the same year and May 20 of the
following year, respectively, except that the first purchase period under
our ESPP will commence on the first trading day on or after the effective
date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and
will end on the last trading day on or before November 20, 2021.
Contributions Our ESPP will permit participants to purchase shares of our
Class A common stock through contributions (in the form of payroll
deductions or otherwise to the extent permitted by the administrator) of up
to 15% of their eligible compensation. A participant may purchase a maximum
of 590 shares of our Class A common stock during a purchase period. Exercise
of Purchase Right Amounts contributed and accumulated by the participant
will be used to purchase shares of our Class A common stock at the end of
each 6-month purchase period. The purchase price of the shares will be 15%
of the lower of the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the
first trading day of the offering period or on the exercise date. If the
fair market value of our Class A common stock on the exercise date is less
than the fair market value on the first trading day of the offering period,
participants will be automatically withdrawn from such offering period
immediately following their purchase of shares of our Class A common stock
on the exercise date and will be automatically re-enrolled in the next
offering period. Participants may end their participation at any time during
an offering period and will be paid their accrued contributions that have
not yet been used to purchase shares of our Class A common stock.
Participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with us. 160

Non-Transferability

A participant may not transfer rights granted under our ESPP (other than by
will, the laws of descent and distribution, or as otherwise
provided under our ESPP).

Merger or Change in Control

Our ESPP provides that in the event of a merger or change in control, as
defined under our ESPP, a successor corporation may assume or
substitute each outstanding purchase right. If the successor corporation
refuses to assume or substitute for the outstanding purchase right, the
offering period then in progress will be shortened, and a new exercise date
will be set that will be
before the date of the proposed merger or change in control. The
administrator will notify each participant that the exercise date has been
changed and that the participant’s option will be exercised automatically on
the new exercise date
unless prior to such date the participant has withdrawn from the offering
period.

Amendment; Termination

The administrator will have the authority to amend, suspend, or terminate
our ESPP, except that, subject to certain exceptions described
in our ESPP, no such action may adversely affect any outstanding rights to
purchase shares of our Class A common stock under our ESPP. Our ESPP
automatically will terminate in 2039, unless we terminate it sooner.

Executive Incentive Compensation Plan

Our board of directors has adopted an Executive Incentive Compensation Plan
(the Bonus Plan). The Bonus Plan will be administered by a
committee appointed by our board of directors. Unless and until our board of
directors determines otherwise, our compensation committee will be the
administrator of the Bonus Plan. The Bonus Plan will allow our compensation
committee to provide
incentive awards to selected employees, including our named executive
officers, determined by our compensation committee, based upon performance
goals established by our compensation committee. Our compensation committee,
in its sole discretion, may
establish target awards for participants under the Bonus Plan.

Under the Bonus Plan, our compensation committee will determine
the performance goals applicable to awards, which goals may include, without
limitation: attainment of research and development milestones, sales goals,
business divestitures and acquisitions, cash flow, including but not limited
to unlevered free
cash flow, cash position, earnings (which may include any calculation of
earnings, including but not limited to earnings before interest and taxes,
earnings before taxes, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, and net
earnings), earnings per share, net income, net profit, net sales, operating
cash flow, operating expenses, operating income, operating margin, overhead
or other expense reduction, product defect measures, product release
timelines, productivity,
profit, return on assets, return on capital, return on equity, return on
investment, return on sales, revenue, revenue growth, sales results, sales
growth, stock price, time to market, total stockholder return, working
capital, individual objectives
such as peer reviews or other subjective or objective criteria, and
attainment of specified performance goals. As determined by our compensation
committee, the performance goals may be based on GAAP or
non-GAAP results and any actual results may be adjusted by our compensation
committee for one-time items or unbudgeted or unexpected items when
determining whether the
performance goals have been met. The goals may be on the basis of any
factors our compensation committee determines relevant, and may be on an
individual, divisional, business unit, segment, or company-wide basis. Any
criteria used may be measured
on such basis as our compensation committee determines. The performance
goals may differ from participant to participant and from award to award.

161

Our compensation committee may, in its sole discretion and at any time,
increase,
reduce, or eliminate a participant’s actual award, or increase, reduce, or
eliminate the amount allocated to the bonus pool. The actual award may be
below, at, or above a participant’s target award, in our compensation
committee’s
discretion. Our compensation committee may determine the amount of any
reduction on the basis of such factors as it deems relevant, and it will not
be required to establish any allocation or weighting with respect to the
factors it considers.

Unless otherwise determined by our compensation committee, to earn an actual
award, a participant must be employed by us (or an
affiliate of us, as applicable) through the date the bonus is paid. Payment
of bonuses occurs as soon as administratively practicable after the end of
the applicable performance period, but no later than the dates set forth in
the Bonus Plan.

All awards under our Bonus Plan will be subject to reduction, cancellation,
forfeiture, or recoupment in accordance with any clawback
policy that we (or any parent or subsidiary of ours) are required to adopt
pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or
association on which our securities are listed or as is otherwise required
by the Dodd-Frank Act or
other applicable laws. In addition, our compensation committee may impose
such other clawback, recovery, or recoupment provisions with respect to an
award under the Bonus Plan as it determines necessary or appropriate,
including without limitation a
reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired cash, stock, or other
property provided with respect to an award. Recovery of compensation under a
clawback policy generally will not give the participant the right to resign
for “good
reason” or “constructive termination” (or similar term) under any agreement
with us or any parent or subsidiary of ours. Additionally, our compensation
committee may specify when providing for an award under the Bonus Plan that
the
participant’s rights, payments, and benefits with respect to the award will
be subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the
occurrence of specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable
vesting or performance
conditions of the award.

Our board of directors or our compensation committee will have the authority
to amend or terminate the
Bonus Plan provided such action does not alter or impair the existing rights
of any participant with respect to any earned bonus without the
participant’s consent. The Bonus Plan will remain in effect until terminated
in accordance with the
terms of the Bonus Plan.

401(k) Plan

We maintain a tax-qualified retirement plan that provides eligible U.S.
employees with an
opportunity to save for retirement on a tax-advantaged basis (the 401(k)
Plan). Plan participants are able to defer eligible compensation on a pre-
tax or after tax
(Roth) basis, subject to applicable annual Code limits. The 401(k) plan is
intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code with the 401(k)
plan’s related trust intended to be tax exempt under Section 501(a) of the
Code. As a
tax-qualified retirement plan, pre-tax contributions to the 401(k) plan and
earnings on those contributions are not taxable to the employees until
distributed from the
401(k) plan, and earnings on Roth contributions are not taxable when
distributed from the 401(k) plan.

162

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS In addition to the
compensation arrangements, including employment, termination of employment
and change in control arrangements, discussed in the sections titled
“Management” and “Executive Compensation,” the following is a description of
each transaction since January 1, 2018 and each currently proposed
transaction in which:
                                                 
  •    we have been or are to be a participant;  
                                                 
                                                              
  •    the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000; and  
                                                              
                                                                            
       any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5%  
       of our outstanding capital stock, or any immediate                   
  •    family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of       
       these individuals or entities, had or will have a direct or          
       indirect material interest.                                          
                                                                            
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Financing In August 2018, we sold
109,090,908 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock to KKR Denali
Holdings, L.P. (KKR Denali) for an aggregate purchase price of
$399,999,996.00. KKR Denali currently holds more than 5% of our outstanding
Class A common stock. Edward Oberwager, a member of our board of directors,
is a Managing Director of KKR and Cathy Sun, a member of our board of
directors, is a Director of KKR. Herald Chen, our President and Chief
Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors, was affiliated
with KKR at the time of this transaction and is a limited partner in KKR
Denali as well as other entities affiliated with KKR. Investors’ Rights
Agreement We are party to our IRA, pursuant to which certain holders of our
capital stock, including KKR Denali, Adam Foroughi and an entity affiliated
with Mr. Foroughi, have the right to demand that we file a registration
statement or request that their shares of our capital stock be covered by a
registration statement that we are otherwise filing. See the section titled
“Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights” for additional
information. Mr. Oberwager and Ms. Sun, members of our board of directors,
are affiliated with KKR and Mr. Chen, our President and Chief Financial
Officer and a member of our board of directors, was previously affiliated
with KKR and is a limited partner in KKR Denali. Adam Foroughi, our CEO and
Chairperson, and an entity affiliated with him are parties to our IRA. Right
of First Refusal Pursuant to our equity compensation plans and certain
agreements with our stockholders, including a right of first refusal and co-
sale agreement,dated August 15, 2018, with certain holders of our capital
stock, we or our assignees have a right to purchase shares of our capital
stock which stockholders propose to sell to other parties. This right will
terminate upon the completion of this offering. KKR Denali is party to the
right of first refusal and co-sale agreement.Mr. Oberwager and Ms. Sun,
members of our board of directors, are affiliated with KKR and Mr. Chen, our
President and Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of
directors, was previously affiliated with KKR and is a limited partner in
KKR Denali. Mr. Foroughi, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our
board of directors, and an entity affiliated with him are parties to the
right of first refusal and co-sale agreement. Prior Voting Agreement We are
a party to a voting agreement, dated November 12, 2019 (the Prior Voting
Agreement) under which certain holders of our capital stock have agreed to
vote their shares of our capital stock on 163

certain matters, including with respect to the election of directors. The
Prior Voting Agreement will terminate upon the completion of this offering.
Mr. Oberwager and Ms. Sun, members of our board of directors, are affiliated
with KKR and Mr. Chen, our President and Chief Financial Officer and a
member of our board of directors, was previously affiliated with KKR and is
a limited partner in KKR Denali. Mr. Foroughi, our CEO and Chairperson, and
an entity affiliated with him are parties to the Prior Voting Agreement.
Pursuant to the terms of the Prior Voting Agreement, we have entered into an
agreement with KKR Denali in which we have agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause one person designated by KKR Denali to serve on
and be elected to the board of directors. See “Description of Capital
Stock—Director Nominations Agreement.” Credit Facility In August 2018, we
entered into a credit agreement, which provided for term loans in an
aggregate principal amount of $820.0 million and a revolving credit facility
of $50.0 million. The credit agreement was amended to increase the principal
amount of the term loan by an aggregate amount of $400.0 million on April
23, 2019 and amended again on April 27, 2020, May 6, 2020 and October 27,
2020. The credit agreement was further amended on February 12, 2021 to
increase the senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to an
aggregate principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an additional $10.0
million in aggregate principal amount of revolving commitments, increasing
the total revolving commitments to $600.0 million, and to reduce the
interest rate on the incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have
the same interest rate as all other term loans. KKR Capital Markets LLC, an
affiliate of KKR, acted as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner for the
credit agreement. In 2018, 2019, 2020, and in connection with the amendment
in February 2021, we paid $6.5 million, $2.0 million, $1.5 million, and $0.8
million, respectively, in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC in connection with
the credit agreement. KKR Corporate Lending (CA) LLC, an affiliate of KKR,
has provided revolving credit commitments in the amount of $15.0 million
under our revolving credit facility. See the section titled “Description of
Certain Indebtedness” for additional information. Promissory Notes Former
Promissory Notes with Executive Officers The following table sets forth a
summary of promissory notes that we have entered into with certain of our
executive officers, in consideration of our advancing amounts to allow them
to early exercise their stock options. On August 7, 2020, we amended the
promissory notes with Herald Chen, Katie Jansen, and Basil Shikin to lower
the interest rate on the outstanding balance of such notes to the applicable
IRS annual mid-term rate of 0.41%. These promissory notes previously had an
interest rate of 2.59% (except with respect to our promissory note with
Herald Chen, which had an interest rate of 1.59%). Each of Messrs. Chen and
Shikin and Mses. Jansen and Valenzuela repaid their notes in February 2021.
                                                                            
  Borrower            Date           Principal Amount    Interest Rate (%)  
                                                  ($)                       
  Herald Chen         11/22/2019           12,120,000                 0.41  
  Katie Jansen        3/8/2019                503,000                 0.41  
                      3/8/2019                673,600                 0.41  
                      11/23/2020            1,464,000                 0.39  
  Basil Shikin        3/8/2019                505,200                 0.41  
                      3/8/2019                503,000                 0.41  
  Victoria            7/6/2020              4,863,343                 0.45  
  Valenzuela                                                                
                                                                            
164

Promissory Note with Related Party Additionally, on March 8, 2019, we
entered into a promissory note with Rafael Vivas, the brother of Eduardo
Vivas, a member of our board of directors, for the same purpose as the
promissory notes described above, which was also amended on August 7, 2020
to lower the interest rate on the outstanding balance of such note to the
applicable IRS annual mid-term rate of 0.41%. This note previously had an
interest rate of 2.59%. The note has a principal amount of $2,273,400 and
remains outstanding. Promissory Notes as Payment for Repurchases of Class A
Common Stock The following table sets forth a summary of promissory notes
that we have entered into with certain of our directors and executive
officers as payment for our repurchase of Class A common stock from the
applicable directors and executive officers pursuant to certain stock
repurchase agreements.
                                                                            
                                                                 Number of  
                                  Principal        Interest    Repurchased  
  Seller         Date            Amount ($)        Rate (%)        Class A  
                                                                    Common  
                                                                     Stock  
  Eduardo        12/19/2019       1,212,000            2.00        300,000  
  Vivas                                                                     
  Adam           12/20/2019       9,999,000            2.00      2,475,000  
  Foroughi                                                                  
                                                                            
Relationship with KKR We have utilized and may continue to utilize KKR
and/or its affiliates, including a team of operating professionals who work
exclusively with KKR’s investment professionals and portfolio company
management teams, and paid to KKR fees and expenses of $0.7 million in 2018.
Compensation to Related Party The Chairperson and former President of our
subsidiary, Lion Studios, LLC, Rafael Vivas, is the brother of Eduardo
Vivas, a member of our board of directors. Rafael Vivas received annual
salary and other cash compensation of $375,000, $500,000, and $266,667 in
2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively, and received a cash bonus of $25,000 in
2020. He also receives benefits consistent with other employees serving in
similar roles. In addition, we granted Rafael Vivas a stock option to
purchase 810,000 shares of our Class A common stock at a purchase price of
$2.806667 per share during the year ended December 31, 2018 and a stock
option to purchase 600,000 shares of our Class A common stock at an exercise
price of $5.05 per share during the year ended December 31, 2019. Directed
Share Program At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to 5% of the
shares offered by this prospectus for sale at the initial public offering
price through a directed share program available to directors, officers,
certain employees, and their friends and family members, as well as certain
of our partners and clients. The number of shares of Class A common stock
available for sale to the general public will be reduced to the extent that
such persons purchase such reserved shares. Any shares not so purchased will
be offered by the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as
the other shares offered by this prospectus. Additionally, except in the
case of shares purchased by any director or officer, shares purchased
through the directed share program will not be subject to a lock-up
restriction. Other than the underwriting discount described on the front
covered of this prospectus, the underwriters will not be entitled to any
commission with respect to shares of Class A common stock sold pursuant to
the directed share program. 165

Executive Compensation We have granted stock options to our executive
officers. See the sections titled “Executive Compensation—Outstanding Equity
Awards at 2020 Year-End”for a description of these stock options. Exchange
Agreements To facilitate the Class B Stock Exchange, we have entered into
exchange agreements with the Class B Stockholders and certain related
entities, pursuant to which immediately following the effectiveness of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which will occur
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, all outstanding shares
of our Class A common stock beneficially owned by the Class B Stockholders
(after giving effect to the Capital Stock Conversions) and certain related
entities will automatically be exchanged for an equivalent number of shares
of our Class B common stock. In addition, following the completion of this
offering, and pursuant to an Equity Award Exchange Agreement entered into
between us and Herald Chen, Mr. Chen will have a right (but not an
obligation), to require us to exchange any shares of Class A common stock
received upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of Class A common
stock for an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock. This
Equity Award Exchange applies only to equity awards granted to Mr. Chen
prior to the effectiveness of the filing of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. There are 2,360,400 shares of our Class A
common stock subject to options held by Mr. Chen that may be exchanged, upon
exercise, for an equivalent number of shares of our Class B common stock
following this offering. Other Transactions In February 2021, we repurchased
153,541 and 60,968 shares from Mr. Chen and Ms. Valenzuela for aggregate
purchase prices of $12.3 million and $4.9 million, respectively. Cookie
Monster Capital, LLC (Cookie Monster) is a mobile game developer owned by
Eduardo Vivas, a member of our board of directors. We published an App
developed by Cookie Monster under a game assignment and revenue share
agreement entered in October 2020. In 2021, we have made payments to Cookie
Monster in the amount of $0.1 million. Other than as described above under
this section titled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions,”
since January 1, 2018, we have not entered into any transactions, nor are
there any currently proposed transactions, between us and a related party
where the amount involved exceeds, or would exceed, $120,000, and in which
any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.
Limitation of Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors We
have adopted an amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which
will become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering,
and which will contain provisions that limit the liability of our directors
for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General
Corporation Law. Consequently, our directors will not be personally liable
to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary
duties as directors, except liability for the following:
                                                                            
  •    any breach of their duty of loyalty to our company or our            
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional   
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or      
  •    redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the                        
       Delaware General Corporation Law; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any transaction from which they derived an improper personal         
       benefit.                                                             
                                                                            
166

Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or
reduce the
effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission or claim that
occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the Delaware General
Corporation Law is amended to provide for further limitations on the
personal liability of
directors of corporations, then the personal liability of our directors will
be further limited to the greatest extent permitted by the Delaware General
Corporation Law.

In addition, we have adopted amended and restated bylaws, which will become
effective immediately prior to the completion of this
offering, and which will provide that we will indemnify, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a party or is threatened
to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact
that they are or were one
of our directors or officers or is or was serving at our request as a
director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws will provide that
we may indemnify to the
fullest extent permitted by law any person who is or was a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of
the fact that they are or were one of our employees or agents or is or was
serving at our request as
an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws will also provide
that we must advance expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director or
officer in advance of the
final disposition of any action or proceeding, subject to limited
exceptions.

Further, we have entered into indemnification
agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that may be
broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained in the
Delaware General Corporation Law. These indemnification agreements require
us, among other things, to
indemnify our directors and executive officers against liabilities that may
arise by reason of their status or service. These indemnification agreements
also require us to advance all expenses incurred by the directors and
executive officers in
investigating or defending any such action, suit or proceeding. We believe
that these agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified
individuals to serve as directors and executive officers.

The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions that will be
included in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and in indemnification agreements
that we have entered into with our directors and executive officers may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and
executive officers for
breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of
derivative litigation against our directors and executive officers, even
though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders.
Further, a stockholder’s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of
settlement and damage awards against directors and executive officers as
required by these indemnification provisions. At present, we are not aware
of any pending litigation
or proceeding involving any person who is or was one of our directors,
officers, employees or other agents or is or was serving at our request as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, for which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware
of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification.

We have obtained insurance policies under which, subject to the limitations
of the policies, coverage is provided to our directors and
executive officers against loss arising from claims made by reason of breach
of fiduciary duty or other wrongful acts as a director or executive officer,
including claims relating to public securities matters, and to us with
respect to payments that
may be made by us to these directors and executive officers pursuant to our
indemnification obligations or otherwise as a matter of law.

Certain of our non-employee directors may, through their relationships with
their employers, be
insured or indemnified against certain liabilities incurred in their
capacity as members of our board of directors.

167

The underwriting agreement will provide for indemnification by the
underwriters of us
and our officers and directors for certain liabilities arising under the
Securities Act or otherwise.

Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to
directors, officers or persons controlling our company pursuant to the
foregoing provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC,
such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore
unenforceable.

Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions

Following the completion of this offering, our audit committee will have the
primary responsibility for reviewing and approving or
disapproving “related party transactions,” which are transactions between us
and related persons in which the aggregate amount involved exceeds or may be
expected to exceed $120,000 and in which a related person has or will have a
direct
or indirect material interest. Upon completion of this offering, our policy
regarding transactions between us and related persons will provide that a
related person is defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for
director or greater than 5%
beneficial owner of any class of our voting securities, in each case since
the beginning of the most recently completed year, and any of their
immediate family members. Our audit committee charter that will be in effect
upon completion of this
offering will provide that our audit committee shall review and approve or
disapprove any related party transactions.

168

PRINCIPAL AND SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth certain
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our capital stock as
of February 28, 2021, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our Class A
common stock offered by us and the selling stockholder in this offering
assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option, for:
                                              
  •    each of our named executive officers;  
                                              
                               
  •    each of our directors;  
                               
                                                                        
  •    all of our current directors and executive officers as a group;  
                                                                        
                                                                            
       each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5%   
  •    of the outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B                 
       common stock; and                                                    
                                                                            
                                 
  •    the selling stockholder.  
                                 
We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the
SEC, and thus it represents sole or shared voting or investment power with
respect to our securities. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our
knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and
sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially
owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. The information
does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other purpose,
including for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Securities Act. We
have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership prior
to this offering on 185,470,265 shares of our Class A common stock
outstanding, 150,268,022 shares of our Class B common stock outstanding, and
no shares of our Class C common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2021
(assuming the Capital Stock Conversions and Class B Stock Exchange had
occurred on such date). We have based our calculation of the percentage of
beneficial ownership and voting power after this offering on the foregoing
numbers of shares after adjusting for sales by us and the selling
stockholder in our initial public offering, resulting in a total of (i)
shares of our Class A common stock and shares of our Class B common stock,
assuming no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option from
the selling stockholder and (ii) shares of our Class A common stock and
shares of our Class B common stock, assuming full exercise by the
underwriters of their over-allotment option from the selling stockholder. We
have deemed shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock
(after giving effect to the Equity Award Exchange Agreement) subject to
stock options that, as of February 28, 2021, were currently exercisable or
scheduled to vest and become exercisable within 60 days to be outstanding
and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the stock option for the
purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person. The table
below does not reflect any shares of Class A common stock that may be
purchased in this offering, including through our directed share program
described in the section titled “Underwriters (Conflicts of
Interest)—Directed Share Program.” 169

Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in
the table below is c/o Applovin Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto,
California 94304.
                                                                            
                                                   …                        
                                                   A                        
                                                   …                        
                                                   …                        
                                                   …                        
                                                   …                        
                                                   …                        
                                                   …                        
                                                                            
                                                   %                        
                                                                            
                                                   —        —               
                                                   —        *        —      
                                                   —        *        —      
                                                   —        *        —      
                                                   —        —               
                                                   —        *        —      
                                                   —        —        —      
                                                   —                 —      
                                                   —        —        —      
                                                   —                        
                                                            —        …      
                                                                            
                                                            —               
                                                   —                 —      
                                                   —                 —      
                                                   —                 —      
                                                   —                 —      
                                                   —                 —      
                                                                            
                                                                       
  *  Represents beneficial ownership or voting power of less than 1%.  
                                                                       
                                                                            
       Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (collectively, with certain   
       affiliates, the Class B Stockholders), have                          
       entered into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to which two of Mr.      
  (1)  Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be Mr.         
       Foroughi) will have the authority to direct the vote of all shares   
       of Class B common stock held by the Class B                          
       Stockholders and their respective permitted entities and permitted   
       transferees on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders.         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 1,230,000 shares of Class A common stock held by     
       Ms. Jansen, (ii) 137,016 shares of Class A common                    
  (2)  stock held by The Jansen Family Trust, for which Ms. Jansen serves   
       as trustee, and (iii) 75,000 shares subject to stock options         
       exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2021.                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 591,532 shares of Class A common stock held by Ms.   
  (3)  Valenzuela and (ii) 187,500 shares subject to stock                  
       options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2021.             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 7,400 shares held by The CSB 2012 Living Trust, for  
       which Mr. Billings serves as trustee, (ii) 5,550                     
  (4)  shares held by The CMB 2016 Trust, for which Mr. Billings’ spouse    
       serves as trustee, and (iii) 21,000 shares subject to stock options  
       exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2021.                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 1,946,459 shares of Class B common stock held by     
       Mr. Chen, (ii) 300,000 shares of Class B common stock                
       held by The Chen Family 2012 Irrevocable Trust, Herald Y. & Mei K.   
       Chen as Trustees, for which Mr. Chen and his spouse serve as         
       trustees, and (iii) 2,400,000 shares of Class B common stock         
       subject to stock options exercisable within 60 days of               
       February 28, 2021 (after giving effect to the Equity Award Exchange  
       Agreement). Subsequent to February 28, 2021, Mr. Chen exercised      
       options to purchase 39,600 shares of Class A common stock, which     
  (5)  shares would increase the number of shares in                        
       clause (i) of the prior sentence and decrease the number of shares   
       in clause (iii) of the prior sentence by the same amount. The Class  
       B Stockholders have entered into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to   
       which two of the three Class B                                       
       Stockholders (one of which must be Mr. Foroughi) will have the       
       authority to direct the vote and vote the shares of all Class B      
       common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective   
       permitted entities and permitted                                     
       transferees on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders.         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 21,000 shares held by Ms. Georgiadis and (ii)        
  (6)  185,000 shares held by Blue Sage Partners, LLC, for which            
       Ms. Georgiadis and her spouse share voting and dispositive power.    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 15,202,251 shares of Class A common stock and        
       30,183,366 shares of Class B common stock (assuming                  
       the occurrence of the Class B Stock Exchange as of February 28,      
       2021) beneficially owned by our executive officers and directors,    
       and (ii) 689,501 shares of Class A common stock and 2,400,000        
  (7)  shares of Class B common stock subject to stock                      
       options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2021. Subsequent  
       to February 28, 2021, Mr. Shikin exercised options to purchase       
       39,600 shares of Class A common stock, and Mr. Chen exercised        
       options as described in footnote 5                                   
       above.                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of (i) 150,268,022 shares of Class B common stock           
       (assuming the occurrence of the Class B Stock Exchange as of         
       February 28, 2021) beneficially owned by the Class B Stockholders,   
  (8)  and (ii) 2,400,000 shares of Class B common stock subject to stock   
       options exercisable within 60 days of February 28, 2021 by the       
       Class B                                                              
       Stockholders.                                                        
                                                                            
170
                                                                            
       Consists of 110,550,489 shares of Class B common stock directly      
       owned by KKR Denali. Each of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC              
       (as the general partner of KKR Denali); KKR Americas Fund XII L.P.   
       (as the managing member of KKR Denali Holdings GP LLC); KKR          
       Associates Americas XII L.P. (as the general partner of KKR          
       Americas Fund XII L.P.); KKR Americas XII Limited (as general        
       partner of KKR Associates Americas XII L.P.); KKR Group Partnership  
       L.P. (as sole member of KKR Americas XII Limited); KKR Group         
       Holdings Corp. (as the general partner of KKR Group Partnership      
       L.P.); KKR & Co. Inc. (as the sole shareholder of                    
       KKR Group Holdings Corp.); KKR Management LLP (as the Series I       
       preferred stockholder of KKR & Co. Inc.); and Messrs. Henry R.       
       Kravis and George R. Roberts (as the founding partners of KKR        
  (9)  Management LLP) may also be deemed to be the beneficial              
       owners having shared voting power and shared investment power over   
       the securities described in this footnote. The Class B Stockholders  
       have entered into the Voting Agreement, pursuant to which two of     
       Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of                       
       which must be Mr. Foroughi) will have the authority to direct the    
       vote and vote the shares of all Class B common stock held by the     
       Class B Stockholders and their respective permitted entities and     
       permitted transferees on all matters to be voted                     
       upon by stockholders. The principal business address of each of the  
       entities and persons identified in this footnote, except Mr.         
       Roberts, is c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., 30 Hudson        
       Yards, New York, New York 10001. The principal                       
       business address for Mr. Roberts is c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts &    
       Co. L.P., 2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200, Menlo Park, CA 94025.      
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Consists of 26,167,242 shares of Class A common stock directly      
        owned by Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership. The                   
        general partner of Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership is Hontai    
        Capital Cayman Inc. and the controlling stockholder of Hontai       
        Capital Cayman Inc. is Yunjoy Capital Cayman Inc. Each of Hontai    
  (10)  App Fund Limited Partnership, Hontai Capital Cayman Inc.            
        and Yunjoy Capital Cayman Inc. may be deemed to have voting or      
        dispositive power with respect to the shares and the address for    
        each is c/o Maricorp Services Ltd., P.O. Box 2075, #31 The Strand,  
        46 Canal Point Drive, Grand Cayman KY1-1105, Cayman                 
        Islands.                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Consists of 26,021,583 shares of Class A common stock held by       
  (11)  Angel Pride Holdings Limited, or Angel Pride. Tang Ling             
        is the shareholder and sole director of Angel Pride.                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (12)  Consists of 24,062,858 shares of Class A common stock held of       
        record by Mr. Krystynak.                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (13)  Consists of 21,957,897 shares of Class A common stock held of       
        record by Mr. Karam.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
        Consists of (i) 150,000 shares of Class A common stock held by      
        Nimble Partners Fund I, LP (NP Fund I),                             
        (ii) 665,271 shares of Class A common stock held by Nimble          
        Partners Opportunities, L.P.—Series 1 (NP Opp Series 1), (iii)      
        684,729 shares of Class A common stock held by Nimble Partners      
        Opportunities, L.P.—Series 2 (NP                                    
        Opp Series 2 and, together with NP Fund I and NP Opp Series 1, the  
        NP Funds), and (iv) 9,980,000 shares of Class A common stock held   
  (14)  by Nimble Ventures, LLC. The investment manager for the NP Funds    
        is Nimble Partners, LLC. Mr. John H. Burbank III                    
        has sole voting and investment power over Nimble Ventures, LLC.     
        The members of the investment committee of Nimble Partners, LLC,    
        are Mr. Burbank, Ken Wallace, Seth Spalding and Julie Kim, each of  
        whom disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares                    
        held by the NP Funds except to the extent of any pecuniary          
        interest therein. The address for each of these persons and         
        entities is 1 Letterman Drive, Building A, Suite 4900, San          
        Francisco, CA 94129.                                                
                                                                            
171

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK General The following description summarizes
certain important terms of our capital stock, as they are expected to be in
effect immediately prior to the completion of this offering. We have adopted
an amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws that will become effective immediately prior to the
completion of this offering, and this description summarizes the provisions
that are expected to be included in such documents. Because it is only a
summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to
you. For a complete description of the matters set forth in this section
titled “Description of Capital Stock,” you should refer to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and IRA,
which are included as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
prospectus forms a part, and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law.
Immediately following the completion of this offering, our authorized
capital stock will consist of 1,950,000,000 shares of capital stock,
$0.00003 par value per share, of which:
                                                                     
  •    1,500,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common stock;  
                                                                     
                                                                   
  •    200,000,000 shares are designated as Class B common stock;  
                                                                   
                                                                       
  •    150,000,000 shares are designated as Class C common stock; and  
                                                                       
                                                              
  •    100,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock.  
                                                              
Assuming the occurrence, as if each had occurred on December 31, 2020, of
(i) the Capital Stock Conversions and (ii) the Class B Stock Exchange, as of
December 31, 2020, there were 185,033,746 shares of our Class A common stock
outstanding, held by 310 stockholders of record, 150,421,563 shares of our
Class B common stock outstanding, held by 10 stockholders of record, no
shares of our Class C common stock outstanding, and no shares of our
preferred stock outstanding. Pursuant to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, our board of directors will have the
authority, without stockholder approval except as required by the Nasdaq
listing standards, to issue additional shares of our Class A common stock
and Class C common stock. Until the Final Conversion Date, any issuance of
additional shares of Class B common stock, other than pursuant to agreements
outstanding as of the date of this offering, requires the approval of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Class B common
stock voting as a separate class. Common Stock We have three classes of
authorized common stock, Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and
Class C common stock. The rights of the holders of Class A common stock,
Class B common stock, and Class C common stock are identical, except with
respect to voting and conversion. Voting Rights Holders of our Class A
common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders of our Class B common stock are
entitled to 20 votes for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote
of stockholders, and holders of our Class C common stock are not entitled to
vote on any matter that is submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as
otherwise required by law. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class
B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by
law. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, approval
of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class
B common stock voting as a separate class is required to increase the number
of authorized shares of our Class B common stock. In addition, Delaware law
could require either holders of our 172

Class A common stock, our Class B common stock, or our Class C common stock
to vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances:
                                                                            
       if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of  
  •    incorporation to increase or decrease the par value                  
       of a class of stock, then that class would be required to vote       
       separately to approve the proposed amendment; and                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if we were to seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of  
       incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the                 
  •    powers, preferences or special rights of a class of stock in a       
       manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would    
       be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment.    
                                                                            
Until the Final Conversion Date, approval of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding shares of our Class B common stock voting as a separate class
will be required to amend or modify any provision of the amended and
restated certificate of incorporation inconsistent with, or otherwise alter,
any provision of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to
modify the voting, conversion, or other rights, powers, preferences,
privileges, or restrictions of our Class B common stock. Dividend Rights
Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock
outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock are entitled to
receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors,
in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times
and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. See the
section titled “Dividend Policy” for additional information. No Preemptive
or Similar Rights Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and
is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Right
to Receive Liquidation Distributions If we become subject to a liquidation,
dissolution or winding-up,the assets legally available for distribution to
our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our
common stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time,
subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and
the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if
any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Conversion of Class B
Common Stock Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time
at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock.
Following the completion of this offering, shares of Class B common stock
will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon sale or
transfer except for certain transfers described in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, including transfers for estate planning,
transfers among KKR Denali and its affiliates, or other transfers among the
Class B Stockholders. Withdrawal from the Voting Agreement constitutes a
transfer. Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into
one share of Class A common stock upon the date fixed by our board of
directors that is no less than 61 days and no more than 180 days following
the date on which (i) the Voting Agreement is terminated or (ii) Adam
Foroughi is no longer involved with us as a member of our board of directors
or as an executive officer. 173

Conversion of Class C Common Stock After the conversion or exchange of all
outstanding shares of our Class B common stock into shares of Class A common
stock, all outstanding shares of Class C common stock will convert
automatically into Class A common stock, on a share-for-share basis, on the
date or time specified by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Class A common stock, voting as a separate class. Fully Paid and
Non-Assessable In connection with this offering, our legal counsel will
opine that the shares of our Class A common stock to be issued in this
offering will be fully paid and non-assessable. Preferred Stock After the
completion of this offering, no shares of our preferred stock will be
outstanding. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation that will become effective immediately prior to the completion
of this offering, our board of directors will have the authority, subject to
limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or
more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be
included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and
rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications,
limitations or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by
our stockholders. Our board of directors can also increase or decrease the
number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number
of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or
action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the
issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could
adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our
common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility
in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes,
could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change in control of our company and might adversely affect the
market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the
holders of our common stock. We have no current plan to issue any shares of
preferred stock. Adjust Stock In connection with our pending acquisition of
Adjust, we expect to issue a number of shares of our Class A common stock
determined by dividing $352.0 million by the 15-day volume-weighted average
trading price per share of our Class A common stock ending on the thirtieth
trading day following the date of this prospectus. Assuming the preceding
15-day volume-weighted average trading price per share of our Class A common
stock is $ , which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range set
forth on the cover page of this prospectus, we expect to issue shares of our
Class A common stock. For illustrative purposes only, the table below shows
the number of shares of our Class A common stock that would be issuable at
various conversion prices:
                                                              
                              Shares of Class A Common Stock  
  Assumed Conversion Price    Issuable Upon Conversion        
                              of Acquisition Stock            
                                                              
174

Options

As of December 31, 2020, we had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate
of 20,867,025 shares of our Class A common stock, with
a weighted-average exercise price of approximately $6.25 per share, which
includes outstanding options of held by the Mr. Chen subject to the Equity
Award Exchange. There are 2,360,400 shares of our Class A common stock
subject to options held
by Mr. Chen that may be exchanged, upon exercise and pursuant to the Equity
Award Exchange, for an equivalent number of shares of our Class B common
stock following this offering.

Warrants

As of December 31, 2020, we
had outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7,424,256 shares of our
Class A common stock, with a weighted-average exercise price of
approximately $11.48 per share.

Voting Agreement

The Class B
Stockholders have entered into the Voting Agreement, which will cover an
aggregate of up to % of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock
following this offering.

The Voting Agreement provides that all shares of Class B common stock held
by the Class B Stockholders and their respective
permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by
two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (the Key Holders) (one of
which must be Mr. Foroughi). In the event that Mr. Chen or KKR Denali is no
longer
party to the Voting Agreement, all shares of Class B common stock subject to
the Voting Agreement will be voted by the mutual decision of the remaining
parties, or, if the parties disagree, the shares of Class B common stock
will be voted
by each party in their own discretion. If Mr. Chen is no longer party to the
Voting Agreement, Mr. Foroughi and KKR Denali may, upon mutual agreement,
permit a then-member of management become a party to the Voting Agreement.

The Voting Agreement will terminate upon the earliest of (i) the Final
Conversion Date, (ii) the liquidation, winding up, or
dissolution of the Company, (iii) the consent of a majority of the Key
Holders then party to the Voting Agreement (one of which must be Mr.
Foroughi), (iv) the date that Mr. Foroughi is no longer a member of
management or the
board of directors, or (v) the date that Mr. Foroughi withdraws from the
Voting Agreement.

Director Nominations Agreement

In connection with this offering, we have entered into the Director
Nominations Agreement with KKR Denali. The Director Nominations
Agreement grants KKR Denali the right to nominate to our board of directors
one designee as long as KKR Denali and its affiliates collectively
beneficially own at least 25% of the shares of the Class B common stock that
KKR Denali held
immediately prior to this offering. In addition, in the event a vacancy on
the board of directors is created by the death, disability, retirement or
resignation of a KKR Denali director designee, KKR Denali shall, to the
fullest extent permitted by
law, have the right to have the vacancy filled by a new KKR Denali director-
designee.

Further, for so long as KKR Denali and its
affiliates hold at least 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock,
one of the candidates selected by the nominating and corporate governance
committee for nomination to our board of directors shall be subject to the
approval of KKR Denali
prior to the nomination of such candidate for election by our stockholders.

Convertible Security

In November 2020, we issued a convertible security in connection with a
strategic partnership with Athena FZE. Such security is
convertible into shares of our Class A common stock starting 61 days

175

following this offering. The convertible security may be converted, at the
option of the holder, into a number of shares of our Class A Common Stock
equal to $40.0 million divided by a conversion price equal to (i) the
preceding 20-dayvolume-weighted average trading price per share of Class A
Common Stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. If any portion of the convertible
security is converted by November 12, 2021, we have agreed to redeem in cash
such remaining portion of the convertible security. If the holder does not
convert the entire maximum conversion amount by November 18, 2021, we are
required to redeem the remaining conversion amount for cash. If this
offering does not close on or prior to November 18, 2021, we are required to
redeem the convertible security for $40.0 million in cash. The convertible
security does not entitle the holder to any voting rights or other rights as
a stockholder prior to conversion. Assuming the preceding 20-dayvolume-
weighted average trading price per share of our Class A common stock is $ ,
which is the midpoint of the estimated offering price range set forth on the
cover page of this prospectus multiplied by 0.8, and the convertible
security is converted in full, the convertible security would convert into
shares of our Class A common stock. For illustrative purposes only, the
table below shows the number of shares of our Class A common stock that
would be issuable upon conversion of the convertible security at various
conversion prices:
                                                              
                              Shares of Class A Common Stock  
  Assumed Conversion Price    Issuable Upon Conversion        
                              of Convertible Security         
                                                              
Registration Rights After the completion of this offering, the holders of up
to shares of our Class A common stock (including shares issuable upon
conversion of shares of our Class B common stock and the exercise of certain
warrants), or certain transferees, will be entitled to rights with respect
to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act. The
stockholders receiving shares of our Class A common stock in connection with
our pending acquisition of Adjust will also be entitled to these rights with
respect to such shares. We refer to such parties as holders in this
subsection. These registration rights are contained in our IRA. We and
certain holders of our capital stock are parties to our IRA. The
registration rights set forth in our IRA shall terminate upon the earliest
to occur of: (i) with respect to any particular holder, when such holder is
able to sell without any restriction on volume or manner of sale in any
three month period all of its shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the
Securities Act or (ii) upon the consummation of a sale of the company. We
will pay the registration expenses (other than underwriting discounts,
selling commissions and stock transfer taxes) of the holders of the shares
registered pursuant to the registrations described below, including the
reasonable fees and disbursements of one counsel chosen by the holders of
the shares included in such registrations. In an underwritten offering, the
managing underwriters, if any, have the right, subject to specified
conditions, to limit the number of shares such holders may include. Our
stockholders have waived their rights under our IRA (i) to receive notice of
this offering and (ii) to include their registrable shares in this offering.
Demand Registration Rights After the completion of this offering, the
holders will be entitled to certain demand registration rights. At any time
beginning 180 days after the effective date of this offering, the holders of
shares then registrable under our IRA can request that we register the offer
and sale of any of their shares in an underwritten offering, if the
anticipated aggregate offering price, net of underwriting discounts, 176

selling commissions and stock transfer taxes, would exceed $50 million. We
are obligated to effect only two such registrations. If we determine that it
would be materially detrimental to our
stockholders to effect such a demand registration, we have the right to
defer such registration, not more than once in any twelve month period, for
a period of up to 90 days. Additionally, we will not be required to effect a
demand registration
during the period beginning 60 days prior to our good faith estimate of the
date of the filing of, and ending up to 180 days following the effectiveness
of, a registration statement relating to the public offering of our Class A
common stock or
if such holders propose to dispose of shares that may be immediately
registered on Form S-3 as described below.

Piggyback Registration Rights

After the completion of this offering, if we propose to register the offer
and sale of our Class A common stock under the Securities
Act, in connection with the public offering of such Class A common stock the
holders will be entitled to certain “piggyback” registration rights allowing
the holders to include their shares in such registration, subject to certain
marketing and other limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a
registration statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to
(i) a registration relating to the sale of securities to employees of the
Company or a
subsidiary pursuant to an equity incentive, stock option, stock purchase or
similar plan, (ii) a registration related to any employee benefit plan or a
corporate reorganization or other transaction covered by Rule 145
promulgated under the
Securities Act, (iii) a registration on any registration form which does not
include substantially the same information as would be required to be
included in a registration statement covering the sale of the shares of our
Class A common
stock or (iv) a registration in which the only Class A common stock being
registered is Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of debt
securities that are also being registered, the holders of these shares are
entitled to
notice of the registration and have the right, subject to certain
limitations, to include their shares in the registration.

S-3Registration Rights

The holders will be entitled to
certain Form S-3 registration rights. The holders of these shares can make a
request that we register any of their shares then registrable under our IRA
on Form S-3 if we are qualified to file a registration statement on Form S-3
and if the reasonably anticipated aggregate gross proceeds of
the shares offered would equal or exceed $10 million. We will not be
required to effect a registration on Form S-3 during the period beginning 30
days prior to our good faith estimate of the date of the
filing of, and ending up to 90 days following the effectiveness of, a
registration statement relating to the public offering of our Class A common
stock. Additionally, we will not be required to effect more than two
registrations on Form S-3 within any 12-month period; provided, that if at
any time we are eligible to file an automatic shelf registration statement
and we do not have an
effective automatic shelf registration statement for the benefit of KKR
Denali, this sentence shall not limit the rights of KKR Denali to demand the
filing of an automatic shelf registration statement.

Anti-Takeover Provisions

Certain provisions
of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
our amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective immediately
prior to the completion of this offering, which are summarized below, may
have the effect of
delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of
us. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire
control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe
that the benefits of
increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an
unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of
discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals
could result in an improvement of their
terms.

177

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated
Bylaw Provisions

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and
restated bylaws, which will become
effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, will include
a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or
prevent changes in control of our board of directors or management team,
including the following:

Multi-Class Stock

As
described above in “—Common Stock—Voting Rights,” our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides for a multi-class common stock
structure, as a result of which the Class B Stockholders will collectively
hold
% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. The Class B
Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement whereby all Class B common
stock held by the Class B Stockholders
and their respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be
voted as determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of
which must be Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Class B Stockholders, in
particular, Mr.
Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali will be able to determine or
significantly influence any action requiring the approval of our
stockholders, including the election of our board of directors, the adoption
of amendments to our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger, consolidation,
sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate
transaction.

Separate Class B Vote for Certain Transactions

Until the Final Conversion Date, our Class B common stock will have the
right to vote as a separate class on amendments to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation that affect the rights of our
Class B common stock. See the section titled “—Common Stock—Voting Rights.”

Board of Directors Vacancies

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws will authorize only our board of directors to fill
vacant directorships, including newly created seats. In addition, the number
of directors constituting our board of directors will be permitted to be set
only by a resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire board of
directors. These
provisions would prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board
of directors and then gaining control of our board of directors by filling
the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This will make it more
difficult to change the
composition of our board of directors and will promote continuity of
management.

Stockholder Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that
until the Voting Threshold Date, our stockholders
may only take action by written consent if such action is first recommended
or approved by our board of directors. After the Voting Threshold Date, our
stockholders will not be able to take action by written consent for any
matter and will only be
able to take action at annual or special meetings. As a result, following
the Voting Threshold Date, a holder or holders controlling a majority of our
capital stock would not be able to amend our amended and restated bylaws or
remove directors
without holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our
amended and restated bylaws. Our amended and restated bylaws will further
provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a
majority of our board of
directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive
Officer or our President, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a
special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our
stockholders to force consideration of
a proposal or for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock
to take any action, including the removal of directors.

178

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director
Nominations

Our amended and restated bylaws will provide advance notice procedures for
stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual
meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors
at our annual meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws will
also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a
stockholder’s notice.
These provisions might preclude our stockholders from bringing matters
before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for
directors at our annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are
not followed. We expect that
these provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from
conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of
directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.

No Cumulative Voting

The
Delaware General Corporation Law provides that stockholders are not entitled
to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation’s
certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated
certificate of
incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting.

Amendment of Charter and Bylaws Provisions

Amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will
require the approval of the holders of at least a majority of
the voting power of the outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and
Class B common stock. Our amended and restated bylaws will provide that the
approval of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the
outstanding shares of
our Class A common stock and Class B common voting together as a single
class is required for stockholders to amend or adopt any provision of our
bylaws.

Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock

Our board of directors will have the authority, without further action by
our stockholders, to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of
undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting
rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The
existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock would enable
our board of directors to
render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by
means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means.

Exclusive Forum

Our
amended and restated bylaws will provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for
(i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any
action asserting
a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors,
officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action
asserting a claim against the company or any director or officer of the
company arising pursuant to any
provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, (iv) any action to
interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws, or (v)
any other action
asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be
a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in all cases
subject to the court’s having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named
as defendants.
Nothing in our amended and restated bylaws precludes stockholders that
assert claims under the Exchange Act from bringing such claims in federal
court, subject to applicable law Our amended and restated bylaws will also
provide that the federal
district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum
for resolving any complaint asserting a course of action under the
Securities Act.

179

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our
securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these
provisions. We note that stockholders cannot waive compliance (or consent to
non-compliance) with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder.

Conflicts of Interest

Delaware law permits corporations to adopt provisions renouncing any
interest or expectancy in certain opportunities that are presented
to the corporation or its directors or stockholders. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, to the maximum extent permitted from
time to time by Delaware law, renounces any interest or expectancy that we
have in, or right to be
offered an opportunity to participate in, specified business opportunities
that are from time to time presented to our directors or stockholders or
their respective affiliates, other than those directors who are our
employees. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, none of KKR Denali, any of its affiliates, or any director
who is not employed by us or his or her affiliates will have any duty to
refrain from
(1) engaging in a corporate opportunity in the same or similar lines of
business in which we or our affiliates now engage or propose to engage or
(2) otherwise competing with us or our affiliates. In addition, to the
fullest extent
permitted by law, in the event that any of KKR Denali or any of its
affiliates, or any director who is not employed by us or his or her
affiliates acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business
opportunity which may be a corporate
opportunity for itself or himself or its or his affiliates or for us or our
affiliates, such person will have no duty to communicate or offer such
transaction or business opportunity to us or any of our affiliates and they
may take any such
opportunity for themselves or offer it to another person or entity. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not renounce our
interest in any business opportunity that is expressly offered to a non-
employee director solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of us. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, no business opportunity will be deemed to be a potential
corporate opportunity for us unless we would be permitted to legally and
contractually undertake the
opportunity, we have sufficient financial resources to undertake the
opportunity and the opportunity would be in line with our business.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

Upon the completion of this offering, the transfer agent and registrar for
our Class A common stock will be
Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent and registrar’s address
is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021.

Limitations of Liability and Indemnification

See the section titled “Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions—Limitation
of Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors.”

Listing

We have been approved to list our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global
Select Market under the symbol “APP”.

180

DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS

Credit Agreement

General

On August 15, 2018, we entered into a credit agreement with the lenders
party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative
agent for the lenders (the Credit Agreement; as amended, the Amended Credit
Agreement), which provided for $820.0 million of senior secured term loans
(the Closing Term Loans) and a $50.0 million senior secured revolving loan
facility. The
Credit Agreement was amended on April 23, 2019 to increase the senior
secured term loan facility by $400.0 million to an aggregate principal
amount of $1.22 billion (together with the Closing Term Loans, the Initial
Term Loans). The Credit
Agreement was further amended on April 27, 2020 to modify certain negative
covenants contained therein. The Credit Agreement was further amended on May
6, 2020 (the Third Amendment) to increase the senior secured term loan
facility by
$300.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.52 billion (the Third
Amendment Term Loans and together with the Initial Term Loans, the Term
Loans). The Credit Agreement was further amended on October 27, 2020 to add
an additional
$541.7 million in aggregate principal amount of revolving commitments and
reduce the existing commitments by $1.7 million, increasing the total
revolving commitments to $590.0 million, reduce the interest rate on the
revolving loans, and extend the
maturity date of the revolving loans. As of October 27, 2020, the aggregate
principal amount of the senior term loan facility under the Amended Credit
Agreement was $1.52 billion and the aggregate principal amount of the
revolving loan
commitments under the Credit Agreement was $590.0 million (the Revolving
Credit Facility). The revolving loan facility has a $50.0 million letter of
credit sublimit.

The Credit Agreement was further amended on February 12, 2021 to, among
other things, increase the senior secured term loan
facility by $300.0 million to an aggregate principal amount of $1.82
billion, to add an additional $10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
revolving commitments, increasing the total revolving commitments to
$600.0 million, and to reduce the interest rate on the incremental term
loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest rate as the Initial
Term Loans. We intend to borrow an additional $250.0 million under our
revolving credit
facility, which we expect to close on March 31, 2021.

As of December 31, 2020, our total outstanding indebtedness
under the Amended Credit Agreement was $1.64 billion, consisting of $1.49
billion of outstanding term loans and $150.0 million of outstanding
revolving loans.

The Amended Credit Agreement provides us with the right to request
additional commitments for new incremental term loans and revolving
loans, in an aggregate principal amount that can be incurred without causing
(x) if such indebtedness is secured by a lien on an equal priority basis
with the liens securing the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement
(1) the
consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after
giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma basis, to exceed 4.50 to 1.00 or (2) if such
indebtedness is incurred
to consummate a permitted acquisition or other permitted investment, the
consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after
giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma
basis, to exceed the greater of (A) 4.50 to 1.00 or (B) the consolidated
first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio immediately prior to
the consummation of such permitted acquisition or other permitted
investment; (y) if such
indebtedness is secured by a lien on a junior priority basis with the liens
securing the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement either (1) (A)
the consolidated senior secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after
giving effect to the
incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro
forma basis, to exceed 6.25 to 1.00 or (B) if such indebtedness is incurred
to consummate a permitted acquisition or other permitted investment, the
consolidated senior
secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after giving effect to the
incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro
forma basis, to exceed the greater of (I) 6.25 to 1.00 or (II) the
consolidated senior secured debt
to consolidated EBITDA ratio immediately prior to the consummation of such
permitted

181

acquisition or other permitted investment or (2) either (A) the fixed charge
coverage ratio after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness
and the use of proceeds thereof, on a
pro forma basis, to be less than 2.00 to 1.00 or (B) if such indebtedness is
incurred to consummate a permitted acquisition or other permitted
investment, the fixed charge coverage ratio, after giving effect to the
incurrence of such
indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to be
less than the lesser of (I) 2.00 to 1.00 or (II) the fixed charge coverage
ratio immediately prior to the consummation of such permitted acquisition or
other permitted
investment; or (z) if such indebtedness is unsecured either (1) either (A)
the consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after giving
effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds
thereof, on a pro forma
basis to exceed 6.25 to 1.00 or (B) if such indebtedness is incurred to
consummate a permitted acquisition or other permitted investment, the
consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, after giving effect to
the incurrence of such
indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to
exceed the greater of (I) 6.25 to 1.00 or (II) the consolidated total debt
to consolidated EBITDA ratio immediately prior to the consummation of such
permitted acquisition
or other permitted investment or (2) either (A) the fixed charge coverage
ratio after giving effect to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use
of proceeds thereof, on a pro forma basis, to be less than 2.00 to 1.00 or
(B) if such
indebtedness is incurred to consummate a permitted acquisition or other
permitted investment, the fixed charge coverage ratio, after giving effect
to the incurrence of such indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof, on a
pro forma basis, to be
less than the lesser of (I) 2.00 to 1.00 or (II) the fixed charge coverage
ratio immediately prior to the consummation of such permitted acquisition or
other permitted investment; plus, the sum of (x) the greater of (i)
$180 million and (ii) consolidated EBITDA on a pro forma basis for the most
recently ended period of four fiscal quarters for which financial statements
are available prior to such date of determination and (y) the aggregate
amount of
voluntary prepayments of loans. Certain debt obligations outside of the
Amended Credit Agreement are counted against the availability amount for
incremental loans. Such incremental loans are uncommitted and subject to
certain minimum amount
requirements.

The Revolving Loan Facility will mature on February 15, 2025 and the Term
Loans will mature on August 15,
2025.

Amortization, Interest Rates, and Fees

As of December 31, 2020, the Amended Credit Agreement required equal
quarterly repayments of (i) with respect to the Initial Term
Loans, $3.1 million and (ii) with respect to the Third Amendment Term Loans,
0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Third Amendment Term Loans
made on the effective date of the Third Amendment.

The borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a
floating rate which can be, at our option, either (i) an
adjusted LIBOR rate for a specified interest period plus an applicable
margin of 2.50% (which steps down to 2.25% after the consummation of this
offering) or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of 1.50% (which
steps down to 1.25% after
the consummation of this offering). The applicable margins for LIBOR rate
and base rate borrowings are subject to reductions to 2.25% and 1.25% (2.00%
and 1.00%, after the consummation of this offering), respectively, based on
our consolidated first
lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The LIBOR rate applicable to
the Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a “floor” of 0.00%.

The Initial Term Loans bear interest at a floating rate which can be, at our
option, either (i) an adjusted LIBOR rate for a
specified interest period plus an applicable margin of 3.75% (which steps
down to 3.50% after the consummation of this offering) or (ii) a base rate
plus an applicable margin of 2.75% (which steps down to 2.50% after the
consummation of this
offering). The applicable margins for LIBOR rate and base rate borrowings
are subject to reductions to 3.50% and 2.50% (3.25% and

182

2.25%, after the consummation of this offering), respectively, based on our
consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The LIBOR
rate applicable to the Initial Term Loans is subject to a “floor” of 0.00%.
The Third Amendment Term Loans bear interest at a rate which can be, at our
option, either (i) an adjusted LIBOR rate for a specified interest period
plus an applicable margin of 4.00% (which steps down to 3.75% after the
consummation of this offering) or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin
of 3.00% (which steps down to 2.75% after the consummation of this
offering). The LIBOR rate applicable to the Third Amendment Term Loans is
subject to a “floor” of 0.00%. The base rate for any day is a fluctuating
rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the federal funds effective rate
in effect on such day, plus 0.50%, (ii) the rate of interest in effect for
such day as publicly announced by the administrative agent as its “prime
rate,” and (iii) the adjusted LIBOR rate for a one-month interestperiod,
plus 1.00%. In addition to paying interest on loans outstanding under the
Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loans, we are required to pay a
commitment fee of 0.50% per annum of unused commitments under the Revolving
Credit Facility. The commitment fee is subject to reductions to 0.375% per
annum and 0.25% per annum based on our consolidated first lien secured debt
to consolidated EBITDA ratio. We are also required to pay letter of credit
fees on the maximum amount available to be drawn under all outstanding
letters of credit in an amount equal to the applicable margin for LIBOR
loans under the Revolving Credit Facility on a per annum basis. We are also
required to pay customary fronting fees and other customary documentary fees
in connection with the issuance of letters of credit. Voluntary Prepayments
We are permitted to voluntarily prepay or repay outstanding loans under the
Revolving Credit Facility or Term Loans at any time, in whole or in part,
subject to prior written notice, minimum amount requirements, and customary
“breakage” costs with respect to LIBOR loans. Amounts prepaid under the
Revolving Credit Facility may subsequently be reborrowed. We are permitted
to reduce commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility at any time, in
whole or in part, subject to minimum amounts. Mandatory Prepayments The
Amended Credit Agreement requires us to prepay, subject to certain
exceptions, the Term Loans with:
                                                                            
       100% of net cash proceeds above a threshold amount of certain asset  
       sales, certain debt incurrences and casualty events,                 
       subject to, in the case of asset sales, casualty events, and sale    
       leasebacks, (i) step-downs to (x) 50% if our consolidated first      
  •    lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or       
       equal to 3.50 to 1.00, but greater than 2.50 to                      
       1.00 and (y) 0% if our consolidated first lien secured debt to       
       consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 and  
       (ii) reinvestment rights and certain other exceptions;               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       50% of annual excess cash flow above a threshold amount, subject to  
       (i) a step-down to 25% if our consolidated                           
       first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than    
       or equal to 4.00 to 1.00, but greater than 3.50 to 1.00, and (ii) a  
       step-down to 0% if our first lien net leverage ratio is less than    
  •    or equal to 3.50 to 1.00; provided that such                         
       a prepayment is required only in the amount (if any) by which such   
       prepayment exceeds $10 million in such fiscal year. The amount of    
       excess cash flow is subject to certain deductions and exceptions,    
       including a dollar-for-dollar reduction based on the amount of       
       voluntary prepayments of Term                                        
                                                                            
183
                                                      
  Loans and loans under the Revolving Credit          
  Facility (to the extent accompanied by a permanent  
  commitment reduction); and                          
                                                      
                                                                         
  •    100% of the net cash proceeds of certain other debt incurrences.  
                                                                         
Guarantees Subject to certain exceptions, all obligations under the Amended
Credit Agreement, including certain hedging and cash management
arrangements, are jointly and severally, fully and unconditionally,
guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of our existing and future
direct and indirect subsidiaries (other than unrestricted subsidiaries,
foreign subsidiaries, foreign subsidiary holding companies, subsidiaries
prohibited by applicable law from becoming guarantors, immaterial
subsidiaries, and certain other exempted subsidiaries). Security Our
obligations and the obligations of the guarantors of our obligations under
the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by perfected first priority pledges
of and security interests in (i) substantially all of the existing and
future equity interests of our and each guarantor’s subsidiaries, subject to
certain limitations and exceptions and (ii) substantially all of our and
each guarantor’s tangible and intangible assets, in each case, subject to
certain exceptions. Certain Covenants The Amended Credit Agreement contains
a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain
exceptions, our ability and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to:
                                       
  •    incur additional indebtedness;  
                                       
                               
  •    create or incur liens;  
                               
                                                                            
  •    engage in consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, liquidations,      
       dissolutions or dispositions;                                        
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of assets;  
                                                        
                                                                            
       pay dividends and distributions on, or purchase, redeem, defease,    
  •    or otherwise acquire or retire for value, capital                    
       stock;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    make acquisitions, investments, loans (including guarantees),        
       advances, or capital contributions; and                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    create negative pledges or restrictions on the payment of            
       dividends.                                                           
                                                                            
In addition, the Amended Credit Agreement includes a springing financial
covenant solely with respect to the revolving credit facility which requires
that for so long, as of the last day of the applicable test period, (i) the
aggregate principal amount of all outstanding revolving credit loans plus
(ii) the aggregate principal amount of all undrawn letters of credit in
excess of $15 million then outstanding, exceeds 35.0% of the amount of the
Revolving Credit Facility as of such date (the Revolving Credit Facility
Test Condition), our consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated
EBITDA ratio cannot exceed 6.75 to 1.00, tested quarterly on the last day of
any test period for which the Revolving Credit Facility Test Condition is
applicable. Events of Default The Amended Credit Agreement includes certain
customary events of default, including, among others, failure to pay
principal, interest, or other amounts (subject to grace periods); material
184

inaccuracy of representations and warranties; violation of covenants;
specified cross-default and cross-acceleration to other material
indebtedness; certain bankruptcy and insolvency events;
invalidity of guarantees or grants of security interest; certain
undischarged judgments; and change of control.

Definitive Agreement to Acquire Adjust

In February 2021, we signed a share purchase agreement with Adjust, which we
amended and restated in March 2021, to acquire all the
outstanding shares of Adjust for an estimated purchase price of
approximately $1.0 billion, consisting of, among other consideration, the
assumption of up to $40.0 million in the aggregate of debt, accrued
interest, and fees of Adjust, in
each case upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the share purchase
agreement. See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Definitive Agreement to
Acquire
Adjust” for a description of the share purchase agreement.

185

SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, there has been no
public market for our Class A common stock, and we cannot predict the
effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our Class A common stock or
the availability of shares of our Class A common stock for sale will have on
the market price of our Class A common stock prevailing from time to time.
Future sales of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the
availability of such shares for sale in the public market, could adversely
affect market prices prevailing from time to time. As described below, only
a limited number of shares of our Class A common stock will be available for
sale shortly after this offering due to contractual and legal restrictions
on resale. Nevertheless, sales of our Class A common stock in the public
market after such restrictions lapse, or the perception that those sales may
occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price at such time and
our ability to raise equity capital in the future. Following the completion
of this offering, based on the number of shares of our capital stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2020, we will have a total of shares of our
Class A common stock, shares of our Class B common stock, and no shares of
our Class C common stock outstanding. Of these outstanding shares, all
shares of our Class A common stock sold in this offering will be freely
tradable, except that any shares purchased in this offering by our
affiliates, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act,
would only be able to be sold in compliance with the Rule 144 limitations
described below. The remaining outstanding shares of our Class A common
stock (including shares issued upon conversion of our Class B common stock)
will be, and shares subject to stock options will be upon issuance, deemed
“restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if they are
registered under the Securities Act or if they qualify for an exemption from
registration under Rule 144 or Rule 701 under the Securities Act, which
rules are summarized below. As a result of the lock-upand market standoff
agreements described below and the provisions of our IRA described in the
section titled “Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights,” and
subject to the provisions of Rule 144 or Rule 701, shares of our Class A
common stock (including shares issued upon conversion of our Class B common
stock) will be available for sale in the public market as follows:
                                                                            
       beginning on the date of this prospectus, all                        
  •    shares of our Class A common stock sold in this offering will be     
       immediately available for sale in the public market;                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       beginning on the first day our Class A common stock trades on the    
       Nasdaq Global Select Market, approximately                           
       shares of our Class A common stock held by current and former        
  •    employees (as such term is defined for purposes of Form S-8), but    
       excluding current executive officers and directors, will be          
       immediately available for sale in the public market from time to     
       time thereafter;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       beginning on the Earnings-Related Release, approximately             
       shares of our Class A common stock will be immediately available     
  •    for sale in the public market from time to time thereafter           
       subject in some cases to the volume and other restrictions of Rule   
       144; and                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       beginning on the earlier of the Blackout-Related Release and 181     
       days after the date of this prospectus, all remaining                
       shares of our Class A common stock (including shares of Class A      
  •    common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock) will  
       become eligible for sale in the public market, of which              
       approximately                                                        
       shares will be held by affiliates and subject to the volume and      
       other restrictions of Rule 144, as described below.                  
                                                                            
Lock-Up and Market Standoff Agreements We and all of our directors and
executive officers, as well as the holders of substantially all of our
equity securities have entered or will enter into lock-up agreements with
the underwriters prior to the 186

commencement of this offering pursuant to which each of these persons or
entities, with limited exceptions, during a period ending 180 days after the
date of this prospectus, may not, without the
prior written consent of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC, (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract
to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option,
right or warrant to
purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly,
any shares of our common stock or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for our common stock (including, without
limitation, common stock or such
other securities which may be deemed to be beneficially owned by such
directors, executive officers and stockholders in accordance with the rules
and regulations of the SEC and securities which may be issued upon exercise
of a stock option or
warrant); (ii) file any registration statement with the SEC relating to the
offering of any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for common stock; (iii) enter into any swap or
other arrangement
that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic
consequences of ownership of the common stock whether any such transaction
described above is to be settled by delivery of Class A common stock or such
other securities, in cash, or
otherwise; or (iv) or publicly disclose the intention to do any of the
foregoing.

First Trading Day Release

The terms of the lock-up agreements release 15% of the shares of common
stock (including shares issuable upon exercise of vested options)
held as of the date of this prospectus by current and former employees (as
such term is defined for purposes of Form S-8), but excluding current
executive officers and directors, subject to the lock-up agreements at the
commencement of trading on
the first trading day on which our Class A common stock is traded on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market.

Earnings-Related Release

The terms of the lock-up agreements release 20% of the shares held as of the
date of this prospectus (and including shares issuable upon
the exercise of options that are scheduled to be vested as of the date that
is 90 days thereafter provided, however, the lock-up signatory continues to
be a service provider to us through such date) subject to the lock-up
agreements at the
commencement of trading on the second trading day after we announce earnings
for our second quarter of 2021. The Earnings-Related Release will not occur
unless we have announced earnings, either through a major news service or on
a Form 8-K, at
least five trading days in advance of the date of such earnings
announcement. This Earnings-Related Release will not apply to shares owned
by any limited liability company, partnership, corporation, trust or other
entity (including, without
limitation, any investment fund), unless all of the equity interests and
other economic interests in such entity are owned exclusively by lock-up
signatory and immediate family members of such lock-up signatory.

Blackout-Related Release

To the
extent not released on the First Trading Day Release or Earnings-Related
Release described above, pursuant to the lock-up agreements, if (i) at least
120 days have elapsed since the date of this prospectus, and (ii) the lock-
up period is scheduled
to end during or within five trading days prior to a regularly-scheduled
blackout period under our insider trading policy, the lock-up period will
end 10 trading days prior to the commencement of such blackout period;
provided that in the event the
lock-up period will end during such period, we will notify the
representatives of the date of the impending Blackout-Related Release
promptly upon our determination of the date of the Blackout-Related Release
and in any event at least seven trading
days in advance of the date of the Blackout-Related Release, and will
announce the date of the expected Blackout-Related Release through a major
news service, or on a Form 8-K, at least two trading days in advance of the
Blackout-Related Release.

187

Final Lock-Up Expiration Beginning 181 days after the date of this
prospectus, the remainder of the shares of our Class A common stock
(including shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class
B common stock) will become eligible for sale in the public market. The
following table summarizes the potential lock-up expiration dates:
                                                                            
  Type of           Conditions         Expiration Date     Shares Released  
  Release                                                                   
                                                           15% of the       
                                                           shares           
                                                           (approximately   
                                                           shares) subject  
                                                           to the lock-up   
                                                           agreements       
                                                           (including       
                                                           shares issuable  
                                                           upon             
                                       The first           exercise of      
                    Our Class A        trading day on      vested options)  
                    common stock       which our Class     held as of the   
  First Trading     begins trading     A common stock      date of this     
  Day Release       on the Nasdaq      is traded on the    prospectus by    
                    Global Select      Nasdaq Global       current and      
                    Market             Select Market       former           
                                                           employees (as    
                                                           such term is     
                                                           defined for      
                                                           purposes of      
                                                           Form S-8), but   
                                                           excluding        
                                                           current          
                                                           executive        
                                                           officers and     
                                                           directors,       
                                                           20% of the       
                                                           shares           
                                                           (approximately   
                                                           shares) held as  
                                                           of the date of   
                    We have                                this prospectus  
                    publicly           The commencement    (and including   
                    announced          of trading on       shares issuable  
  Earnings-Rela…    earnings for a     the second          upon exercise    
  Release           quarter after      trading day         of options that  
                    the 90th day       after we make       are scheduled    
                    following the      such earnings       to be vested     
                    date of this       announcement        within 90 days   
                    prospectus                             thereafter) by   
                                                           each             
                                                           stockholder      
                                                           subject to the   
                                                           lock-up          
                                                           agreements       
                    Both:                                                   
                    •   At least                                            
                    120 days have                                           
                    elapsed since                                           
                    the date of                                             
                    this               The lock-up                          
                    prospectus; and    period will end                      
                    •   The lock-up    10 trading days                      
  Blackout-Rela…    period is          prior to the        All remaining    
  Release           scheduled to       commencement of     shares           
                    end during or      the blackout                         
                    within five        period under our                     
                    trading days       insider trading                      
                    prior to a         policy                               
                    regularly-sche…                                         
                    blackout period                                         
                    under our                                               
                    insider trading                                         
                    policy                                                  
  Final Lock-Up     Time-based         181 days after      All remaining    
  Expiration        condition          the date of this    shares           
                                       prospectus                           
                                                                            
In addition, our executive officers, directors, and holders of a substantial
majority of all of our capital stock and securities convertible into or
exchangeable for our capital stock, except in certain cases to the extent
they have otherwise signed lock-up agreements described above have entered
into market standoff agreements with us under which they have agreed that,
subject to certain exceptions, for a period of 180 days after the date of
this prospectus, they will not, without our prior written consent, dispose
of or hedge any shares or any securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of our Class A common stock. Rule 144 In general, Rule 144
provides that once we have been subject to the public company reporting
requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act for at least
90 days, a person who is 188

not deemed to have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities
Act at any time during the 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially
owned the shares of our Class A common stock proposed to be sold for at
least six months is entitled to sell those shares without complying with the
manner of sale, volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject
to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such
a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least
one year, including the holding period of any prior owner other than our
affiliates, then that person would be entitled to sell those shares without
complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144. In general, Rule 144
provides that our affiliates or persons selling shares of our Class A common
stock on behalf of our affiliates are entitled to sell upon expiration of
the market standoff agreements and lock-upagreements described above, within
any three-month period, a number of shares of our Class A common stock that
does not exceed the greater of:
                                                                            
       1% of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then          
  •    outstanding, which will equal                                        
       shares immediately after the completion of this offering; or         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the average weekly trading volume of our Class A common stock        
  •    during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a             
       notice on Form 144 with respect to that sale.                        
                                                                            
Sales of our Class A common stock made in reliance upon Rule 144 by our
affiliates or persons selling shares of our Class A common stock on behalf
of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions and
notice requirements and to the availability of current public information
about us. Rule 701 Rule 701 generally allows a stockholder who purchased
shares of our capital stock pursuant to a written compensatory plan or
contract and who is not deemed to have been an affiliate of our company
during the immediately preceding 90 days to sell these shares in reliance
upon Rule 144, but without being required to comply with the public
information, holding period, volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule
144. Rule 701 also permits affiliates of our company to sell their Rule 701
shares under Rule 144 without complying with the holding period requirements
of Rule 144. All holders of Rule 701 shares, however, are required to wait
until 90 days after the date of this prospectus before selling those shares
pursuant to Rule 701. Registration Rights Pursuant to our IRA, after the
completion of this offering, the holders of up to shares of our Class A
common stock (including shares issuable upon conversion of shares of our
Class B common stock and the exercise of certain warrants), or certain
transferees, will be entitled to certain rights with respect to the
registration of the offer and sale of those shares under the Securities Act.
The stockholders receiving shares of our Class A common stock in connection
with our pending acquisition of Adjust will also be entitled to these rights
with respect to such shares. See the section titled “Description of Capital
Stock—Registration Rights” for a description of these registration rights.
If the offer and sale of these shares of our Class A common stock are
registered, the shares will be freely tradable without restriction under the
Securities Act, subject to the Rule 144 limitations applicable to
affiliates, and a large number of shares may be sold into the public market.
Registration Statements We intend to file a registration statement on Form
S-8under the Securities Act promptly after the effectiveness of this
offering to register shares of our Class A common stock subject to options
outstanding, as well as reserved for future issuance, under our equity
compensation plans. The 189

registration statement on Form S-8 is expected to become effective
immediately upon filing, and shares of our Class A common stock covered by
the
registration statement will then become eligible for sale in the public
market, subject to the Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates,
vesting restrictions and any applicable market standoff agreements and
lock-up agreements. In addition, we intend to file an additional
registration statement on Form S-8 promptly after the effectiveness of this
offering covering
shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to our 2011 Plan. This
registration statement on Form S-8 will cover the shares released pursuant
to the First Day Trading Release described above and
permit the resale of such shares in the public market without restriction
under the Securities Act. See the section titled “Executive
Compensation—Employee Benefit and Stock Plans” for a description of our
equity compensation plans.

190

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S.HOLDERS OF OUR
CLASS A COMMON STOCK The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal
income tax consequences to “non-U.S.holders” (as defined below) of the
purchase, ownership and disposition of our Class A common stock issued
pursuant to this offering. This discussion does not purport to be a complete
analysis of all the potential tax considerations relating thereto. This
summary is based on the provisions of the Code, the Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and judicial decisions, all
as of the date hereof. These authorities are subject to differing
interpretations and may change, possibly retroactively, which may result in
U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those set forth below.
We have not requested a ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
with respect to the statements made and the conclusions reached in the
following summary, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court
will agree with such statements and conclusions. This summary does not
address the tax considerations arising under the laws of any state, local or
non-U.S.jurisdiction, or under U.S. federal gift and estate tax laws. In
addition, this discussion does not address tax considerations applicable to
a non-U.S.holder’s particular circumstances or non-U.S.holders that may be
subject to special rules under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including,
without limitation:
                                                                            
       banks, insurance companies or other financial institutions (except   
  •    to the extent specifically set forth below),                         
       regulated investment companies or real estate investment trusts;     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    persons subject to the alternative minimum tax or Medicare           
       contribution tax on net investment income;                           
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations;  
                                                                
                                                      
  •    pension plans or tax-exempt retirement plans;  
                                                      
                                                                            
       controlled foreign corporations (as defined in Section 957 of the    
  •    Code), passive foreign investment companies (as                      
       defined in Section 1297 of the Code) and corporations that           
       accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax;                
                                                                            
                                                        
  •    brokers or dealers in securities or currencies;  
                                                        
                                                                            
       traders in securities or other persons that elect to use a           
  •    mark-to-market method of accounting for their holdings in our        
       stock;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons that own, or are deemed to own, more than five percent of    
  •    our capital stock (except to the extent specifically                 
       set forth below);                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the   
       United States;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       partnerships, or entities or arrangements treated as partnerships    
  •    for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or other                       
       pass-through entities (and investors therein);                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons who hold our Class A common stock as a position in a         
  •    hedging transaction, “straddle,” “conversion                         
       transaction” or other risk reduction transaction or integrated       
       investment;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons who hold or receive our Class A common stock pursuant to     
  •    the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise               
       as compensation;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any   
  •    item of gross income with respect to our Class A                     
       common stock being taken into account in an “applicable financial    
       statement” (as defined in Section 451(b) of the Code);               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       persons who do not hold our Class A common stock as a capital asset  
  •    within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code;                      
       or                                                                   
                                                                            
191
                                                                            
  •    persons deemed to sell our Class A common stock under the            
       constructive sale provisions of the Code.                            
                                                                            
In addition, if a partnership or other entity or arrangement treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our Class A common
stock, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership generally will
depend on the status of the partner and on the activities of the
partnership. Accordingly, partnerships, or other entities or arrangements
treated as partnerships, that hold our Class A common stock, and partners in
such partnerships, should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax
consequences of the ownership and disposition of our Class A common stock.
This discussion is for informational purposes only and is not tax advice.
You are urged to consult your tax advisor with respect to the application of
the U.S. federal income tax laws to your particular situation, as well as
any tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our Class
A common stock arising under the U.S. federal gift or estate tax laws or
under the laws of any U.S. state or local, non-U.S.or other taxing
jurisdiction or under any applicable tax treaty. Non-U.S.Holder Defined For
purposes of this discussion, you are a “non-U.S.holder” if you are any
holder that is not a partnership (or entity or arrangement treated as a
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and are not, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, any of the following:
                                                                         
  •    an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;  
                                                                         
                                                                            
       a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for      
  •    U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized               
       in the United States or under the laws of the United States, any     
       state thereof or the District of Columbia;                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax         
       regardless of its source; or                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a trust (x) whose administration is subject to the primary           
       supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more                
       “United States persons” (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the    
  •    Code) who have the authority to control all substantial decisions    
       of the trust or (y) which has made a valid election to be treated    
       as a U.S. person under the                                           
       applicable Treasury Regulations.                                     
                                                                            
Distributions We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our capital stock
in the foreseeable future. However, if we do make distributions on our Class
A common stock, those payments will constitute dividends for U.S. federal
income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated
earnings and profits, if any, as determined under U.S. federal income tax
principles. To the extent those distributions exceed both our current and
our accumulated earnings and profits, they will constitute a return of
capital and will first reduce your basis in our Class A common stock, but
not below zero, and then will be treated as gain from the sale or other
disposition of property as described below under “—Gain on Disposition of
Our Class A Common Stock.” Except as otherwise described below in the
paragraph on effectively connected income and the sections titled “—Backup
Withholding and Information Reporting” and “—FATCA,” any dividend paid to
you generally will be subject to U.S. withholding tax either at a rate of
30% of the gross amount of the dividend or such lower rate as may be
specified by an applicable income tax treaty between the U.S. and your
country of residence. If we or another withholding agent over-withhold or if
a non-U.S.holder does not timely provide us with the required documentation,
but that qualifies for a reduced treaty rate, the non-U.S.holder may be
entitled to a refund or credit of any excess tax withheld by timely filing
an appropriate claim with the IRS. 192

In order to receive a reduced treaty rate, you must timely provide the
applicable withholding agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN,IRS Form W-8BEN-Eor
other appropriate version of IRS Form W-8,including any required attachments
and your taxpayer identification number, certifying qualification for the
reduced rate. In addition, you will be required to update such forms and
certifications from time to time as required by law. If you are eligible for
a reduced rate of U.S. withholding tax pursuant to an income tax treaty, you
may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld by timely filing an
appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. If you hold our stock through a
financial institution or other agent acting on your behalf, you will be
required to provide appropriate documentation to the agent, which then will
be required to provide certification to us or our paying agent, either
directly or through other intermediaries. You should consult your tax
advisor regarding entitlement to benefits under any applicable income tax
treaties. Dividends received by you that are effectively connected with your
conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and, if required by an applicable
income tax treaty, attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base
maintained by you in the United States) are generally exempt from such
withholding tax, subject to the discussions below on backup withholding and
FATCA withholding. In order to obtain this exemption, you must provide us
with an IRS Form W-8ECIor other applicable IRS Form W-8,including any
required attachments and your taxpayer identification number, certifying
qualification for the reduced rate. In addition, you will be required to
update such forms and certifications from time to time as required by law.
Such effectively connected dividends, although not subject to U.S. federal
withholding tax, are includable on your U.S. federal income tax return and
taxed to you at the same graduated rates applicable to U.S. persons, net of
certain deductions and credits. If you are a corporate non-U.S.holder,
dividends you receive that are effectively connected with your conduct of a
U.S. trade or business may also be subject to a branch profits tax at a rate
of 30%, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax
treaty between the United States and your country of residence. You should
consult your tax advisor regarding any applicable tax treaties that may
provide for different rules. Gain on Disposition of Our Class A Common Stock
Except as otherwise described below in the sections titled “—Backup
Withholding and Information Reporting,” and “—FATCA,” a non-U.S.holder
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain
realized on the sale or other disposition of our Class A common stock
unless:
                                                                            
       the gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a U.S. trade  
       or business (and, if required by an applicable                       
  •    income tax treaty, the gain is attributable to a permanent           
       establishment or fixed base maintained by you in the United          
       States);                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       you are a non-resident alien individual who is present in the        
       United States for                                                    
  •    a period or periods aggregating 183 days or more during the          
       calendar year in which the sale or other disposition occurs and      
       other conditions are met; or                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our Class A common stock constitutes a United States real property   
       interest by reason of our status as a                                
       “United States real property holding corporation,” or USRPHC, for    
       U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time within the shorter of   
       the five-year period preceding your disposition of, or your holding  
       period for, our Class A common                                       
       stock, and, in the case where shares of our Class A common stock     
       are regularly traded on an established securities market, you own,   
       or are treated as owning, more than 5% of our Class A common stock   
  •    at any time during the foregoing period.                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
In general, a corporation is a USRPHC if the fair market value of its U.S.
real property interests equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of the fair market
value of its worldwide property interests and its other assets used or held
for use in a trade or business (all as determined for U.S. federal income
tax 193

purposes). We believe, and this discussion assumes, that we currently are
not, and will not become, a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
However, because the determination of whether we
are a USRPHC depends on the fair market value of our U.S. real property
interests relative to the fair market value of our other business assets,
there can be no assurance that we will not become a USRPHC at some point in
the future. Even if we
become a USRPHC, however, as long as our Class A common stock is regularly
traded on an established securities market, such Class A common stock will
be treated as U.S. real property interests only if you actually or
constructively hold more than
five percent of such regularly traded Class A common stock at any time
during the shorter of the five-year period preceding your disposition of, or
your holding period for, our Class A common stock.

If you are a non-U.S. holder described in the first bullet above, you will
generally be required
to pay tax on the net gain derived from the sale under regular graduated
U.S. federal income tax rates (and a corporate non-U.S. holder described in
the first bullet above also may be subject to the branch
profits tax at a 30% rate), unless otherwise provided by an applicable
income tax treaty between the United States and your country of residence.
If you are a non-U.S. holder described in the second bullet
above, you will generally be required to pay a 30% tax (or such lower rate
specified by an applicable income tax treaty between the United States and
your country of residence) on the gain derived from the sale or other
disposition of our stock,
which gain may be offset by certain U.S. source capital losses (provided you
have timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such
losses). You should consult your tax advisor regarding any applicable income
tax treaty that may
provide for different rules.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

Generally, we must report annually to the IRS the amount of dividends paid
to you, your name and address and the amount of tax withheld,
if any. A similar report will be sent to you. Pursuant to applicable income
tax treaties or other agreements, the IRS may make these reports available
to tax authorities in your country of residence.

Payments of dividends or of proceeds on the sale or other disposition of
stock made to you may be subject to information reporting and
backup withholding unless you establish an exemption, for example, by
properly certifying your non-U.S. status on an IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form
W-8BEN-E or another appropriate version of IRS Form W-8. Any documentation
provided to an applicable withholding agent may need to be
updated in certain circumstances.

Information reporting and backup withholding generally will apply to the
proceeds of a sale or
other disposition of our Class A common stock by a non-U.S. holder effected
by or through the U.S. office of any broker, U.S. or foreign, unless the
holder certifies its status as a non-U.S. holder and satisfies certain other
requirements, or otherwise establishes an exemption. Generally, information
reporting and backup withholding will not apply to a payment of the proceeds
from a sale or
other disposition of our stock to a non-U.S. holder where the transaction is
effected outside the United States through a foreign broker. However, for
information reporting purposes, sales or other
dispositions effected through a non-U.S. office of a broker with substantial
U.S. ownership or operations generally will be treated in a manner similar
to sales or other dispositions effected through a U.S.
office of a broker. Notwithstanding the foregoing, backup withholding and
information reporting may apply if either we or our paying agent has actual
knowledge, or reason to know, that you are a U.S. person.
Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the
application of the information reporting and backup withholding rules to
them.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the U.S. federal income
tax liability of persons subject to backup withholding
generally will be reduced by the amount withheld. If withholding results in
an overpayment of taxes, a refund or credit may generally be obtained from
the IRS, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS in a
timely manner.

194

FATCA

The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) as reflected in Sections 1471
through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations and
administrative guidance issued thereunder, generally imposes U.S. federal
withholding tax at a rate of 30% on dividends on and the gross proceeds from
a sale or other disposition of our Class A common stock if paid to a
“foreign financial
institution” (as defined in the Code), unless otherwise provided by the
Treasury Secretary or such institution enters into an agreement with the
U.S. government to withhold on certain payments and to collect and provide
to the U.S. tax
authorities substantial information regarding the U.S. account holders of
such institution (which includes certain equity and debt holders of such
institution, as well as certain account holders that are
non-U.S. entities with U.S. owners) or otherwise establishes an exemption.
FATCA also generally imposes a U.S. federal withholding tax of 30% on
dividends paid on and the gross proceeds from a sale or other
disposition of our Class A common stock if paid to a “non-financial foreign
entity” (as defined in the Code) unless otherwise provided by the Treasury
Secretary or such entity provides the
withholding agent with a certification identifying, and information with
respect to, certain direct and indirect “substantial United States owners”
(as defined in the Code), or substantial U.S. owners, of the entity,
certifies that it does
not have any such substantial U.S. owners or otherwise establishes and
certifies to an exemption. The withholding provisions under FATCA generally
apply to dividends on our Class A common stock. The U.S. Treasury Department
has issued proposed
regulations providing that the withholding provisions under FATCA do not
apply with respect to the gross proceeds from a sale or other disposition of
our Class A common stock. In its preamble to such proposed regulations, the
U.S. Treasury
Department stated that taxpayers may generally rely on the proposed
regulations until final regulations are issued. An intergovernmental
agreement between the United States and your country of tax residence may
modify the requirements described in
this paragraph. Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors
regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in our
Class A common stock.

Each prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the
particular U.S. federal, state and local and non-U.S.tax consequences of
purchasing, holding and disposing of our Class A common stock, including the
consequences of any proposed change in applicable laws.

195

UNDERWRITERS (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST) Under the terms and subject to the
conditions in an underwriting agreement to be dated the date of this
prospectus, the underwriters named below, for whom Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC will act as representatives, will severally
agree to purchase, and we and the selling stockholder will agree to sell to
them, severally, the number of shares of Class A common stock indicated
below:
                                                         
  Name                                        Number of  
                                              Shares     
  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC                               
  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC                             
  KKR Capital Markets LLC                                
  BofA Securities, Inc.                                  
  Citigroup Global Markets Inc.                          
  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC                     
  UBS Securities LLC                                     
  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.                                 
  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated               
  Truist Securities, Inc.                                
  William Blair & Company, L.L.C.                        
  LionTree Advisors LLC                                  
  LUMA Securities LLC                                    
  Raine Securities LLC                                   
  Blaylock Van, LLC                                      
  Guzman & Company                                       
  R. Seelaus & Co., LLC                                  
  Roberts & Ryan Investments, Inc.                       
  Total:                                                 
                                                         
The underwriters and the representatives are collectively referred to as the
“underwriters” and the “representatives,” respectively. The underwriters
will offer the shares of Class A common stock subject to their acceptance of
the shares from us and the selling stockholder and subject to prior sale.
The underwriting agreement will provide that the obligations of the several
underwriters to pay for and accept delivery of the shares of Class A common
stock offered by this prospectus are subject to the approval of certain
legal matters by their counsel and to certain other conditions. The
underwriters will be obligated to take and pay for all of the shares of
Class A common stock offered by this prospectus if any such shares are
taken. However, the underwriters will not be required to take or pay for the
shares covered by the underwriters’ over-allotment option described below.
The underwriters initially propose to offer part of the shares of Class A
common stock directly to the public at the offering price listed on the
cover page of this prospectus and part to certain dealers. After the initial
offering of the shares of Class A common stock, the offering price and other
selling terms may from time to time be varied by the representatives. The
selling stockholder will grant to the underwriters an option, exercisable
for 30 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to additional
shares of Class A common stock at the public offering price listed on the
cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting discounts and commissions.
The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering
over-allotments, if any, made in connection with this offering. To the
extent the option is exercised, each underwriter will become obligated,
subject to certain conditions, to purchase about the same percentage of the
additional shares of Class A common stock as the number listed next to the
underwriter’s name in the preceding table bears to the total number of
shares of Class A common stock listed next to the names of all underwriters
in the preceding table. 196

The following table shows the per share and total public offering price,
underwriting discounts and commissions, and proceeds, before expenses, to us
and the selling stockholder. These amounts are shown assuming both no
exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option to
purchase up to an additional shares of Class A common stock from the selling
stockholder.
                                                                            
                                           Total                            
                           Per Share       No Exercise       Full Exercise  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Public offering       $               $                 $                 
  price                                                                     
  Underwriting                                                              
  discounts and         $               $                 $                 
  commissions                                                               
  to be paid by us                                                          
  Underwriting                                                              
  discounts and                                                             
  commissions                                                               
  to be paid by the                                                         
  selling                                                                   
  stockholder                                                               
  Proceeds, before      $               $                 $                 
  expenses, to us                                                           
  Proceeds, before                                                          
  expenses, to          $               $                 $                 
  selling                                                                   
  stockholder                                                               
                                                                            
The estimated offering expenses, exclusive of the underwriting discounts and
commissions, are approximately $ . The underwriters have agreed to reimburse
us for certain expenses incurred by us in connection with this offering upon
closing of this offering. We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for
expenses relating to clearance of this offering with the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority up to $50,000. The underwriters have informed us that
they do not intend sales to discretionary accounts to exceed 5% of the total
number of shares of Class A common stock offered by them. We have been
approved to list our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
under the trading symbol “APP”. We and all of our directors and executive
officers, as well as the holders of substantially all of our outstanding
equity securities have agreed that, without the prior written consent of
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC on behalf of the
underwriters and subject to certain exceptions, we and they will not, and
will not publicly disclose an intention to, during the period ending 180
days after the date of this prospectus:
                                                                            
       offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract   
       to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell,                
       grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise   
       transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of our    
       common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or    
  •    exchangeable for our common stock (including,                        
       without limitation, common stock or such other securities which may  
       be deemed to be beneficially owned by such directors, executive      
       officers and stockholders in accordance with the rules and           
       regulations of the SEC and securities which may be issued            
       upon exercise of a stock option or warrant);                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       file any registration statement with the SEC relating to the         
  •    offering of any shares of common stock or any securities             
       convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock;    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another,  
       in whole or in part, any of the economic                             
  •    consequences of ownership of the common stock whether any such       
       transaction described above is to be settled by delivery of Class A  
       common stock or such other securities, in cash, or otherwise; or     
                                                                            
                                                                    
  •    publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing.  
                                                                    
In addition, we and each such person agrees that, without the prior written
consent of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC on behalf
of the underwriters and subject to certain exceptions, we or such other
person will not, during the lock-up period, make any demand for, or exercise
any right with respect to, the registration of any shares of common stock or
any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common
stock. 197

First Trading Day Release The terms of the lock-upagreements release 15% of
the shares of common stock (including shares issuable upon exercise of
vested options) held as of the date of this prospectus by current and former
employees (as such term is defined for purposes of Form S-8), but excluding
current executive officers and directors, subject to the lock-upagreements
at the commencement of trading on the first trading day on which our Class A
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Earnings-Related
Release The terms of the lock-upagreements release 20% of the shares held as
of the date of this prospectus (and including shares issuable upon the
exercise of options that are scheduled to be vested as of the date that is
90 days thereafter provided, however, the lock-upsignatory continues to be a
service provider to us through such date) subject to the lock-upagreements
at the commencement of trading on the second trading day after we announce
earnings for our second quarter of 2021. The Earnings-Related Release will
not occur unless we have announced earnings, either through a major news
service or on a Form 8-K,at least five trading days in advance of the date
of such earnings announcement. This Earnings-Related Release will not apply
to shares owned by any limited liability company, partnership, corporation,
trust or other entity (including, without limitation, any investment fund),
unless all of the equity interests and other economic interests in such
entity are owned exclusively by the lock-upsignatory and immediate family
members of such lock-upsignatory. Blackout-Related Release To the extent not
released on the First Trading Day Release or Earnings-Related Release
described above, pursuant to the lock-upagreements, if (i) at least 120 days
have elapsed since the date of this prospectus, and (ii) the lock-upperiod
is scheduled to end during or within five trading days prior to a regularly-
scheduled blackout period under our insider trading policy, the lock-
upperiod will end 10 trading days prior to the commencement of such blackout
period; provided that in the event the lock-upperiod will end during such
period, we will notify Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities
LLC of the date of the impending Blackout-Related Release promptly upon our
determination of the date of the Blackout-Related Release and in any event
at least seven trading days in advance of the date of the Blackout-Related
Release, and will announce the date of the expected Blackout-Related Release
through a major news service, or on a Form 8-K,at least two trading days in
advance of the Blackout-Related Release. Final Lock-UpExpiration Beginning
181 days after the date of this prospectus, the remainder of the shares of
our Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon conversion of Class B common stock) will become eligible for sale in
the public market. The restrictions described above do not apply in certain
cases, including:
                                                                            
         to transactions relating to shares of Class A common stock or      
         other securities acquired from the underwriters in                 
         this offering or in open market transactions after the completion  
  (i)    of this offering, provided that no filing under Section 16(a) of   
         the Exchange Act or other public announcement is required or       
         voluntarily made during the lock-up period in connection with      
         subsequent sales of Class A common stock or other securities       
         acquired in this offering or in such open market transactions;     
                                                                            
                                                                            
          to transfers of shares of common stock or any security            
  (ii)    convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock  
          (1) upon death or by will, testamentary document or intestate     
                                                                            
198
                                                                            
  succession, (2) as a bona fide gift, charitable contribution or for bona  
  fide estate planning purposes, (3) to an immediate family member of the   
  lock-up signatory or to any trust for the direct or indirect benefit of   
  the lock-up signatory or the immediate family of the                      
  lock-up signatory, or (4) if the lock-up signatory is a trust, to a       
  trustor or beneficiary of the trust or to the estate of a beneficiary of  
  such trust;                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
         if the lock-up signatory is a corporation, partnership, limited    
         liability                                                          
         company, trust or other business entity, to (1) distributions of   
         shares of common stock or any security convertible into or         
         exercisable or exchangeable for common stock to its partners       
         (general or limited), members, managers, stockholders or           
         holders of similar equity interests in the lock-up signatory (or   
         in each case, its nominee or custodian), or (2) transfers of       
  (iii)  shares of common stock or any security convertible into or         
         exercisable or                                                     
         exchangeable for common stock to another corporation,              
         partnership, limited liability company, trust, or other business   
         entity (or in each case, its nominee or custodian) that is an      
         affiliate (as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the            
         Securities                                                         
         Act) of the lock-up signatory, or to any investment fund or other  
         entity controlled or managed by the lock-up signatory;             
                                                                            
                                                                            
        to transfers of common stock or any security convertible into or    
        exercisable or exchangeable for common stock that                   
        occurs by operation of law pursuant to a qualified domestic order   
        or in connection with a divorce settlement; provided that any       
  (iv)  filing required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act will clearly   
        indicate in the footnotes thereto that such                         
        transfer is being made pursuant to the circumstances described in   
        this clause (iv); provided further that no other public             
        announcement or filing is required or voluntarily made during the   
        lock-up period;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
         to (1) the receipt by the lock-up signatory from us of shares of   
         common                                                             
         stock upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of options,         
         restricted stock units or other equity awards granted under an     
         equity incentive plan or other equity award arrangement described  
         in this prospectus, or the exercise or conversion of               
         warrants, convertible securities or other shares of convertible    
         capital stock, or (2) transfers of shares of common stock or any   
         security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for       
         common stock upon a vesting or settlement event or                 
         upon the exercise of options, restricted stock units, warrants or  
         other rights, on a “net exercise” or “cashless” basis, in each     
         case, equity awards or warrants, and only in an amount necessary   
         to cover the applicable exercise                                   
         price or tax withholding obligations, including estimated taxes,   
         of the lock-up signatory in connection with the vesting, to the    
         extent permitted by the instruments representing such securities,  
         options,                                                           
         restricted stock units or warrants (and any transfer necessary in  
         respect of such amount needed for the payment of taxes, including  
         estimated taxes, due as a result of such vesting, settlement or    
  (v)    exercise whether by means of a “net                                
         settlement” or otherwise) so long as such “cashless” exercise or   
         “net exercise” is effected solely by the surrender of outstanding  
         securities, options, restricted stock units or warrants (or the    
         common stock issuable upon                                         
         the exercise thereof) to us or our cancellation of all or a        
         portion thereof to pay the exercise price and/or withholding tax   
         and remittance obligations; provided that, (A) in the case of      
         either (1) or (2), any shares of common stock                      
         received upon exercise, vesting or settlement of the security,     
         option, restricted stock unit or warrant are subject to the terms  
         of the lock-up agreements and (B) that in the case of either (1)   
         or                                                                 
         (2), no filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act or other    
         public announcement or filing will be required or will be          
         voluntarily made within 60 days after the date of this             
         prospectus, and after such 60th day, any filing under              
         Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the lock-up period will   
         clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that (i) such transfer   
         relates to the circumstances described in this clause (v) and      
         (ii) no shares were sold by the reporting person; and (3) the      
         shares of common stock received upon such vesting, settlement or   
         exercise are subject to the terms of the lock-up agreements;       
                                                                            
                                                                            
        to transfers to us of shares of common stock or any security        
  (vi)  convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for                 
        common stock in connection with the repurchase by us from the       
        lock-up                                                             
                                                                            
199
                                                                            
  signatory of shares of common stock or any security convertible into or   
  exercisable or exchangeable for common stock at the lower of cost or      
  fair market value pursuant to a repurchase right                          
  arising in connection with the termination of the lock-up signatory’s     
  employment with or provision of services to us; provided that any public  
  announcement or filing under Section 16(a) of the                         
  Exchange Act will clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that such     
  transfer is being made pursuant to the circumstances described in this    
  clause (vi);                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
         to transfers of shares of common stock or any security             
         convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common         
         stock in connection with a bona fide third-party tender offer,     
         merger, consolidation or other similar transaction after the       
  (vii)  offering that is approved by our board of directors and made to    
         all holders of common stock; provided that in the event the        
         transaction is not completed, the common stock or securities       
         convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock   
         held by the lock-up signatory will remain subject to the lock-up   
         agreements;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
          to (1) the conversion of outstanding preferred stock into shares  
          of common stock in connection with the consummation               
          of this offering or (2) any conversion, reclassification,         
          exchange or swap of preferred stock or common stock as described  
          herein, provided that (A) such shares of common stock received    
  (viii)  upon conversion, reclassification, exchange or swap               
          will remain subject to the terms of the lock-up agreements and    
          (B) any filing required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act      
          will clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that such          
          transfer is being                                                 
          made pursuant to the circumstances described in this clause       
          (viii);                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
          to the establishment of a trading plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1    
          under the                                                         
          Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of common stock provided  
          that (1) such 10b5-1 plan does not provide for the transfer of    
          common stock during the lock-up                                   
  (ix)    period and (2) to the extent a public announcement or filing      
          under the Exchange Act, if any, is required of or voluntarily     
          made by or on behalf of the lock-up signatory or us regarding     
          the establishment                                                 
          of such 10b5-1 plan, such announcement or filing will include a   
          statement to the effect that no transfer of common stock may be   
          made under such 10b5-1 plan during the lock-up period;            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (x)    to the sales of shares of common stock pursuant to the             
         underwriting agreement; or                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
        provided that (A) in the case of any transfer or distribution       
        pursuant to clauses (ii)-(iv), each donee,                          
        distributee, transferee or acquirer will sign and deliver a         
        lock-up agreement and (B) in the case of any transfer or            
        distribution pursuant to clauses (ii)-(iii), (1) no filing under    
  (xi)  Section 16(a) of                                                    
        the Exchange Act or other public announcement, reporting a          
        reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of common stock, will   
        be required or will be voluntarily made during the lock-up period   
        and (2) such                                                        
        transfer or disposition will not involve a disposition for value.   
                                                                            
The lockup restrictions described above do not apply to us with respect to
certain transactions including (i) the sale of shares of Class A common
stock to the underwriters pursuant to the underwriting agreement, (ii) the
issuance by us of shares of common stock upon the exercise of an option or
warrant or the conversion of a security, in each case outstanding on or
prior to the execution of the underwriting agreement and described in this
prospectus, (iii) grants of equity awards and the issuance of securities
(whether upon the exercise of stock options or otherwise) to our employees,
officers, directors, advisors, or consultants pursuant to the terms of an
employee benefit plan in effect as of the execution of the underwriting
agreement and described in this prospectus, provided that any recipient of
such common stock pursuant to this clause (iii) will enter into a lock-up
agreement substantially in the form described above, (iv) the filing by us
with the SEC of a registration statement on Form S-8 relating to the
issuance, vesting, exercise, or settlement of equity awards granted or to be
granted pursuant to any of our employee benefit plans in effect on or prior
to the execution of the underwriting agreement and disclosed in this
prospectus, (v) the establishment of a trading plan on 200

behalf of our stockholders, officers, or directors pursuant to Rule 10b5-1
under the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of common stock, provided
that (a) such plan does not
provide for the transfer of common stock during the lock-up period and (b)
to the extent a public announcement or filing under the Exchange Act, if
any, is required of or voluntarily made by us regarding the establishment of
such plan, such
announcement or filing shall include a statement to the effect that no
transfer of common stock may be made under such plan during the lock-up
period, or (vi) the sale or issuance of or entry into an agreement to sell
or issue, common stock or
any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common
stock in connection with one or more mergers; acquisition of securities,
businesses, property or other assets, products or technologies; joint
ventures; commercial
relationships or other strategic corporate transactions or alliances,
provided that the aggregate number of shares of common stock or any
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock
(on an as-converted, as-exercised,
or as-exchanged basis) that we may sell or issue pursuant to this clause
(vi) shall not exceed 10% of the aggregate number of shares of our common
stock issued and outstanding immediately following the completion of this
offering determined on
a fully-diluted basis. The limitation in clause (vi) will not apply to
shares of common stock and securities convertible into common stock to be
issued by us in connection with our acquisition of Adjust; provided that the
number of shares of
common stock issued thereunder will not exceed the quotient of $352.0
million and the preceding 15-day volume weighted average price per share of
our Class A common stock measured as of the thirtieth (30) trading day
following the first
date our Class A common stock is traded on a national stock exchange.

Electronic Distribution

A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on websites
maintained by one or more underwriters, or selling group members, if
any, participating in this offering. The representatives may agree to
allocate a number of shares of Class A common stock to underwriters for sale
to their online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions will be
allocated by the
representatives to underwriters that may make internet distributions on the
same basis as other allocations.

In order to facilitate
the offering of the Class A common stock, the underwriters may engage in
transactions that stabilize, maintain, or otherwise affect the price of the
Class A common stock. Specifically, the underwriters may sell more shares
than they are obligated to
purchase under the underwriting agreement, creating a short position. A
short sale is covered if the short position is no greater than the number of
shares available for purchase by the underwriters under the over-allotment
option. The underwriters
can close out a covered short sale by exercising the over-allotment option
or purchasing shares in the open market. In determining the source of shares
to close out a covered short sale, the underwriters will consider, among
other things, the open
market price of shares compared to the price available under the over-
allotment option. The underwriters may also sell shares in excess of the
over-allotment option, creating a naked short position. The underwriters
must close out any naked short
position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short position is
more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may
be downward pressure on the price of the Class A common stock in the open
market after pricing
that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering. As an
additional means of facilitating this offering, the underwriters may bid
for, and purchase, shares of Class A common stock in the open market to
stabilize the price of the
Class A common stock. These activities may raise or maintain the market
price of the Class A common stock above independent market levels or prevent
or retard a decline in the market price of the Class A common stock. The
underwriters are not
required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities
at any time.

We, the selling stockholder, and the
underwriters will agree to indemnify each other against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act.

201

A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on websites
maintained by one
or more underwriters, or selling group members, if any, participating in
this offering. The representatives may agree to allocate a number of shares
of Class A common stock to underwriters for sale to their online brokerage
account holders. Internet
distributions will be allocated by the representatives to underwriters that
may make internet distributions on the same basis as other allocations.

Conflicts of Interest

KKR Denali Holdings, L.P., an affiliate of KKR Capital Markets LLC, owns
more than 10% of our outstanding common
stock and is a party to the Voting Agreement and the Director Nominations
Agreement. KKR Denali Holdings, L.P. is also the selling stockholder in this
offering. In addition, we intend to use approximately $400.0 million of the
net proceeds from
this offering to repay the entire outstanding amount under our revolving
credit facility, under which an affiliate of KKR Capital Markets LLC is a
lender. Because KKR Capital Markets LLC is an underwriter for this offering,
it is deemed to have a
“conflict of interest” within the meaning of FINRA Rule 5121(f)(5).
Accordingly, this offering is being made in compliance with the requirements
of FINRA Rule 5121. Since KKR Capital Markets LLC is not primarily
responsible for managing
this offering, pursuant to FINRA Rule 5121, the appointment of a qualified
independent underwriter is not necessary. KKR Capital Markets LLC will not
confirm sales to discretionary accounts without the prior written approval
of the account holder.

Other Relationships

The
underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial
institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities
trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment
management, investment
research, principal investment, hedging, financing, and brokerage
activities. Certain of the underwriters and their respective affiliates
have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various
financial advisory and investment
banking services for us, for which they received or will receive customary
fees and expenses. See the sections titled and “Certain Relationships and
Related Party Transactions” and “Description of Certain Indebtedness” for
additional information.

In addition, in the ordinary course of their various business activities,
the underwriters and their
respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities)
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and
for the accounts of their
customers and may at any time hold long and short positions in such
securities and instruments. Such investment and securities activities may
involve our securities and instruments. The underwriters and their
respective affiliates may also make
investment recommendations or publish or express independent research views
in respect of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or
recommend to clients that they acquire, long or short positions in such
securities and instruments.

Directed Share Program

At our
request, the underwriters have reserved up to 5% of the shares offered by
this prospectus for sale at the initial public offering price through a
directed share program available to directors, officers, certain employees,
and their friends and
family members, as well as certain of our partners and clients. The number
of shares of Class A common stock available for sale to the general public
will be reduced to the extent that such persons purchase such reserved
shares. Any reserved shares
not so purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public
on the same basis as the other shares offered by this prospectus.
Additionally, except in the case of shares purchased by any director or
officer, shares purchased through
the directed share program will not be subject to a lock-up restriction.
Other than the underwriting discount described on the front cover of this
prospectus, the underwriters will not be entitled to any commission with
respect to shares of Class A
common stock

202

sold pursuant to the directed share program. We will agree to indemnify the
underwriters against certain liabilities and expenses, including liabilities
under the Securities Act, in connection with sales of the shares reserved
for the directed share program. The sales will be administered by Morgan
Stanley & Co. LLC, an underwriter in this offering, except for sales to
certain Canadian participants, which will be administered by Canaccord
Genuity LLC as a dealer for such participants. Pricing of the Offering Prior
to this offering, there has been no public market for our Class A common
stock. The initial public offering price will be determined by negotiations
among us, the selling stockholder, and the representatives. Among the
factors to be considered in determining the initial public offering price
are our future prospects and those of our industry in general, our sales,
earnings, and certain other financial and operating information in recent
periods, and the price-earnings ratios, price-sales ratios, market prices of
securities, and certain financial and operating information of companies
engaged in activities similar to ours. Selling Restrictions European
Economic Area In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area
and the United Kingdom (each, a Relevant State), no securities have been
offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the public in that
Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the
Class A common stock which has been approved by the competent authority in
that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that offers of the Class A
common stock may be made to the public in that Relevant State at any time
under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation:
                                                                            
  (a)  to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under   
       the Prospectus Regulation;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified     
  (b)  investors as defined under the Prospectus                            
       Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the           
       representatives; or                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (c)  in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the        
       Prospectus Regulation,                                               
                                                                            
provided that no such offer of shares shall require us or any of our
representatives to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of
the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the
expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any shares in any
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase any shares, and
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as
amended). United Kingdom Each underwriter has represented and agreed that:
                                                                            
       it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only  
       communicate or cause to be communicated an                           
       invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within    
  (a)  the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act  
       2000 (FSMA)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of  
       the shares of Class A common stock in                                
       circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to   
       us; and                                                              
                                                                            
203
                                                                            
       it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of    
  (b)  the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in                      
       relation to the shares of Class A common stock in, from or           
       otherwise involving the United Kingdom.                              
                                                                            
Japan No registration pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended)
(FIEL) has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the
application for the acquisition of the shares of Class A common stock.
Accordingly, the shares of Class A common stock have not been, directly or
indirectly, offered or sold and will not be, directly or indirectly, offered
or sold in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any
corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to others
for re-offeringor re-sale,directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the
benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the
registration requirements, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and
the other applicable laws and regulations of Japan. For Qualified
Institutional Investors (QII) Please note that the solicitation for newly-
issued or secondary securities (each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4
of the FIEL) in relation to the shares of Class A common stock constitutes
either a “QII only private placement” or a “QII only secondary distribution”
(each as described in Paragraph 1, Article 23-13of the FIEL). Disclosure
regarding any such solicitation, as is otherwise prescribed in Paragraph 1,
Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been made in relation to the shares of Class
A common stock. The shares of Class A common stock may only be transferred
to QIIs. For Non-QIIInvestors Please note that the solicitation for newly-
issued or secondary securities (each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4
of the FIEL) in relation to the shares of Class A common stock constitutes
either a “small number private placement” or a “small number private
secondary distribution” (each as is described in Paragraph 4, Article
23-13of the FIEL). Disclosure regarding any such solicitation, as is
otherwise prescribed in Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been
made in relation to the shares of Class A common stock. The shares of Class
A common stock may only be transferred en bloc without subdivision to a
single investor. Canada The shares of Class A common stock may be sold only
to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are
accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106Prospectus
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are
permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103Registration
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of
the shares of Class A common stock must be made in accordance with an
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus
requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in
certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with
remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any
amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies
for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time
limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province
or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for
particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 204

Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105Underwriting Conflicts
(NI 33-105),the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure
requirements of NI 33-105regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in
connection with this offering. Switzerland The shares of Class A common
stock may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on
the SIX Swiss Exchange (SIX) or on any other stock exchange or regulated
trading facility in Switzerland. This document does not constitute a
prospectus within the meaning of, and has been prepared without regard to
the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art.
1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for
listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the
listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in
Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing
material relating to the shares of Class A common stock or the offering may
be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating
to the offering, us, or the shares of Class A common stock have been or will
be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular,
this document will not be filed with, and the offer of the shares of Class A
common stock will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market
Supervisory Authority FINMA, and the offer of the shares of Class A common
stock has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on
Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). The investor protection afforded to
acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does
not extend to acquirers of the shares of Class A common stock. Australia
This prospectus:
                                                                            
       does not constitute a disclosure document or a prospectus under      
  •    Chapter 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the                 
       Corporations Act);                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       has not been, and will not be, lodged with the Australian            
       Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), as a disclosure        
  •    document for the purposes of the Corporations Act and does not       
       purport to include the information required of a disclosure          
       document for the purposes of the Corporations Act; and               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       may only be provided in Australia to select investors who are able   
  •    to demonstrate that they fall within one or more of                  
       the categories of investors, available under section 708 of the      
       Corporations Act (Exempt Investors).                                 
                                                                            
The shares of Class A common stock may not be directly or indirectly offered
for subscription or purchased or sold, and no invitations to subscribe for
or buy the shares of Class A common stock may be issued, and no draft or
definitive offering memorandum, advertisement, or other offering material
relating to any shares of Class A common stock may be distributed in
Australia, except where disclosure to investors is not required under
Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act or is otherwise in compliance with all
applicable Australian laws and regulations. By submitting an application for
the shares of Class A common stock, you represent and warrant to us that you
are an Exempt Investor. As any offer of shares of Class A common stock under
this document will be made without disclosure in Australia under Chapter
6D.2 of the Corporations Act, the offer of those securities for resale in
Australia within 12 months may, under section 707 of the Corporations Act,
require disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D.2 if none of the exemptions
in section 708 applies to that resale. By 205

applying for the shares of Class A common stock you undertake to us that you
will not, for a period of 12 months from the date of issue of the shares of
Class A common stock, offer, transfer, assign, or otherwise alienate those
shares of Class A common stock to investors in Australia except in
circumstances where disclosure to investors is not required under Chapter
6D.2 of the Corporations Act or where a compliant disclosure document is
prepared and lodged with ASIC. Hong Kong The shares of Class A common stock
have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong,
by means of any document, other than (a) to “professional investors” as
defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of
Hong Kong) (SFO) of Hong Kong and any rules made thereunder; or (b) in other
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as
defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong) (CO) or which do not constitute an offer to the
public within the meaning of the CO. No advertisement, invitation, or
document relating to the shares of Class A common stock has been or may be
issued or has been or may be in the possession of any person for the
purposes of issuance, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed
at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the
public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws
of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the shares of Class A common stock
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong
Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules
made thereunder. Singapore Each representative has acknowledged that this
prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each representative has represented and
agreed that it has not offered or sold any shares of Class A common stock or
caused the shares of Class A common stock to be made the subject of an
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any
shares of Class A common stock or cause the shares of Class A common stock
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this
prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the shares of Class A
common stock, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore
other than:
                                                                            
       to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the        
  (a)  Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of                          
       Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)        
       pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA)       
  (b)  pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any                        
       person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance     
       with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (c)  otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of,     
       any other applicable provision of the SFA.                           
                                                                            
Where the shares of Class A common stock are subscribed or purchased under
Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
                                                                            
       a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in    
       Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of                         
  (d)  which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which   
       is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited   
       investor; or                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose      
  (e)  sole purpose is to hold investments and each                         
       beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited       
       investor,                                                            
                                                                            
206

securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined
in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights
and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the
shares of Class A common stock pursuant to an offer made under Section 275
of the SFA except:
                                                                            
       to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any      
  (i)  person arising from an offer referred to in                          
       Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;                  
                                                                            
                                                                      
  (ii)  where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
                                                                      
                                                     
  (iii)  where the transfer is by operation of law;  
                                                     
                                                       
  (iv)  as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
                                                       
                                                                            
       as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures         
  (v)  (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based             
       Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.                             
                                                                            
Solely for purposes of the notification requirements under Section
309B(1)(c) of the SFA, Chapter 289 of Singapore, the shares are “prescribed
capital markets products” (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital
Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:Notice on the Sale of Investment Products
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Noticeon Recommendations on Investment Products).
China This prospectus will not be circulated or distributed in the People’s
Republic of China (PRC) and the shares of Class A common stock will not be
offered or sold, and will not be offered or sold to any person for re-
offeringor resale directly or indirectly to any residents of the PRC except
pursuant to any applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. Neither this
prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be
distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will
result in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Korea The shares
of Class A common stock have not been and will not be registered under the
Financial Investments Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea and the
decrees and regulations thereunder (FSCMA) and the shares of Class A common
stock have been and will be offered in Korea as a private placement under
the FSCMA. None of the shares of Class A common stock may be offered, sold
or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for
re-offeringor resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of
Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea,
including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and
the decrees and regulations thereunder (FETL). The shares of Class A common
stock have not been listed on any securities exchange in the world
including, without limitation, the Korea Exchange in Korea. Furthermore, the
purchaser of the shares of Class A common stock shall comply with all
applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to
requirements under the FETL) in connection with the purchase of the shares
of Class A common stock. By the purchase of the shares of Class A common
stock, the relevant holder thereof will be deemed to represent and warrant
that if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased the shares of
Class A common stock pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of
Korea. Malaysia No prospectus or other offering material or document in
connection with the offer and sale of the shares of Class A common stock has
been or will be registered with the Securities Commission of 207

Malaysia (as used in this paragraph, the Commission) for the Commission’s
approval pursuant to the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007. Accordingly,
this prospectus and any other document
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for
subscription or purchase, of the shares of Class A common stock may not be
circulated or distributed, nor may the shares of Class A common stock be
offered or sold, or be made the
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or
indirectly, to persons in Malaysia other than (i) a closed end fund approved
by the Commission; (ii) a holder of a Capital Markets Services Licence;
(iii) a
person who acquires the shares of Class A common stock, as principal, if the
offer is on terms that the shares of Class A common stock may only be
acquired at a consideration of not less than RM250,000 (or its equivalent in
foreign currencies) for
each transaction; (iv) an individual whose total net personal assets or
total net joint assets with his or her spouse exceeds RM3 million (or its
equivalent in foreign currencies), excluding the value of the primary
residence of the
individual; (v) an individual who has a gross annual income exceeding
RM300,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies) per annum in the
preceding twelve months; (vi) an individual who, jointly with his or her
spouse, has a gross annual
income of RM400,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currencies), per annum in
the preceding twelve months; (vii) a corporation with total net assets
exceeding RM10 million (or its equivalent in a foreign currencies) based on
the last audited
accounts; (viii) a partnership with total net assets exceeding RM10 million
(or its equivalent in foreign currencies); (ix) a bank licensee or insurance
licensee as defined in the Labuan Financial Services and Securities Act
2010; (x) an
Islamic bank licensee or takaful licensee as defined in the Labuan Financial
Services and Securities Act 2010; and (xi) any other person as may be
specified by the Commission; provided that, in the each of the preceding
categories (i) to
(xi), the distribution of the shares of Class A common stock is made by a
holder of a Capital Markets Services Licence who carries on the business of
dealing in securities. The distribution in Malaysia of this prospectus is
subject to Malaysian
laws. This prospectus does not constitute and may not be used for the
purpose of public offering or an issue, offer for subscription or purchase,
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities requiring the
registration of a prospectus with
the Commission under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007.

Taiwan

The shares of Class A common stock have not been and will not be registered
with the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan pursuant
to relevant securities laws and regulations and may not be sold, issued, or
offered within Taiwan through a public offering or in circumstances which
constitutes an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act
of Taiwan that requires
a registration or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of
Taiwan. No person or entity in Taiwan has been authorized to offer, sell,
give advice regarding, or otherwise intermediate the offering and sale of
the shares of Class A common
stock in Taiwan.

Saudi Arabia

This prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except
to such persons as are permitted under the Offers of
Securities Regulations as issued by the board of the Saudi Arabian Capital
Market Authority (the CMA) pursuant to resolution number 2-11-2004 dated 4
October 2004
as amended by resolution number 1-28-2008, as amended (the CMA Regulations).
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness
of this
prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss
arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this prospectus.
Prospective purchasers of the shares of Class A common stock offered hereby
should conduct their own
due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the shares of
Class A common stock. If you do not understand the contents of this
prospectus, you should consult an authorized financial adviser.

208

Dubai International Financial Centre

This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Markets
Rules 2012 of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the
DFSA). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a
type specified in the Markets Rules 2012 of the DFSA. It must not be
delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no
responsibility for reviewing or verifying
any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved
this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein
and has no responsibility for this prospectus. The securities to which this
prospectus relates may
be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective
purchasers of the shares of Class A common stock offered should conduct
their own due diligence on the Class A common stock. If you do not
understand the contents of this
prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor.

In relation to its use in the DIFC, this prospectus is strictly
private and confidential and is being distributed to a limited number of
investors and must not be provided to any person other than the original
recipient, and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. The
interests in the shares of
Class A common stock may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to
the public in the DIFC.

United Arab Emirates

The shares of Class A common stock have not been, and are not being,
publicly offered, sold, promoted, or advertised in the United Arab
Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) other than in
compliance with the laws of the United Arab Emirates (and the Dubai
International Financial Centre) governing the issue, offering, and sale of
securities. Further, this
prospectus does not constitute a public offer of securities in the United
Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) and is
not intended to be a public offer. This prospectus has not been approved by
or filed with the Central
Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Securities and Commodities Authority,
or the Dubai Financial Services Authority.

Bermuda

Shares of Class A common stock may be offered or sold in Bermuda only in
compliance with the provisions of the Investment Business Act of
2003 of Bermuda which regulates the sale of securities in Bermuda.
Additionally, non-Bermudian persons (including companies) may not carry on
or engage in any trade or business in Bermuda unless such persons
are permitted to do so under applicable Bermuda legislation.

British Virgin Islands

The shares of Class A common stock are not being, and may not be offered to
the public or to any person in the British Virgin Islands for
purchase or subscription by or on behalf of us. The shares of Class A common
stock may be offered to companies incorporated under the BVI Business
Companies Act, 2004 (British Virgin Islands), BVI Companies, but only where
the offer will be made to,
and received by, the relevant BVI Company entirely outside of the British
Virgin Islands.

South Africa

Due to restrictions under the securities laws of South Africa, no “offer to
the public” (as such term is defined in the
South African Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 (as amended or re-enacted) (the
South African Companies Act)) is being made in connection with the issue of
the shares of Class A common stock in South Africa.
Accordingly, this document does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a
“registered prospectus” (as that term is defined in the South African
Companies Act) prepared and registered

209

under the South African Companies Act and has not been approved by, and/or
filed with, the South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission
or any other regulatory authority in South Africa. The shares of Class A
common stock are not offered, and the offer shall not be transferred, sold,
renounced, or delivered, in South Africa or to a person with an address in
South Africa, unless one or other of the following exemptions stipulated in
section 96 (1) applies:
                                                                      
  (i)    the offer, transfer, sale, renunciation, or delivery is to:  
                                                                      
                                                                            
  (a)  persons whose ordinary business, or part of whose ordinary           
       business, is to deal in securities, as principal or agent;           
                                                                            
                                                         
  (b)  the South African Public Investment Corporation;  
                                                         
                                                                           
  (c)  persons or entities regulated by the Reserve Bank of South Africa;  
                                                                           
                                                                        
  (d)  authorised financial service providers under South African law;  
                                                                        
                                                                           
  (e)  financial institutions recognised as such under South African law;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       a wholly-owned subsidiary of any person or entity contemplated in    
       (c), (d) or (e), acting as agent in the capacity of                  
  (f)  an authorised portfolio manager for a pension fund, or as manager    
       for a collective investment scheme (in each case duly registered as  
       such under South African law); or                                    
                                                                            
                                                        
  (g)  any combination of the person in (a) to (f); or  
                                                        
                                                                            
          the total contemplated acquisition cost of the securities, for    
          any single addressee acting as principal is equal to or           
  (ii)    greater than ZAR1,000,000 or such higher amount as may be         
          promulgated by notice in the Government Gazette of South Africa   
          pursuant to section 96(2)(a) of the South African Companies Act.  
                                                                            
Information made available in this prospectus should not be considered as “
advice” as defined in the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary
Services Act, 2002. Chile These shares of Class A common stock are privately
offered in Chile pursuant to the provisions of law 18,045, the Securities
Market Law of Chile, and Norma de Carácter General No. 336 (Rule 336), dated
June 27, 2012, issued by the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile
(the SVS), the securities regulator of Chile, to resident qualified
investors that are listed in Rule 336 and further defined in rule 216 of
June 12, 2008 issued by the SVS. Pursuant to Rule 336 the following
information is provided in Chile to prospective resident investors in the
offered securities:
                                              
  1.    The initiation of the offer in Chile  
        is                ,                .  
                                              
                                                                            
        The offer is subject to NCG 336 of June 27, 2012 issued by the      
        Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile                      
  2.    (Superintendency of Securities and Insurance of Chile).             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
        The offer refers to securities that are not registered in the       
  3.    Registro de Valores (securities registry) or the Registro           
        de Valores Extranjeros (foreign securities registry) of the SVS     
        and therefore:                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                       
  a.  The securities are not subject to the oversight of the SVS; and  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  b.  There issuer thereof is not subject to reporting obligation with      
      respect to itself or the offered securities.                          
                                                                            
210
                                                                            
        The securities may not be publicly offered in Chile unless and      
  4.    until they are registered in the Securities Registry of             
        the SVS.                                                            
                                                                            
Brazil No securities may be offered or sold in Brazil, except in
circumstances that do not constitute a public offering or unauthorized
distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. The shares of Class A
common stock have not been, and will not be, registered with the Comissão de
Valores Mobiliários. 211

LEGAL MATTERS

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., Palo Alto, California, which has
acted as our counsel in connection with this offering,
will pass upon the validity of the shares of our Class A common stock being
offered by this prospectus. The underwriters have been represented by
Fenwick & West LLP, Mountain View, California. An investment fund associated
with
Fenwick & West LLP owns less than 1% of our outstanding capital stock as of
December 31, 2020.

EXPERTS

The financial statements of Applovin Corporation and subsidiaries included
in this Prospectus have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as
stated in their report appearing herein. Such financial statements are
included in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority
as experts in
accounting and auditing.

The consolidated financial statements of Machine Zone, Inc. as of December
31, 2018 and 2019 and
for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2019, have
been included herein and in the registration statement in reliance upon the
report of KPMG LLP (KPMG), independent auditors, appearing elsewhere herein
and upon the
authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

Applovin has agreed to indemnify and hold KPMG harmless against and
from any and all legal costs and expenses incurred by KPMG in successful
defense of any legal action or proceeding that arises as a result of KPMG’s
consent to the inclusion of its audit report on Machine Zone, Inc.’s past
financial
statements included in this registration statement.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We have submitted with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under
the Securities Act
with respect to the shares of our Class A common stock offered by this
prospectus. This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration
statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the
registration statement, some of
which is contained in exhibits to the registration statement as permitted by
the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information with respect
to us and our Class A common stock, we refer you to the registration
statement, including the
exhibits filed as a part of the registration statement. Statements contained
in this prospectus concerning the contents of any contract or any other
document are not necessarily complete. If a contract or document has been
filed as an exhibit to the
registration statement, please see the copy of the contract or document that
has been filed. Each statement in this prospectus relating to a contract or
document filed as an exhibit is qualified in all respects by the filed
exhibit. The SEC
maintains an internet website that contains reports, proxy statements, and
other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the
SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov.

As a result of this offering, we will become subject to the information and
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in
accordance with this law, will file periodic reports, proxy statements, and
other information with the SEC. We also maintain a website at
www.applovin.com. Upon completion of this offering, you may access these
materials free of charge as soon as
reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or
furnished to, the SEC. Information contained on our website is not a part of
this prospectus and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus
is an inactive textual
reference only.

212

APPLOVIN CORPORATION INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            
  Applovin Corporation and Subsidiaries                                     
  Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the Years Ended           
  December 31, 2019 and 2020                                         Page   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting                 F-2    
  Firm                                                                      
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets                   F-3    
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-4    
  Operations                                                                
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-5    
  Comprehensive Income (Loss)                                               
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Redeemable                
  Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders’                          F-6    
  Deficit                                                                   
  Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of                    F-8    
  Cash Flows                                                                
  Applovin Corporation Notes to Consolidated                         F-9    
  Financial Statements                                                      
  Machine Zone, Inc. and Subsidiaries                                       
  Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of               
  March 31, 2020 and for the Three Months                                   
  Ended March 31, 2019 and 2020                                             
  Machine Zone, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance                  F-50   
  Sheets                                                                    
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements            
  of                                                                 F-51   
  Operations                                                                
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed                             F-52   
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit                          
  Machine Zone, Inc. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements            
  of Cash                                                            F-53   
  Flows                                                                     
  Machine Zone, Inc. Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated              
  Financial                                                          F-54   
  Statements                                                                
  Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for                           
  the Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2019                                
  Independent Auditor’s Report                                       F-67   
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets                     F-68   
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of                      F-69   
  Operations                                                                
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of                      F-70   
  Stockholders’ Deficit                                                     
  Machine Zone, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash                 F-71   
  Flows                                                                     
  Machine Zone, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial                 F-72   
  Statements                                                                
  Applovin Corporation and Subsidiaries                                     
  Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement                          
  of Operations                                                             
  Applovin Corporation Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined               
  Statement of                                                       F-107  
  Operations                                                                
  Applovin Corporation Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma                  F-110  
  Condensed Combined Statement of Operations                                
                                                                            
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Applovin Corporation

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Applovin Corporation
and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the
related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
redeemable
noncontrolling interest and stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows, for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2020, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our
opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in
the period ended
December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The
Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the
purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California

March 2, 2021

We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2014.

F-2

Applovin Corporation Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except share
and per share data)
                                                                            
                                     December 31,          December 31,     
                                             2019                  2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                                           
  Cash and cash equivalents       $       396,247       $       317,235     
  Accounts receivable, net                161,346               296,964     
  Prepaid expenses and other                                                
  current                                  28,628                48,795     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current assets                    586,221               662,994     
  Property and equipment, net               7,901                28,587     
  Operating lease                          14,895                84,336     
  right-of-use assets                                                       
  Goodwill                                137,121               249,773     
  Intangible assets, net                  440,905             1,086,332     
  Other assets                             15,442                42,571     
  Total assets                    $     1,202,485       $     2,154,593     
  Liabilities, redeemable                                                   
  noncontrolling                                                            
  interest, and stockholders’                                               
  deficit                                                                   
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts payable                $        70,522       $       147,275     
  Accrued liabilities                      37,299                95,057     
  Licensed asset obligation                     —                18,760     
  Short-term debt                          12,210                15,210     
  Deferred revenue                          8,198                86,886     
  Operating lease liabilities               2,510                22,206     
  Deferred acquisition costs,             108,136               212,658     
  current                                                                   
  Total current liabilities               238,875               598,052     
  Non-current liabilities:                                                  
  Long-term debt                        1,168,374             1,583,990     
  Operating lease liabilities,             12,745                71,755     
  noncurrent                                                                
  Other non-current                        39,058                59,032     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total liabilities                     1,459,052             2,312,829     
  Commitments and                                                           
  contingencies (Note 5)                                                    
  Redeemable noncontrolling                     —                   309     
  interest                                                                  
  Stockholders’ deficit:                                                    
  Convertible preferred stock,                                              
  109,090,908 shares                                                        
  authorized, issued, and                 399,589               399,589     
  outstanding at December 31,                                               
  2019 and 2020; respectively                                               
  Common stock A, $0.00003 par                                              
  value—360,000,000 and                                                     
  386,400,000 shares                                                        
  authorized, 177,593,772 and                   6                     6     
  183,800,251 shares issued                                                 
  and outstanding at December                                               
  31, 2019 and 2020,                                                        
  respectively                                                              
  Common stock F, $0.00003 par                                              
  value—43,200,000 shares                                                   
  authorized, 42,564,150                        1                     1     
  shares issued and                                                         
  outstanding at December 31,                                               
  2019 and 2020, respectively                                               
  Additional paid-in capital              235,190               453,655     
  Accumulated other                                                         
  comprehensive income                     (4,140  )                604     
  (loss)                                                                    
  Accumulated deficit                    (887,213  )         (1,012,400  )  
  Total stockholders’ deficit            (256,567  )           (158,545  )  
  Total liabilities,                                                        
  redeemable                      $     1,202,485       $     2,154,593     
  noncontrolling interest, and                                              
  stockholders’ deficit                                                     
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-3

Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands,
except share and per share data)
                                                                            
                              Years ended December                          
                                               31,                          
                                              2019                 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                 $                994,104       $    1,451,086     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                          241,274              555,578     
  Sales and marketing                      481,781              627,796     
  Research and                              44,966              180,652     
  development                                                               
  General and                               31,712               66,431     
  administrative                                                            
  Lease modification                                                        
  and abandonment of                             —                7,851     
  leasehold                                                                 
  improvements                                                              
  Extinguishments of                                                        
  acquisition-related                            —               74,820     
  contingent                                                                
  consideration                                                             
  Total costs and                          799,733            1,513,128     
  expenses                                                                  
  Income (loss) from                       194,371              (62,042  )  
  operations                                                                
  Other income                                                              
  (expense):                                                                
  Interest expense                         (73,955  )           (77,873  )  
  Other income                               5,818                4,209     
  (expense), net                                                            
  Total other income                       (68,137  )           (73,664  )  
  (expense)                                                                 
  Income (loss) before                     126,234             (135,706  )  
  income taxes                                                              
  Provision for                                                             
  (benefit from)                             7,194               (9,772  )  
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net income (loss)                        119,040             (125,934  )  
  (Loss) attributable                                                       
  to noncontrolling                              —                 (747  )  
  interest                                                                  
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to                          119,040             (125,187  )  
  common                                                                    
  shareholders                                                              
  Less: Income                                                              
  attributable to                          (42,664  )                 —     
  participating                                                             
  securities                                                                
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to                           76,376             (125,187  )  
  common                                                                    
  stock—Basic                                                               
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to         $                 76,561       $     (125,187  )  
  common                                                                    
  stock—Diluted                                                             
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  per share                                                                 
  attributable                                                              
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders:                                                             
  Basic                   $                   0.36       $        (0.58  )  
  Diluted                 $                   0.36       $        (0.58  )  
  Weighted average                                                          
  common shares used                                                        
  to compute net                                                            
  income (loss) per                                                         
  share attributable                                                        
  to common                                                                 
  stockholders:                                                             
  Basic                                210,937,147          214,936,545     
  Diluted                              212,365,429          214,936,545     
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-4

Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
(In thousands)
                                                                            
                                          Years ended                       
                                         December 31,                       
                                                 2019              2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss) attributable                                            
  to common                           $       119,040       $  (125,187  )  
  stockholders                                                              
  Other comprehensive income                                                
  (loss), net                                                               
  of tax:                                                                   
                                                                            
  Foreign currency translation                    (11  )            579     
  Interest rate swap—(loss), net                                            
  of tax provision (benefit) of                (1,511  )          4,165     
  $0.4 million and $1.7 million,                                            
  respectively                                                              
  Total other comprehensive income             (1,522  )          4,744     
  (loss)                                                                    
  Total comprehensive income                                                
  (loss)                              $       117,518       $  (120,443  )  
  attributable to common                                                    
  stockholders                                                              
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-5

Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling
Interest and Stockholders’ Deficit (In thousands, except share data)
                                                                            
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       —    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       1    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       —    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       —    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-6

Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands)
                                                                            
                                 Years Ended December                       
                                                   31                       
  Operating Activities                           2019              2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)         $                 119,040       $  (125,934  )  
  Adjustments to                                                            
  reconcile net income                                                      
  (loss) to operating                                                       
  activities:                                                               
  Amortization,                                                             
  depreciation and                             92,806           254,951     
  write-offs                                                                
  Amortization of debt                                                      
  issuance costs and                            4,979             8,152     
  discount                                                                  
  Stock-based                                  10,222            62,387     
  compensation                                                              
  Change in operating                           2,602             9,333     
  right-of-use asset                                                        
  Lease modification and                                                    
  abandonment of                                    —             7,851     
  leasehold improvements                                                    
  Loss on                                                                   
  extinguishments of                                                        
  acquisition                                       —            74,820     
  related contingent                                                        
  consideration                                                             
  Gain on embedded                                  —            (5,680  )  
  derivative                                                                
  Change in the fair                                                        
  value remeasurement                               —             1,500     
  of convertible                                                            
  security                                                                  
  Change in the fair                                                        
  value of contingent                               —               442     
  consideration                                                             
  Foreign exchange                                 14             2,097     
  losses, net                                                               
  Changes in operating                                                      
  assets and                                                                
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts receivable                         (33,524  )       (113,234  )  
  Prepaid expenses and                                                      
  other current                               (19,867  )        (13,289  )  
  assets                                                                    
  Other assets                                 (1,485  )        (19,092  )  
  Accounts payable                             13,534            49,120     
  Operating lease                              (2,242  )         (8,812  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Accrued and other                             5,661             2,783     
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred revenue                              6,722            35,488     
  Net cash provided by                                                      
  operating                                   198,462           222,883     
  activities                                                                
  Investing Activities                                                      
  Purchase of property                         (3,358  )         (3,241  )  
  and equipment                                                             
  Acquisitions, net of                       (404,196  )       (674,650  )  
  cash acquired                                                             
  Purchase of                                                               
  non-marketable                               (4,000  )         (2,000  )  
  securities                                                                
  Net cash used in                           (411,554  )       (679,891  )  
  investing activities                                                      
  Financing Activities                                                      
  Proceeds from debt                                                        
  issuance, net of                            388,859           481,273     
  issuance costs                                                            
  Payments of debt                            (11,208  )        (64,295  )  
  principal                                                                 
  Payments of finance                          (5,663  )         (9,708  )  
  leases                                                                    
  Proceeds from exercise                        2,637             2,303     
  of stock options                                                          
  Proceeds from issuance                            —             9,318     
  of common stock                                                           
  Payments of deferred                        (41,454  )        (17,586  )  
  acquisition costs                                                         
  Payments of licensed                              —           (18,940  )  
  asset obligation                                                          
  Repurchases of common                           (11  )         (1,766  )  
  stock                                                                     
  Payments of deferred                              —            (2,744  )  
  IPO costs                                                                 
  Net cash provided by                                                      
  financing                                   333,160           377,855     
  activities                                                                
  Effect of exchange                                                        
  rate on changes on                               60               141     
  cash and cash                                                             
  equivalents                                                               
  Net increase                                                              
  (decrease) in cash and                      120,128           (79,012  )  
  cash                                                                      
  equivalents                                                               
  Cash and cash                                                             
  equivalents at                              276,119           396,247     
  beginning                                                                 
  of the period                                                             
  Cash and cash                                                             
  equivalents at end of     $                 396,247       $   317,235     
  the                                                                       
  period                                                                    
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-7

Applovin Corporation Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (In thousands)
                                                                            
  Supplemental non-cash                                                     
  investing and financing                                                   
  activities                         Years Ended December 31,               
  disclosures:                                           2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Issuance of convertible                                                   
  security related                $                         —    $  45,000  
  to asset acquisition                                                      
  Acquisitions of business                                                  
  through                                                                   
  issuance of common stock and    $                       192    $  38,167  
  common                                                                    
  stock warrants                                                            
  Settlement of contingent                                                  
  consideration                   $                         —    $  31,422  
  through issuance of common                                                
  stock                                                                     
  Assets acquired under           $                     3,061    $   7,475  
  finance leases                                                            
  Common stock issued in                                                    
  exchange for                    $                         —    $   1,500  
  redeemable noncontrolling                                                 
  interest                                                                  
  Deferred IPO costs not yet      $                         —    $     888  
  paid                                                                      
  Accretion of interest on                                                  
  related party                   $                        48    $     553  
  promissory notes                                                          
  Common stock warrant issued                                               
  in                              $                         —    $     433  
  connection with lease                                                     
  modification                                                              
  Repurchases of common stock                                               
  from related                    $                     9,074    $       —  
  parties financed by                                                       
  promissory notes                                                          
  Interest expense offset by                                                
  non-cash                        $                     3,549    $       —  
  financing activities                                                      
  Supplemental disclosure of                                                
  cash flow                                                                 
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for interest on       $                    62,278    $  59,360  
  debt                                                                      
  Cash paid for income taxes      $                    30,474    $  12,666  
                                                                            
See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. F-8

APPLOVIN CORPORATION

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Description of Business

Applovin Corporation (the “Company” or “Applovin” or “we”) was incorporated
in the
state of Delaware on July 18, 2011. The Company is a leader in the mobile
app industry with a focus on building a software-based platform for mobile
app developers to improve the marketing and monetization of their apps. The
Company also has a
globally diversified portfolio of apps—free-to-play mobile games that it
operates through its own or partner studios.

The Company’s operations are headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has
several operating locations in the U.S. as well as
various international office locations in North America, Asia and Europe.

In May 2020, the Company amended its restated certificate
of incorporation (“Restated Certificate of Incorporation”) to implement a
3-for-1 stock split of its common and preferred stock. The amendment also
changed the
par value in connection with the stock split and increased the number of
authorized common stock shares. All disclosures of common shares,
convertible preferred shares and per share data in the accompanying
financial statements and related notes
reflect the stock split for all periods presented.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation—The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Consolidated financial
statements reflect our accounts and operations and those of our subsidiaries
in which we have a controlling financial interest. In accordance with the
provisions of
Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810, Consolidation, we consolidate
any variable interest entity (“VIE”) of which we are the primary
beneficiary. We engage in business relationships with certain entities in
the ordinary
course of business to develop game Apps. The typical condition for a
controlling financial interest ownership is holding a majority of the voting
interests of an entity; however, a controlling financial interest may also
exist in entities, such as
VIEs, through arrangements that do not involve controlling voting interests.
ASC 810 requires a variable interest holder to consolidate a VIE if that
party has the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most
significantly impact the
VIE’s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE
that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive
benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. We
do not consolidate a
VIE in which we have a majority ownership interest when we are not
considered the primary beneficiary. We evaluate our relationships with all
VIEs on an ongoing basis. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated upon
consolidation.

Reclassification—Certain balances in previously issued consolidated
financial statements have been
reclassified to be consistent with the current period presentation. The
reclassification had no impact on total financial position, net income
(loss), or stockholder’s deficit.

Use of Estimates—The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in
the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results
could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the
Company evaluates its
estimates, including those related to fair values of intangible assets and
goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment,
expected period of consumption of virtual goods, expected life of paying
users, income and indirect
taxes, contingent liabilities, evaluation of recoverability of intangible
assets

F-9

and long-lived assets, goodwill impairment, and fair value of derivatives
and other financial instruments among others. The Company bases its
estimates on assumptions, both historical and
forward-looking, that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities.

Risk and Uncertainties—The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties as
a result of the
COVID-19 pandemic. As of the issuance date of these consolidated financial
statements, the Company’s results of operations have not been materially
impacted. However, the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic remains
uncertain as the response to the pandemic is in its incipient stages and
information is rapidly evolving. Economies worldwide have been negatively
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. A weakened global economy may negatively
impact in-app purchasing decisions and consumer buying decisions across the
globe generally, which could adversely
affect advertiser activity. The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the
global economy and the extent to which the pandemic may impact the Company’s
business, financial condition, and results of
operations in the future remains uncertain. The severity of the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business will depend on a number of
factors, including, but not limited to, the duration
and severity of the pandemic and the extent and severity of the impact on
the Company’s customers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted.
The Company’s future results of operations and liquidity could be adversely
impacted by
delays in payments of outstanding receivable amounts beyond normal payment
terms and uncertain demand.

Revenue from Contracts with Customers—The Company generates Business and
Consumer revenue. Business Revenue includes fees paid by mobile app
advertisers that use the Company’s software (“Software”), and revenue
generated from the sale of digital
advertising inventory of the Company’s apps (“Apps”). Consumer Revenue
consists of mobile in-app purchases (“IAPs”) made by users within Apps.

Business Revenue

Software provides the technology to match advertisers and third-party owners
of digital advertising inventory (“Publishers”)
via auctions at large scale and microsecond-level speeds. The pricing and
terms for all mobile advertising arrangements are governed by the Company’s
terms and conditions and generally stipulate payment terms of 30 days
subsequent to the end of
the month. The contract is fully cancellable at any time.

For Business Revenue generated through placement of advertisements on
mobile applications owned by Publishers, the Company’s performance
obligation is to provide an advertiser with access to Software which
facilitates the advertiser’s purchase of advertising inventory from
Publishers. The Company does not
control the advertising inventory prior to its transfer to the advertiser,
the Company’s customer, because the Company does not have the substantive
ability to direct the use of, nor obtain substantially all of the remaining
benefits from the
advertising inventory. The Company is not primarily responsible for
fulfillment and does not have any inventory risk. The Company is an agent as
it relates to the sale of third-party advertising inventory and presents
revenue on a net basis. The
transaction price is the product of either the number of completions of
agreed upon actions or advertisements displayed and the contractually agreed
upon price per advertising unit with the advertiser less consideration paid
or payable to
Publishers.

Advertisers also purchase Apps advertising inventory either through Software
or through third-party advertising
networks (“Ad Networks”). Revenue from the sale of advertising inventory
through Ad Networks is recognized net of the amounts retained by Ad Networks
as the Company is unable to determine the gross amount paid by the
advertisers to Ad
Networks.

F-10

The Company recognizes mobile advertising revenue when the agreed upon
action is completed or when the ad is displayed to users, depending on the
agreed upon pricing mechanism with an advertiser or Ad Network. The number
of advertisements delivered and completions of agreed upon actions is
determined at the end of each month, which resolves any uncertainty in the
transaction price during the reporting period. Consumer Revenue IAPs include
fees collected from users for the purchase of virtual goods to enhance their
gameplay experience. The identified performance obligation is to provide
users with the ability to acquire, use, and hold virtual items over the
estimated period of time the virtual items are available to the user or
until the virtual item is consumed. The Company categorizes its virtual
goods as either consumable or durable. Consumable virtual goods represent
goods that can be consumed by a specific player action in gameplay;
accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from the sale of consumable
virtual goods as the goods are consumed and the Company’s performance
obligation is satisfied. Durable virtual goods represent goods that are
accessible to the user over an extended period of time; accordingly, the
Company recognizes revenue from the sale of durable virtual goods ratably
over the period of time the goods are available to the user and the
Company’s performance obligation is satisfied, which is generally the
estimated average user life (“EAUL”). Payment is required at the time of
purchase and the purchase price is a fixed amount. Users make IAPs through
the Company’s distribution partners. The transaction price is equal to the
gross amount charged to users because the Company is the principal in the
transaction. IAPs fees are non-refundable.Such payments are initially
recorded to deferred revenue. The EAUL represents the Company’s best
estimate of the expected life of paying users for the applicable game. The
EAUL begins when a user makes a first purchase of durable virtual goods and
ends when a user is determined to be inactive. The Company determines the
EAUL on a game-by-gamebasis. For a newly launched game that has limited
playing data, the Company determines its EAUL based on the EAUL of a game
that has sufficiently similar characteristics. The Company determines the
EAUL on a quarterly basis and applies such calculated EAUL to all bookings
in the respective quarter. Determining the EAUL is subjective and requires
management’s judgment. Future playing patterns may differ from historical
playing patterns, and therefore the EAUL may change in the future. The EAULs
are generally between six and nine months. The Company presents taxes
collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities on a net
basis. Disaggregation of Revenue The following table present revenue
disaggregated by type (in thousands):
                                                       
                           Year Ended                  
                         December 31,                  
                                 2019            2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Business Revenue    $       595,948    $    711,152  
  Consumer Revenue            398,156         739,934  
  Total Revenue       $       994,104    $  1,451,086  
                                                       
F-11

Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on user location, consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                                        
                            Year Ended                  
                          December 31,                  
                                  2019            2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States        $       622,051    $    895,987  
  United Kingdom                60,073          78,681  
  Rest of the World            311,980         476,418  
  Total Revenue        $       994,104    $  1,451,086  
                                                        
Cash and Cash Equivalents—Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of
cash on deposit with banks and investments in money market funds with
maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase. Accounts
Receivable, net—The Company records accounts receivable at the invoiced
amount, maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for
potentially uncollectible receivables, and reviews accounts receivable
periodically to identify specific customers with known disputes or
collectability issues. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the allowance for
doubtful accounts was not material. Derivatives—The Company accounts for
derivative instruments at fair value. Interest rate swaps may qualify as
cash flow hedges. Changes in the interest rate swaps that qualify as cash
flow hedges are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss). Amounts recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) are reclassified to earnings in a manner that matches the earnings
impact of the hedged interest expense. The Company’s policy for classifying
cash flows from derivatives is to report the cash flows consistent with the
underlying hedged item . Fair Value of Financial Instruments—The Company
uses a three-tier fair value hierarchy to classify and disclose all assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, as well as
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurringbasis, in
periods subsequent to their initial measurement. The hierarchy requires the
Company to use observable inputs when available, and to minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when determining fair value. The three tiers are defined
as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices
(unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level
2—Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable
either directly or indirectly. Level 3—Unobservable inputs of which there is
little or no market data, which require the Company to develop its own
assumptions. Concentration of Credit Risk and Uncertainties—The Company’s
financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk
consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The
Company places its cash deposits with large, reputable financial
institutions. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company maintained cash
balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”)
insured limits. Cash equivalents consist of money market funds that are
composed of U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government securities. The Company’s
accounts receivable balance is derived from both domestic and international
sales. The Company reviews its exposure to accounts receivable credit risk
and generally requires no collateral for its accounts receivable. F-12

The Company uses various distribution partners to collect and remit payments
from users of Apps for virtual goods. As of December 31, 2019, one
distribution partner accounted for 12% of the accounts receivable, net. As
of December 31, 2020, two distribution partners accounted for 20% and 13% of
the accounts receivable, net. No individual customer accounted for 10% or
more of the Company’s accounts receivable or revenue during the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020. Property and Equipment, net—Property and
equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets, which is as follows:
                                                                            
                            Useful Life                                     
  Computer equipment        3 - 5 years                                     
  Software and licenses     3 years                                         
  Furniture and fixtures    3 - 5 years                                     
  Leasehold improvements    Over the shorter of useful life (up to 10       
                            years) or lease term                            
                                                                            
When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated
depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations in the period realized.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Deferred
Offering Costs—Deferred offering costs, which consist primarily of
accounting, legal and other fees directly attributable to the Company’s
proposed initial public offering (“IPO”), are capitalized in other assets on
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The deferred offering costs will
be offset against IPO proceeds upon the consummation of an IPO. In the event
the planned IPO is aborted, the deferred offering costs will be expensed.
There were nil and $3.6 million of deferred offering costs capitalized as of
December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Segment Reporting—The Company’s
chief operating decision-maker is the Chief Executive Officer who makes
resource allocation decisions and assesses performance based on financial
information presented on a consolidated basis. There are no segment managers
who are held accountable by the chief operating decision-maker, or anyone
else, for operations, operating results, and planning for levels or
components below the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, the Company has a
single reportable and operating segment structure. Asset Acquisitions and
Business Combinations—The Company performs an initial test to determine
whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets transferred
are concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar
identifiable assets, such that the acquisition would not represent a
business. If that test suggests that the set of assets and activities is a
business, the Company then performs a second test to evaluate whether the
assets and activities transferred include inputs and substantive processes
that together, significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs,
which would constitute a business. If the result of the second test suggests
that the acquired assets and activities constitute a business, the Company
accounts for the transaction as a business combination. For transactions
accounted for as business combinations, the Company allocates the fair value
of acquisition consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities
assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair
values. Acquisition consideration includes the fair value of any promised
contingent consideration. The excess of the fair value of acquisition
consideration over the fair value of acquired identifiable assets and
liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Contingent consideration F-13

is remeasured to its fair value each reporting period with changes in the
fair value of contingent consideration recorded in general and
administrative expenses. Such valuations require
management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with
respect to intangible assets. Management’s estimates of fair value are based
upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently
uncertain and
unpredictable, and as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. In
certain circumstances, the allocations of the excess purchase price are
based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions and subject to revision
when the Company receives
final information, including appraisals and other analyses. During the
measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, the Company
may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with
the corresponding offset
to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent
adjustments are recorded to earnings. Acquisition-related costs are expensed
as incurred.

For transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the cost, including
certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired
on the basis of relative fair values. The Company generally includes
contingent consideration in the cost of the assets acquired only when the
uncertainty is resolved. The Company recognizes contingent consideration
adjustments to the cost of the
acquired assets prospectively using the straight-line method over the
remaining useful life of the assets. No goodwill is recognized in asset
acquisitions.

Services and Development Agreements—The Company enters into strategic
agreements with mobile gaming studios (“Partner
Studios”). The Company has historically allowed these Partner Studios to
continue their operations with a significant degree of autonomy. In some
cases, the Company bought Apps from Partner Studios and entered into service
and development
agreements whereby Partner Studios provide support in improving existing
Apps and developing new Apps. The substantial majority of payments
associated with service agreements for existing Apps are expensed to
research and development when the
services are rendered as the payments primarily relate to developing
enhancements for the Apps. Payments for new Apps associated with development
agreements are generally made in connection with the development of a
particular App, and therefore,
the Company is subject to development risk prior to the release of the App.
Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of an App are
generally expensed to research and development over the development period
as the services are incurred.
Payments due after completion of an App are generally capitalized and
expensed as cost of revenue. See Note 6, “Acquisitions” for additional
information.

Software Development Costs—The Company incurs development costs related to
internal-use software and the development of Apps. The Company reviews
software development costs on a quarterly basis to determine if the costs
qualify for capitalization. As a result of an agile and
iterative development process, the preliminary project stage remains ongoing
until just prior to launch, at which time final feature selection occurs. As
such, software development costs do not meet the criteria for capitalization
and are expensed
as incurred to research and development expenses. The Company did not
capitalize any software development costs during the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2020.

Goodwill—Goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment
on an annual basis during the fourth quarter, or
more frequently if the Company believes indicators of impairment exist.
Triggering events that may indicate impairment include, but are not limited
to, a significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate that
could affect the value
of goodwill or a significant decrease in expected cash flows. When
conducting quantitative annual goodwill impairment assessments, the Company
compares the fair value of its reporting units to their carrying value. If
the carrying value of a
reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the Company records a goodwill
impairment. Commencing January 1, 2019, the lesser of (i) the entire amount
by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value or
(ii) the
carrying value of goodwill allocated to such

F-14

reporting unit is recorded as an impairment to goodwill. As of December 31,
2019 and 2020, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.

Intangible Assets—This consists of identifiable intangible assets, primarily
Apps, user base, developed technology and
intellectual property licenses resulting from acquisitions. Acquired
intangible assets are recorded at cost, net of accumulated amortization.
Intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives, generally 2 to
7 years. The Company’s estimates of useful lives of intangible assets are
based on cash flow forecasts which incorporate various assumptions,
including forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level
of user engagement.

Intangible assets also include costs of intellectual property that the
Company licenses from third parties for use of their content in
the Company’s game. The licensing agreements include license payments, which
are due over the terms of the agreements. The Company recognizes these
license payments as a license asset and a license obligation at the fair
value on the contract
date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The amortization of the
licensed asset commences when the game with licensed content is launched and
when licensed agreement is executed and is recorded in cost of revenue on a
straight-line method over
the remaining license terms or estimated useful life of the game with
licensed content, whichever is shorter. The classification of the license
obligations between current and long-term is based on the expected timing of
the payments to the
licensor.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets—The Company reviews long-lived assets for
impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate an asset’s carrying value may not be
recoverable. If such circumstances are present, the Company assesses the
recoverability of the long-lived assets by comparing the carrying value to
the undiscounted future
cash flows associated with the related assets. If the future net
undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the
assets are considered impaired and an expense equal to the amount required
to reduce the carrying value of
the assets to the estimated fair value is recorded as an impairment of
intangible assets in the consolidated statements of operations. Significant
judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows
and the relative risk of
achieving those cash flows. Assumptions and estimates about future values
and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be
affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as
industry and economic trends, and
internal factors such as changes in the Company’s business strategy and
internal forecasts. For example, if future operating results do not meet
current forecasts, the Company may be required to record future impairment
charges for acquired
intangible assets. Additional factors which significantly affect future cash
flows related to long-lived assets include, but are not limited to,
forecasted user acquisition costs, user attrition rates and level of user
engagement. Significant
changes in these factors may require the Company to reassess recoverability
of long-lived assets and record impairment. Impairment charges could
materially decrease future net income and result in lower asset values on
the Company’s
consolidated balance sheet. There were no material impairment charges
recorded for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020.

Cost of Revenue—Cost of revenue consists primarily of third-party payment
processing fees related to Consumer Revenue and
paid to the Company’s distribution partners, amortization of intangible
assets related to acquired technology and Apps, and expenses associated with
operating network infrastructure which include bandwidth, energy, and other
equipment costs
related to the co-located data centers and costs for third-party cloud
service providers.

Sales and Marketing—Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of user
acquisition costs, other advertising expenses,
sales incentives, and amortization of acquired separately-identifiable user-
related intangible assets. Related costs associated with these functions
such as, marketing programs, travel, customer service costs as well as
allocated facilities and
information technology costs are also

F-15

included in sales and marketing expenses. Costs for advertising are expensed
as incurred. Advertising costs, which consist primarily of user acquisition
costs, totaled $436.1 million and
$550.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.

Research and Development—Research and development expenses include new
product development costs such as salaries and employee benefits, consulting
costs, stock-based compensation, regulatory compliance costs as well as
allocated facilities and
information technology costs.

General and Administrative—General and administrative expenses include costs
associated
with the Company’s finance, accounting, legal, human resources, and
administrative personnel. Related costs associated with these functions,
such as attorney and accounting fees, recruiting services, administrative
services, insurance, travel,
as well as allocated facilities and information technology costs are also
included in general and administrative expenses.

Stock-Based Compensation—The Company estimates the fair value of employee
stock-based compensation awards on the grant date
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognizes the grant date
fair value as compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires
use of various assumptions,
including expected option life and expected stock price volatility. The
Company determines the expected option life as the average of the options’
contractual term and the options’ vesting period. The Company estimates the
options’
volatility using volatilities of public companies in a comparable industry,
stage of life cycle, and size. The Company is using the straight-line method
for recording stock-based compensation expense and recognizes forfeitures as
they occur. The
Company accounts for non-employee stock-based compensation awards similar to
employee stock-based compensation awards.Additionally, stock-based
compensation also includes liability classified options
to employees that may be settled in the stock of one of the Company’s
subsidiaries.

Income Taxes—The Company
accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which
requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the
financial statements. Under this
method, the Company determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the
basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in
which the differences are
expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax
assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes
the enactment date.

The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a
determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative
evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning
strategies, and results of recent operations. If the Company determines that
it would be able to realize deferred tax assets in the future in excess of
their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation
allowance would be
made to reduce the provision for income taxes.

The Company records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step
process in which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than
not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical
merits of the position; and (2) for those tax
positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the
Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50%
likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with a tax
authority.

F-16

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on
the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax
liability line in the consolidated balance sheets.

Foreign Currency Transactions—Generally, the functional currency of our
international subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. In
cases where the functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, the Company
translates the financial statements of these subsidiaries to U.S. dollars
using the exchange rate at the prevailing consolidated balance sheet date
for assets and liabilities,
and average exchange rates during the period for revenue and costs and
expenses. The Company records translation gains and losses in accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) as a component of stockholders’ equity.
The Company reflects
foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion
of the transaction currency to functional currency, which includes gains and
losses from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities, as a component of
other income
(expense), net.

Comprehensive Income (Loss)—Comprehensive income (loss) is composed of net
income (loss) and other
comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of
gains and losses on cash flow hedges and foreign currency translation
adjustments.

Net Income (Loss) Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders—Basic and
diluted net income (loss) per share attributable
to common stockholders is presented under the two-class method required for
participating securities. The Company considers its convertible preferred
stock, options exercised in exchange for nonrecourse
promissory notes, early exercised unvested stock options and unvested
restricted stock awards to be participating securities. Under the two-class
method, the net loss attributable to common stockholders is not
allocated to convertible preferred stock, options exercised in exchange for
nonrecourse promissory notes, early exercised unvested common stock options
and unvested restricted stock awards as the holders of these instruments do
not have a
contractual obligation to share in the Company’s losses. Net income is
attributed to common stockholders and participating securities based on
their participation rights. Basic net loss per share attributable to common
stockholders is computed
by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the
weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders
adjusts basic earnings per share for
the potentially dilutive impact of stock options.

Noncontrolling Interests and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests—For
less-than-wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries, noncontrolling interest is
the portion of equity not attributable, directly or indirectly, to Applovin.
We evaluate whether noncontrolling interests possess any redemption features
outside of our
control. If such features exist, the noncontrolling interests are presented
outside of permanent equity on the consolidated balance sheets within
redeemable noncontrolling interest. We report revenues, expenses and net
income (loss) from
less-than-wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries at the consolidated
amounts, including both the amounts attributable to the Company and
noncontrolling interests; the income or loss attributable to the
noncontrolling interest holders is reflected in
net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interest on the
consolidated statements of operation. Redeemable noncontrolling interests
are adjusted to the greater of their fair value or carrying value as of each
balance sheet date.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Not Yet Adopted)— In December
2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the
Accounting for Income Taxes. The ASU impacts various topic areas within ASC
740, including accounting for taxes under hybrid tax regimes, accounting for
increases in goodwill, allocation of tax amounts to separate company
financial statements within a group that files a consolidated tax return,
intra period tax allocation, interim period accounting, and accounting for
ownership changes in
investments, among other minor codification improvements. These changes
become effective for the Company on January 1, 2021. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact of these changes.

F-17

In January 2020, the FASB issued ASU No.
2020-01,Investments—Equity Securities (Topic321), Investments—Equity Method
and Joint Ventures (Topic323), and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic815), which
clarifies the interaction of the accounting for equity securities under
Topic 321, the accounting for equity method investments in Topic 323, and
the accounting for certain forward contracts and
purchased options in Topic 815. These changes become effective for the
Company on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently evaluating the
potential impact of these changes.

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and
Other Options (Subtopic 470-20)and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in
Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40):Accounting for Convertible Instruments
and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity, to simplify the accounting for
certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and
equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity’s own
equity. The standard eliminates
beneficial conversion feature and cash conversion models resulting in more
convertible instruments being accounted for as a single unit; and simplifies
classification of debt on the balance sheet and earnings per share
calculation. These changes
will become effective for the Company on January 1, 2022. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact of these changes.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Issued and Adopted)—In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This ASU and subsequently issued amendments
require a lessee to recognize leases with the term greater than 12 months on
the consolidated balance sheet. The
standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. In July 2018, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11, Targeted Improvements—Leases (Topic 842). This
update provides an optional transition method, by which entities may elect
not to recast the comparative periods presented in financial statements in
the period of adoption and recognize a cumulative
effect adjustment in the period of adoption. If elected, an entity would
recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained
earnings in the year of adoption. The Company adopted the new standard as of
January 1, 2019
using the optional transition method that provides for a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings upon adoption. There was no impact on the
Company’s accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2019 as a result of the
adoption of this
standard. On January 1, 2019, the adoption of the new lease standard
resulted in the recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets of $10.1
million and
operating lease liabilities, including operating lease liabilities—current
and non-current, of $2.2 million and $7.9 million, respectively.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations
(Topic805) Clarifying the Definition of a Business, which clarifies the
definition of a business to assist entities with evaluating whether
transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of
assets or businesses. The definition of a business affects many areas of
accounting including acquisitions, disposals, goodwill and consolidation.
This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2018, with
early adoption permitted. The Company adopted the standard on January 1,
2019 using the prospective transition approach, with no material financial
statement impact upon adoption.

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other
(Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which eliminates
the requirement to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a
goodwill impairment change. ASU 2017-04 is effective
prospectively for fiscal years, and the interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2019 with early adoption permitted. The Company
adopted the standard on January 1, 2019, with no material financial
statement impact
upon adoption.

In August 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-12 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815) Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities, which
improves the transparency and

F-18

understandability of information conveyed to financial statement users about
an entity’s risk management activities by better aligning the entity’s
financial reporting for hedging
relationships with those risk management activities; and reduces the
complexity of and simplifies the application of hedge accounting by
preparers. This standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15,
2018. The Company adopted the standard on January 1, 2019 with no material
financial statement impact upon adoption.

In June
2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation-Stock Compensation
(Topic718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This
standard expands the scope of
Topic 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation (which currently only includes
share-based payments to employees) to include share-based payments issued to
nonemployees for goods or services. Consequently, the accounting for share-
based
payments to nonemployees and employees will be substantially aligned. This
standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU
2018-07 on January 1, 2019 with no material financial statement impact upon
adoption.

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU
2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments,
which added a new impairment model (known as the current expected credit
loss (“CECL”) model) that is based on expected losses rather than incurred
losses. Under the new guidance, an entity recognizes as an allowance its
estimate of
expected credit losses. The CECL requires the measurement and recognition of
expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost,
including trade receivables. The CECL model does not have a minimum
threshold for recognition of
impairment losses and entities will need to measure expected credit losses
on assets that have a low risk of loss. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on
January 1, 2020 with no material financial statement
impact upon adoption.

In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13,Fair Value Measurement (Topic
820): Disclosure Framework—Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair
Value Measurement, which amended the fair value measurement guidance by
removing or clarifying certain existing disclosure requirements, while
also adding new disclosure requirements. Specifically, this update removed
certain disclosures related to Level 1 and Level 2 transfers. It also
removed the discussion regarding valuation processes of Level 3 fair value
measurements.
The update modifies guidance related to investments in certain entities that
calculate net asset value to explicitly require disclosure regarding timing
of liquidation of the investee’s assets and timing of redemption
restrictions. The update
adds disclosures around the changes in gains and losses in other
comprehensive income for recurring Level 3 investments held at the end of
the reporting period and adds disclosures regarding certain unobservable
inputs on Level 3 fair
value measurements. The Company adopted ASU 2018-13 on January 1, 2020 with
no material financial statement impact upon adoption.

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Facilitation of the Effects
of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting (Topic 848). The ASU
provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to
transactions affected by reference rate (e.g., LIBOR) reform if certain
criteria are met, for a limited period of time
to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects
of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. The ASU is effective for
all companies as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The FASB also
issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope in January
2021. It clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions in Topic
848 apply to derivatives that are affected by the
discounting transition. The amendments in this ASU affect the guidance in
ASU No. 2020-04 and are effective in the same timeframe as ASU No. 2020-04.
The
Company elected to adopt this guidance prospectively as of March 31, 2020 as
it has LIBOR-based contracts extending beyond the expected discontinuation
of LIBOR, including its senior secured term loan facility and revolving
credit facility. The
adoption of this guidance did not materially impact the Company’s
consolidated financial statements.

F-19

3. Fair Value Measurements The following table sets forth the Company’s
financial instruments that were measured at fair value by level within the
fair value hierarchy on a recurring basis as of the dates indicated (in
thousands):
                                                                            
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2019                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
            Balance                                                  Level  
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2            3  
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset:                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $  340,532    $  340,532    $        —    $       —  
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Liabi…                                                                    
  Inter…    Accrued                                                         
  rate      liabil…    $    5,336    $        —    $    5,336    $       —  
  swap                                                                      
                                          As of                             
                                        Decemb…                             
                                            31,                             
                                           2020                             
            Balance                                                  Level  
            Sheet           Total       Level 1       Level 2            3  
            Locati…                                                         
  Finan…                                                                    
  Asset…                                                                    
  Money     Cash                                                            
  market    and        $    6,413    $    6,413    $        —    $       —  
  funds     cash                                                            
            equiva…                                                         
  Embed…    Long-t…         5,680             —             —        5,680  
  deriv…    debt                                                            
  Total                                                                     
  finan…               $   12,093    $    6,413    $        —    $   5,680  
  assets                                                                    
  Finan…                                                                    
  Liabi…                                                                    
            Deferr…                                                         
  Conve…    acquis…    $   46,500    $        —    $        —    $  46,500  
  secur…    costs,                                                          
            current                                                         
                                                                            
Convertible Security In November 2020, the Company issued a convertible
security as part of the consideration exchanged for certain mobile game Apps
acquired from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer, as
discussed in Note 6. The Company has elected to account for the convertible
security using the fair value option. Under the fair value option, the
financial liability is initially measured at its issue-date estimated fair
value and subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring
basis at each reporting period date. The fair value of the convertible
security was determined using the probability-weighted expected return
method (“PWERM”). This valuation methodology is based on unobservable
estimates and judgements, and therefore is classified as a Level 3 fair
value measurement. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of the convertible security is the expected timing of occurrence
of an IPO, which was estimated to be 50% and 25% probable of occurring in
the first and second half of 2021, respectively, as of December 31, 2020.
Fair value measurements are highly sensitive to changes in this input and
significant changes in this input would result in a significantly higher or
lower fair value. The fair value of the convertible security was determined
to be $45 million as of the issuance date. For the year ended December 31,
2020, the Company recorded a total loss of $1.5 million in other income
(expense), net in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations due to
the change in fair value of the convertible security. The convertible
security is included in deferred acquisition costs, current, in the
Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Embedded Derivative Loans issued
under the Credit Agreement contain certain interest adjustment feature that
was determined to be an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation and
separate accounting, as discussed in Note 9. The embedded derivative was
initially valued and remeasured using a “with-and-without” method. The
“with-and-without” methodology involves valuing the whole instrument with
and without the embedded derivative using a discounted cash flow approach.
The difference of the estimated fair F-20

value between the instrument with the embedded derivative and the instrument
without the embedded derivative is the fair value of the embedded
derivative. This valuation methodology is based on unobservable estimates
and judgements, and therefore is classified as a Level 3 fair value
measurement. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of the embedded derivative is the expected timing of occurrence
of an IPO, which was estimated to be 50% and 25% probable of occurring in
the first and second half of 2021, respectively, as of December 31, 2020.
Fair value measurements are highly sensitive to changes in these inputs and
significant changes in these inputs would result in a significantly higher
or lower fair value. The fair value of the embedded derivative was
determined to be nominal as of the respective loan issuance dates. For the
year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a total gain of $5.7
million in other income (expense), net in the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations due to the change in fair value of the embedded
derivative. The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company’s
financial asset and liability measured at fair value as of December 31, 2020
using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), and the change in fair
value (in thousands):
                                                                         
                                             Embedded       Convertible  
                                           Derivative          Security  
  Balance as of December 31, 2019                   —                 —  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Initial fair value recognition                    —            45,000  
  Change in fair value recognized in            5,680             1,500  
  earnings                                                               
  Balance as of December 31, 2020       $       5,680    $       46,500  
                                                                         
4. Property and Equipment, Net Property and equipment, net consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2019             2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment                   $        29,505       $   33,977     
  Leasehold improvements                           421           18,176     
  Software and licenses                          2,994            3,191     
  Furniture and fixtures                           333            2,824     
  Total property and equipment                  33,253           58,168     
  Less: accumulated depreciation               (25,352  )       (29,581  )  
  Total property and equipment, net    $         7,901       $   28,587     
                                                                            
Depreciation expenses were $7.9 million and $14.2 million for the years
ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2019 and
2020, networking equipment under finance leases with a cost basis of $20.0
million and $21.0 million, respectively, was included in computer equipment.
5. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments—In December 2020, the Company
entered into a commercial agreement with a cloud service provider under
which the Company committed to spend a minimum of $130.0 million on certain
cloud platform services over a period of five years. As of December 31,
2020, the Company had $131.2 million and $5.0 million of non-
cancelableminimum purchase commitments, primarily F-21

related to the cloud service provider, and obtaining rights to intellectual
property from third-party developers, respectively. Future minimum payments
under these non-cancelablepurchase commitments were as follows (in
thousands):
                                                           
  2021                                         $   16,389  
  2022                                             27,436  
  2023                                             28,423  
  2024                                             31,000  
  2025                                             33,000  
  Total non-cancelable purchase commitments    $  136,248  
                                                           
Payments made under these non-cancelablepurchase commitments were not
material for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2020. Contingencies—From
time to time, the Company may have certain contingent liabilities that arise
in the ordinary course of business activities. The Company accrues a
liability for such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will
be made, and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. Letters of
Credit—As of December 31, 2020, the Company had outstanding letters of
credit in the aggregate amount of $11.1 million, which were issued as
security for certain leased office facilities under the Credit Agreement
(see Note 9). These letters of credit have never been drawn upon. As of
December 31, 2019, the outstanding letter of credit was immaterial. Legal
Proceedings—The Company is involved from time to time in litigation, claims,
and proceedings. The outcomes of the Company’s legal proceedings are
inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainty. The Company
records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and
the amount can be reasonably estimated. If it is determined that a loss is
reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, the
reasonably possible loss is disclosed. The Company evaluates developments in
legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been
previously accrued, and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and
makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to
determine the likelihood of matters and the estimated amount of a loss
related to such matters. To date, losses in connection with legal
proceedings have not been material. The Company expenses legal fees in the
period in which they are incurred. Indemnifications—The Company enters into
indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the
ordinary course of business, including certain customers, business partners,
investors, contractors and the Company’s officers, directors and certain
employees. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under
these indemnification provisions due to the Company’s limited history of
prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved
in each particular provision. To date, losses recorded in the Company’s
consolidated statements of operations in connection with the indemnification
provisions have not been material. As of December 31, 2020, the Company did
not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or
reasonably possible. Non-incomeTaxes—The Company may be subject to audit by
various tax authorities with regard to non-incometax matters. The subject
matter of non-incometax audits primarily arises from different
interpretations on tax treatment and tax rates applied. The Company accrues
liabilities for non-incometaxes that may result from examinations by, or any
negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable
and reasonably estimable, and the expense is recorded as a reduction of
revenue or to general and administrative expenses depending on the nature of
the liability. F-22

6. Acquisitions

2019 Acquisitions

Business Combinations—During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company
acquired certain businesses for an aggregate
purchase consideration of $54.6 million. The fair value of the acquired
components was allocated to goodwill in the amount of $38.5 million,
intangible assets in the amount of $15.2 million, and $0.9 million of other
tangible net
assets. These acquisitions are generally expected to enhance the Company’s
Software and expand its Apps. $51.6 million of the aggregate purchase
consideration for these acquisitions was paid in cash with the unpaid
balance of
$3.0 million attributed to the deferred consideration expected to be paid
within 12 months. The weighted average amortization period of the acquired
intangible assets was 3.5 years at acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible
for tax purposes.
The $3.0 million deferred consideration was subsequently paid in October
2020.

Recoded asset acquisition—In
January 2019, the Company acquired a mobile game App from an independent
foreign-based mobile game developer in exchange for an upfront cash
consideration of $150.0 million and a deferred cash consideration of $90.0
million. The
transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $240.0 million
allocated to the acquired mobile game App, which will be amortized over five
years. Additionally, the Company entered into service and development
agreements with the
independent game developer to support the initially acquired game App as
well as to develop new game Apps. Based on the service agreement, the
Company is required to make future one-time earn-out payments, of either
$60.0 million or $30.0 million per game depending on the nature of the new
game App developed, subject to the achievement of a certain monthly revenue
milestone in the initial thirty-six months following the launch of a new
game App. The term of the service agreement is initially three years, after
which time the agreement is terminable by either party upon thirty days’
written
notice. Based on the development agreement, the Company is also required to
make future one-time earn-out payments, during the term of six years, of
$10.0 million
for each of two additional new game Apps developed, subject to the
achievement of the same monthly revenue milestone in the initial thirty-six
months following the launch of such game Apps.

Samfinaco games asset acquisition—In August 2019, the Company acquired four
mobile game Apps from an entity based in Cyprus,
which were developed by an independent foreign-based mobile game developer,
in exchange for an upfront cash consideration of $131.6 million, a deferred
cash consideration of $22.5 million due in the next 15 months and future
earn-out payments for each of the four years from the date of the
transaction which are based on the greater of (i) a predetermined percentage
of revenue or (ii) a predetermined percentage of earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization generated by the
acquired game Apps. The transaction was accounted for as an asset
acquisition with $167.1 million allocated to the acquired mobile game Apps,
$17.1 million allocated to
deferred tax liability (see Note 15, “Income Taxes,” for subsequent
accounting) and the remaining $4.1 million allocated primarily to acquired
cash, accounts receivable and assumed accounts payable. The recorded value
of acquired
mobile game Apps is amortized over five years. During 2019 and 2020, the
Company recognized earn-out costs of $4.1 million and $15.3 million,
respectively, by increasing the book value of the
initially acquired mobile game Apps, which is amortized over the remaining
useful life of the acquired game Apps. Additionally, the Company entered
into service and development agreements with the independent mobile game
developer to support the
initially acquired game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps. The
Company is required to make future earn-out payments based on performance
metrics of the newly developed game Apps which are similar to the
performance metrics of the initially acquired mobile game Apps during the
four years from the date of the transaction.

Other asset acquisitions—In April 2019, the Company acquired assets from an
independent mobile game developer located in the
United States in exchange for upfront cash consideration of

F-23

$59.4 million and deferred cash consideration of $10.5 million due in the
next 15 months. The acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition
with $68.3 million allocated to user-base, $1.3 million to developed
technology and $0.3 million to other assets. The recorded value of the
acquired user-base asset is amortized over 7 years. The recorded value of
the acquired developed technology is amortized over 2 years. The Company
also acquired certain assets through a number of other asset acquisitions
for an aggregated cash consideration of $16.2 million, substantially all of
which was attributable to acquired mobile game Apps. 2020 Acquisitions
Geewa—On January 31, 2020, the Company acquired Geewa A.S. (“Geewa”), a
privately held company specializing in mobile gaming. The transaction is
expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been accounted for
as a business combination. The Company purchased all of the outstanding
shares of the capital stock of Geewa for a total consideration of $25.6
million of which $23.5 million was paid in cash and the unpaid balance was
attributed to a $2.1 million indemnity holdback that will be paid in the
next 12 months. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with
the acquisition, including professional fees, were $0.3 million. The
following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets acquired
and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                      $   1,043     
  Accounts receivable and other current         1,457     
  assets                                                  
  Intangible assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of 5 years        17,040     
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            260     
  years                                                   
  Developed Technology—estimated useful           590     
  life of 2 years                                         
  Property, equipment and other tangible          369     
  assets                                                  
  Goodwill                                      9,805     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities        (4,935  )  
  and other liabilities                                   
  Total purchase consideration              $  25,629     
                                                          
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Pro forma
results of operations have not been presented because the effect of the
acquisition was not material to the consolidated statements of operations.
Redemption Games—On April 6, 2020, the Company acquired Redemption Games,
Inc. (“Redemption Games”), a privately held company specializing in mobile
gaming. The transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio
and has been accounted for as a business combination. As part of the
transaction, the Company purchased 95.5% of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of Redemption Games for an aggregate total consideration of
$53.7 million. Based on the consideration paid and the percent acquired, the
transaction implied a total value for Redemption of $56.2 million.
Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with the
acquisition, including professional fees, were $0.6 million. In November
2020, the Company increased its ownership in Redemption Games to 98.2% by
exchanging 2.7% of minority shares for the Company’s Class A F-24

common stock. The difference between the $4.5 million in fair value of the
Class A common stock issued and the $1.5 million in fair value of the
minority shares was recognized as stock-based compensation in research and
development expenses. The following table summarizes the fair value of
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                          
  Cash                                     $    2,787     
  Accounts receivable, net                      1,850     
  Intangible Assets                                       
  Apps—estimated useful life of 5 years        44,000     
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 5            900     
  years                                                   
  Goodwill                                     20,198     
  Other tangible assets                           131     
  Accounts payable                             (2,492  )  
  Other liabilities                           (11,142  )  
  Total valuation                              56,232     
  Redeemable noncontrolling interest           (2,556  )  
  Total purchase consideration             $   53,676     
                                                          
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename.
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Pro forma
results of operations have not been presented because the effect of the
acquisition was not material. Machine Zone, Inc.—On May 19, 2020, the
Company acquired Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone”), a privately held
company specializing in mobile gaming. The transaction is expected to expand
the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been accounted for as a business
combination. The Company purchased all of the outstanding shares of the
capital stock of Machine Zone and settled all Machine Zone debt for an
aggregate acquisition price of $328.6 million comprising $287.1 million cash
paid to Machine Zone lenders, common stock warrants issued to Machine Zone
lenders and preferred stockholders with the aggregate fair value of $38.2
million and a settlement of the preexisting accounts receivable balance of
$3.3 million. Transaction costs incurred by the Company in connection with
the acquisition, including professional fees, were $2.8 million. The Company
also assumed an IP license agreement with a third-party game content
provider that was included in the Machine Zone acquisition. The term of the
IP license agreement is set to expire in December 2021 with the option to
renew for additional terms by the mutual agreement of the parties. The
remaining future fixed payments under the IP license agreement as of the
date of the Machine Zone acquisition amounted to $37.1 million. F-25

The following table summarizes the fair value of identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands):
                                                             
  Cash                                       $    37,767     
  Accounts receivable and other current           27,284     
  assets                                                     
  Intangible assets                                          
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 10           13,000     
  years                                                      
  Apps—estimated useful life of 3—5 years        272,000     
  IP license—useful life of 2 years               28,551     
  Goodwill                                        82,353     
  Right-of-use assets under operating            125,639     
  leases                                                     
  Property, equipment and other tangible          42,312     
  assets                                                     
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities          (81,591  )  
  and other liabilities                                      
  Deferred revenue                               (43,200  )  
  License obligations                            (35,685  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                   (139,875  )  
  Total purchase consideration               $   328,555     
                                                             
The income approach was used to value the developed Apps and tradename. The
replacement cost approach was used to value the IP license asset. Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the
identifiable assets and assumed liabilities acquired and is primarily
attributable to the assembled workforce and expected synergies at the time
of the acquisition. Goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.
Contemporaneously with the closing of the acquisition, the Company exited
from one of Machine Zone’s real estate leases. The Company accounted for
this lease termination as a transaction separate from the business
combination since the lease termination was negotiated primarily for the
benefit of the combined entity; the Company was the party who directly
negotiated this lease amendment with the lessor; and such negotiation took
place contemporaneously with the negotiation of the business combination.
The Company decreased the operating lease right-of-useasset and operating
lease liability by $57.6 million and $63.1 million, respectively. The
Company also wrote-off$15.0 million of leasehold improvements and other
assets related to this real estate lease. In connection with this
transaction the Company issued a common stock warrant with the fair value of
$0.4 million. The Company’s consolidated statements of operations include
Machine Zone’s revenue of $113.8 million and pretax loss of $89.7 million
for the period from the acquisition date of May 19, 2020 to December 31,
2020. The following unaudited supplemental pro forma information presents
the combined historical results of operations of the Company and Machine
Zone as if the business combination had been completed on January 1, 2019.
The pro forma financial information includes amortization of fair value
adjustments in the appropriate pro forma periods as though the companies
were combined as of the beginning of 2019. These adjustments include:
                                                                            
       An increase in amortization expense of $62.0 million and $23.6       
  •    million related to the fair value of acquired                        
       identifiable intangible assets in 2019 and 2020, respectively;       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       A decrease in revenue of $61.9 million related to fair value         
  •    adjustment of the deferred revenue balance in 2019                   
       with a corresponding increase in revenue of $61.9 million in 2020;   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       A decrease in expenses of $8.7 million related to acquisition        
  •    transaction expenses in 2020; there was no such                      
       adjustment necessary for 2019;                                       
                                                                            
F-26
                                                                            
       A decrease in interest expense of $147.9 million in 2019 and $106.0  
  •    million in 2020 related to Machine Zone                              
       pre-acquisition debt partially offset by interest expense related    
       to additional term loan issued by the Company;                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       A decrease in other income of $9.0 million and $1.7 million to       
  •    eliminate the fair value adjustments related to                      
       embedded derivative and the liability classified warrants in 2019    
       and 2020, respectively;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    An increase in provision for income taxes of $3.3 million and $34.7  
       million in 2019 and 2020, respectively.                              
                                                                            
The following table includes unaudited pro forma results (in thousands,
except per share data):
                                                                            
                                 Year Ended December                        
                                                 31,                        
                                                2019               2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                  $               1,332,476       $  1,625,476     
  Net (loss)                                (105,353  )        (179,415  )  
  Net (loss) per share     $                   (0.50  )    $      (0.83  )  
  — basic and diluted                                                       
                                                                            
Zenlife asset acquisition—In June 2020, the Company acquired certain mobile
game Apps from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer in
exchange for an upfront cash consideration of $160.0 million and future
earn-outpayments for each of the four years from the date of the transaction
based on the excess, if any, of revenue generated by the initially acquired
game App for such year above the sum of (i) an annual fixed baseline revenue
and (ii) the aggregate earn-outpayments made in prior years. The transaction
was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $173.3 million allocated to
the acquired mobile game Apps and $13.3 million to deferred tax liability.
The recorded value of acquired mobile game Apps is amortized over five
years. Additionally, the Company entered into a service and development
agreement with the independent mobile game developer to support the
initially acquired game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps during the
four-year term of the agreement. The Company is also required to make future
earn-outpayments for newly developed game Apps determined under the similar
approach as for the initially acquired mobile game Apps. Athena asset
acquisition—In November 2020, the Company acquired certain mobile game Apps
from an independent foreign-based mobile game developer in exchange for
upfront cash consideration of $110.0 million, deferred cash consideration of
$20.0 million due in the next 18 months with an acquisition-date fair value
of $19.0 million, a convertible security with a principal amount of $40.0
million and the acquisition date fair value of $45.0 million, and future
earn-outpayments for each of the four years from the date of the transaction
based on (i)(a) the revenue generated by the initially acquired game Apps in
excess of (b) a certain revenue threshold, multiplied by (ii) a
predetermined revenue multiple. In the event the Company closes an IPO
within 12 months of the transaction, the sellers may convert the instrument,
in whole or in part, into a maximum number of shares of the Company’s Class
A common stock equal to $40.0 million divided by a conversion price equal to
(i) the preceding 20-dayvolume-weighted average trading price per share of
the Company’s Class A common stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. In the event that
(i) the sellers only convert a portion of the instrument within the
applicable conversion period following the IPO or (ii) the IPO does not
close within 12 months of the transaction, the Company is required to redeem
the then outstanding portion of the convertible security in cash for the
remaining principal amount. The convertible security does not entitle the
sellers to any voting rights or other rights as stockholders of the
Company’s Class A common stock prior to conversion. The Company determined
that the convertible security represents predominantly a share-settled
obligation and recognized the instrument as a level 3 liability. For details
regarding the fair value measurement of the convertible security, see Note
3. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition with $170.7
million allocated to the acquired mobile game Apps, $4.0 million allocated
to the acquired tradename, and the remaining $0.7 million allocated to
deferred tax liability. The recorded value of acquired mobile game Apps and
tradename is amortized over 6 years. Additionally, the Company entered into
a service and development agreement with the F-27

independent mobile game developer to support the initially acquired mobile
game Apps as well as to develop new game Apps during the four-year term of
the agreement. The Company is not required to make additional earn-
outpayments for any new game Apps developed. Other asset acquisitions—In
March and April 2020, the Company completed two asset acquisitions to
acquire two mobile game Apps from two separate independent foreign-based
mobile game developers in exchange for an aggregate upfront cash
consideration of $35.0 million and future earn-outpayments. Both
transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions with $35.0 million
allocated to the acquired mobile game Apps, which will be amortized over
three and five years. Additionally, the Company entered into service and
development agreements with the independent mobile game developers to
support the initially acquired game Apps as well as to develop new game
Apps. With respect to the first asset acquisition, future earn-outpayments
are based on a predetermined percentage of revenue net of certain direct
costs generated by the initially acquired game App, or additional game Apps
developed under the service and development agreement, over the term of the
agreement, which is initially two years, but which may renew for an
additional two-yearterm. With respect to the second asset acquisition,
future earn-outpayments for each of the four years from the date of the
transaction are based on (i)(a) the revenue generated by the initially
acquired game App and any additional game Apps developed under the service
and development agreement over the term of four years in excess of (b) a
baseline revenue threshold, multiplied by (ii) tiered revenue multiples, up
to a cumulative amount of $45.0 million. In 2020, the Company recognized
earn-outcosts of $0.5 million and $6.0 million related to the first and
second asset acquisitions, respectively, by increasing the book value of the
initially acquired mobile game Apps, which are amortized over the remaining
useful life of the respective game Apps. The Company also acquired certain
assets through a number of other asset acquisitions for an aggregated cash
consideration of $46.4 million, substantially all of which was attributable
to acquired mobile game Apps. Modification of asset acquisition-related
contingent consideration —In September 2020, the Company amended the terms
of an asset acquisition to settle the acquisition holdback and the earn-
outdue to the sellers 12 months following the acquisition’s closing in 2019.
Under the terms of the amendment, the Company agreed to settle a $34.8
million liability related to an acquisition holdback and earn-out,with a
combination of a cash payment of $3.4 million and the Company’s Class A
common stock at the fair value of $106.1 million as of the settlement date,
resulting in a $74.7 million extinguishment loss of the acquisition-related
contingent consideration. Subsequent to the issuance of the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company
revised the fair value of the Company’s Class A common stock as of the
settlement date. As a result of the revision in the fair value, the Company
corrected the previously disclosed balances related to the settlement, such
that the fair value of the Class A common stock settlement increased from
$48.4 million to $106.1 million and the extinguishment loss increased from
$17.0 million to $74.7 million. Management considered the correction of the
subsequent event disclosure in the year ended December 31, 2019 to be
immaterial in nature based on qualitative and quantitative factors. 7.
Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets, Net The following table presents
goodwill activity (in thousands):
                                                 
  December 31, 2018               $   98,645     
  Goodwill acquired                   38,515     
  Foreign currency translation           (39  )  
  December 31, 2019               $  137,121     
  Goodwill acquired                  112,356     
  Foreign currency translation           296     
  December 31, 2020               $  249,773     
                                                 
F-28

Acquired intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
        We…                                                                 
        Av…       As                              As                        
        Re…       of                              of                        
        Us…       D…                             De…                        
        Li…       3…                             31,                        
        (Y…       2…                             20…                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
        Gr…       A…       Net          G…       Ac…       N…               
        Ca…       A…       Bo…          C…       Am…       B…               
        Va…                Va…          V…                 V…               
  L…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  A…    4.3    $  4…    $  (6…  )    $  3…    $  1,…    $  (…  )    $  98…  
  U…    5.3       6…       (7…  )       6…       68…       (…  )       51…  
  b…                                                                        
  L…    0.8        —       —             —       28…       (…  )       17…  
  a…                                                                        
  D…    1.4       1…       (3…  )       1…       14…       (…  )       6,…  
  t…                                                                        
  O…    7.5       8…       (1…  )       6…       23…       (…  )       21…  
  T…                                                                        
  l…              5…       (7…  )       4…       1,…       (…  )       1,…  
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  S…                                                                        
  i…                                                                        
  a…                                                                        
  A…    0.5       1…       (1…  )       2…       29…       (…  )       4,…  
  T…                                                                        
  i…           $  5…    $  (8…  )    $  4…    $  1,…    $  (…  )    $  1,…  
  a…                                                                        
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, short-lived mobile Apps were included in
prepaid expenses and other current assets. The Company recorded amortization
expenses related to acquired intangible assets as follows (in thousands):
                                                        
                              Year Ended                
                            December 31,                
                                    2019          2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue        $        74,787    $  228,339  
  Sales and marketing              7,641        11,587  
  Total                  $        82,428    $  239,926  
                                                        
As of December 31, 2020, the expected future amortization expense related to
acquired intangible assets is estimated as follows (in thousands):
                              
  2021          $    270,818  
  2022               246,333  
  2023               244,396  
  2024               244,396  
  2025                75,036  
  Thereafter           9,623  
  Total         $  1,090,602  
                              
F-29

8. Leases Leases (Topic 842) and subsequently issued amendments require a
lessee to recognize leases with a term greater than 12 months on the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company elected the package of transition
practical expedients available for expired or existing contracts, which
allowed the Company to carryforward the historical assessments of (1)
whether contracts are or contain leases, (2) lease classification and (3)
initial direct costs. Also, for leases with a term greater than 12 months,
the Company records the related right-of-useasset and lease liability at the
present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company does not
separate lease and non-leasecomponents of contracts for real estate property
leases. The Company leases real estate property under operating leases. The
Company also leases networking equipment under arrangements with certain
providers of IT infrastructure services which were accounted as finance
leases or short-term operating leases. The Company’s leases do not provide a
readily determinable implicit rate. Therefore, the Company estimates its
incremental borrowing rate to discount the lease payments based on
information available at lease commencement. The Company determines its
incremental borrowing rate based on the rate of interest it would have to
pay to borrow on a collateralized basis with an equal lease payment amount,
over a similar term, and in a similar economic environment. Operating
Leases—The Company leases real estate property at approximately 20
locations. These leases are classified as operating leases. As of December
31, 2020, the remaining lease terms varied from 12 months to 9.2 years. For
certain leases the Company has an option to extend the lease term for
periods varying from 2 to 5 years. These renewal options are not considered
in the remaining lease term unless it is reasonably certain that the Company
will exercise such options. For leases with an initial term greater than 12
months, the Company has recorded a right-of-useasset and lease liability
representing the fixed component of the lease payments. The Company leases
networking equipment from several vendors under month-to-monthlease
arrangements with renewal options. The renewal options are included in the
lease term because it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise
such options. For one of the vendors the lease term is 12 months, and such
leases are classified as short-term leases. Further, the Company leases
networking equipment colocation space from one of its vendors located in two
sectors. For one of the sectors the lease term is less than 12 months, and
such leases are classified as short-term leases. The table below presents
the operating lease-related assets and liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                       Balance Sheet    
                                2019            2020       Classification   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease                                          Operating lease  
  right-of-use       $        14,895       $  84,336       right-of-use     
  assets                                                   assets           
  Current                                                  Operating lease  
  operating lease    $         2,510       $  22,206       liabilities      
  liabilities                                                               
  Non-current                                              Operating lease  
  operating lease    $        12,745       $  71,755       liabilities,     
  liabilities                                              non-current      
  Weighted-avera…                                                           
  remaining term                 5.0             3.7                        
  (years)                                                                   
  Weighted-avera…                6.0  %          4.7  %                     
  discount rate                                                             
                                                                            
F-30

The table below presents certain information related to the lease costs for
operating leases which are allocated to cost of revenue, sales and
marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses
(in thousands):
                                                         
                                Year Ended               
                              December 31,               
                                      2019         2020  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease cost     $         3,520    $  17,372  
  Short-term lease cost              3,231        8,196  
  Variable lease cost                  479        2,147  
  Total lease cost         $         7,230    $  27,715  
                                                         
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease
liabilities was $3.2 million and $23.8 million for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Right-of-use assets acquired under
operating leases was $7.4 million and $10.8 million for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Networking equipment finance
leases—Leases from networking equipment vendors have a term of 32-36months
and are classified as finance leases. The Company has recorded a right-of-
useasset and lease liability representing the fixed component of the lease
payments. The table below presents the finance lease-related assets and
liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                            
                          Year Ended                                        
                        December 31,                      Balance Sheet     
                                2019           2020       Classification    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Finance lease                                           Property and      
  right-of-use       $         2,343       $  5,067       equipment, net    
  assets                                                                    
  Current finance                                         Accrued           
  lease              $         1,387       $  2,821       liabilities       
  liabilities                                                               
  Non-current                                             Other             
  finance lease      $           940       $  2,340       non-current       
  liabilities                                             liabilities       
  Weighted-avera…                                                           
  remaining term                0.49           0.61                         
  (years)                                                                   
  Weighted-avera…                6.0  %         6.0  %                      
  discount rate                                                             
                                                                            
The Company recognized depreciation expenses related to finance lease of
networking equipment of $5.5 million and $8.4 million for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The Company recognized interest
expenses related to finance lease of networking equipment of $0.2 million,
and $0.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance
lease liabilities was $5.9 million and $9.7 million for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. One of the Company’s 2020 acquired
companies entered into a sublease agreement in 2017. This agreement is with
unrelated third party to occupy approximately 104,852 square feet of the
Company’s research and office space. We recorded rent expense on a straight-
line basis for the lease, net of sublease income. For the year ended
December 31, 2020, we have the following operating sublease information (in
thousands):
                                                   
                                    Year Ended     
                                  December 31,     
                                          2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Fixed sublease expense       $         5,769     
  Variable sublease expense                836     
  Sublease income                       (5,678  )  
  Variable sublease income                (836  )  
  Net Loss                     $            91     
                                                   
F-31

Undiscounted cash flow—The tables below reconcile the undiscounted cash
flows for each of the first five years and total of the remaining years to
the operating and finance lease liabilities recorded in the consolidated
balance sheets under ASC 842 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                         As of December 31,                                 
                                       2020                                 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                  Networking                
                                  Operating        Equipment         Total  
                                     Leases          Finance                
                                                      Leases                
  2021                $              26,123    $       3,581    $   29,704  
  2022                               17,874            2,015        19,889  
  2023                               12,279              596        12,875  
  2024                               12,288                —        12,288  
  2025                               12,601                —        12,601  
  Thereafter                         29,783                —        29,783  
  Total lease                       110,948            6,192       117,140  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: amount                                                              
  representing                       16,987            1,031        18,018  
  interest                                                                  
  Present value of                                                          
  future lease                       93,961            5,161        99,122  
  payments                                                                  
  Less: current                                                             
  obligations                        22,206            2,821        25,027  
  under leases                                                              
  Non-current                                                               
  lease               $              71,755    $       2,340    $   74,095  
  obligations                                                               
                                                                            
In addition, the Company will receive $9.4 million and $4.8 million of
sublease income from one of its real estate leases in 2021 and 2022
respectively. As of December 31, 2020, we did not have any additional
significant lease that had not yet commenced. 9. Credit Agreement On August
15, 2018, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement which provided for
senior secured term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $820.0 million
(the “Closing Term Loans”) and a revolving credit facility of $50.0 million.
On April 23, 2019, the Credit Agreement was amended to increase the senior
secured term loan facility by $400.0 million, on terms identical to those
applicable to the Closing Term Loans (together with the Closing Term Loans,
the “Initial Term Loans”). On April 27, 2020, the Credit Agreement was
further amended to modify certain negative covenants. On May 6, 2020, the
Credit Agreement was further amended (the “Third Amendment”) to increase the
senior secured term loan facility by an additional $300.0 million (the
“Third Amendment Term Loans”, and together with the Initial Term Loans, the
“Term Loans”). On October 27, 2020, the Credit Agreement was further amended
to increase the aggregate principal amount of the revolving credit facility
by an additional $540.0 million. The revolving loan facility has a $50.0
million letter of credit sublimit. On November 30, 2020, the Company
borrowed $150.0 million under the revolving credit facility (the “Revolving
Credit Loans”). The Company is required under the Credit Agreement, as
amended, to make equal quarterly repayments of (i) with respect to the
Initial Term Loans, $3.1 million, and (ii) with respect to the Third F-32

Amendment Term Loans, 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of the Third
Amendment Term Loans made on the effective date of the Third Amendment. The
remaining principal amounts of the Term Loans are due on August 15, 2025.
With respect to the Revolving Credit Loans, the principal amount is due on
February 15, 2025. The Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans bear
interest due on a quarterly basis at a rate equal to an applicable margin
plus, at the Company’s option, either (a) a base rate equal to the highest
of (i) the prime rate then in effect, (ii) the federal funds rate, plus
0.50% and (iii) the LIBOR rate, plus 1.0% (the “base rate”), or (b) an
adjusted LIBOR rate (the “LIBOR rate”). The applicable margin with respect
to the Term Loans is equal to 3.50% in the case of LIBOR rate loans and
2.50% in the case of base rate loans. The applicable margin with respect to
the Revolving Credit Loans is equal to 2.50% in the case of LIBOR rate loans
and 1.50% in the case of base rate loans. The applicable margins for both
the Term Loans and the Revolving Credit Loans are subject to a reduction of
0.25% upon the closing of an IPO and an additional reduction of 0.25% based
on the Company’s consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA
ratio. The Credit Agreement requires the Company to prepay, subject to
certain exceptions, the term loan with:
                                                                            
       100% of net cash proceeds above a threshold amount of certain asset  
       sales, certain debt incurrences and casualty events,                 
       subject to, in the case of asset sales, casualty events, and sale    
       leasebacks, (i) step-downs to (x) 50% if the Company’s consolidated  
  •    first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than    
       or equal to 3.50 to 1.00, but greater                                
       than 2.50 to 1.00 and (y) 0% if the Company’s consolidated first     
       lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio is less than or       
       equal to 2.50 to 1.00, and (ii) reinvestment rights and certain      
       other exceptions;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       50% of annual excess cash flow above a threshold amount, subject to  
       (i) a step-down to 25% if the Company’s                              
       consolidated first lien secured debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio    
       is less than or equal to 4.00 to 1.00, but greater than 3.50 to      
       1.00, and (ii) a step-down to 0% if the Company’s first lien net     
       leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.50                         
  •    to 1.00; provided that such prepayment is required only in the       
       amount (if any) by which such prepayment exceeds $10 million in      
       such fiscal year. The amount of excess cash flow is subject to       
       certain deductions and exceptions, including a dollar-for-dollar     
       reduction based on the amount of voluntary prepayments of term       
       loans and loans under the revolving credit facility (to the extent   
       accompanied by a permanent                                           
       commitment reduction); and                                           
                                                                            
                                                                         
  •    100% of the net cash proceeds of certain other debt incurrences.  
                                                                         
The Company is permitted to voluntarily prepay or repay outstanding loans
under the Revolving Credit Facility or Term Loans at any time, in whole or
in part, subject to prior written notice, minimum amount requirements, and
customary “breakage” costs with respect to LIBOR rate loans. Amounts prepaid
under the Revolving Credit Facility may subsequently be reborrowed. The
Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by
substantially all of the assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiary
guarantors (other than customarily excluded assets). The Credit Agreement
contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants
limiting the ability of Applovin and its restricted subsidiaries to, among
other things, incur debt, grant liens, undergo certain fundamental business
changes, make investments, pay-outdividends to third parties, dispose of
assets, and enter into transactions with affiliates, in each case, subject
to limitations and exceptions set forth in the Credit Agreement. The Credit
Agreement also F-33

contains customary events of default that include, among other things,
certain payment defaults, cross defaults to other indebtedness, covenant
defaults, change of control defaults, judgment defaults, and bankruptcy and
insolvency defaults. If an event of default exists, the lenders may require
the immediate payment of all obligations under the Credit Agreement and may
exercise certain other rights and remedies provided for under the Credit
Agreement, the other loan documents and applicable law. As of December 31,
2020, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants. At the time
of issuances, the Company evaluated the Term Loans and Revolving Credit
Loans and determined that the contingent interest adjustment feature, which
reduces the applicable margins for both the Term Loans and the Revolving
Credit Loans upon the closing of an IPO, is an embedded derivative that
requires bifurcation and separate accounting as the feature is not clearly
and closely related to the host instrument. The Company determined that the
value of this embedded derivative was nominal as of the issuance dates. The
embedded derivative was recorded at fair value each reporting period, with
changes in fair value recorded in interest income and other gains in the
Company’s consolidated statements of operations. No hedge accounting
treatment was applied. For details regarding the fair value measurement of
the embedded derivative, see Note 3. The Company incurred $53.1 million of
discounts and debt issuance costs in connection with the Term Loans which
were capitalized and recorded as a reduction to the carrying amount of the
Term Loan in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company amortizes these
costs to interest expense under the effective interest rate method. During
the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company recognized total
interest expense of $65.9 million and $58.8 million, respectively. These
amounts are included in interest expense in the Company’s consolidated
statements of operations. The aggregate future maturities of long-term debt
as of December 31, 2020 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                            
  2021                                     $     15,210     
  2022                                           15,210     
  2023                                           15,210     
  2024                                           15,210     
  2025                                        1,583,492     
  Total outstanding term loan principal       1,644,332     
  Embedded derivative                            (5,680  )  
  Unaccreted discount and debt issuance         (39,452  )  
  costs                                                     
  Total debt                                  1,599,200     
  Less: short-term debt                          15,210     
  Long-term debt                           $  1,583,990     
                                                            
10. Derivative Instruments The Company manages exposure to market risk
associated with fluctuating interest rates with the use of interest rate
derivative financial instruments, namely interest rate swaps. The Company
does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. On November
14, 2018, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement as part
of its interest rate risk management strategy in connection with the term
loan (See Note 9). The notional amount for the swap was $410.0 million. The
swap was a receive-variable (one-monthLIBOR) and pay-fixed(2.9065%) interest
rate swap, which expired on December 31, 2020,with settlement date
commencing on the last calendar day of each month and reset date on first
day of each month beginning December 31, 2018. F-34

The Company applied the hedge accounting provisions of the critical terms
match hedge,
and formally documented at inception all relationships between hedging
instruments and hedged items, as well as its risk management objectives and
strategies for undertaking the various hedges. The critical terms of the
swap and hedged item
coincided (notional amount, interest rate reset dates, interest rate payment
dates, and underlying index), the hedge was expected to offset changes in
expected cash flows due to fluctuations in one-month LIBOR
over the term of the hedge. Therefore, the effectiveness of the hedge
relationship was assessed each quarter by comparing the current terms of the
swap and the debt to assure they continued to coincide and through an
evaluation of the continued
ability of the counterparty to the swap to honor its obligations under the
swap. Had the critical terms no longer matched exactly, hedge effectiveness
(both prospective and retrospective) would have to be assessed by evaluating
the cumulative
dollar-offset ratio for the actual derivative and the hedged item.

Unrealized changes in the fair value of derivatives accounted
for as a critical term match hedge were reported in other comprehensive
income (loss) and subsequently reclassified to earnings in the same period
or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affected earnings.
For the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company recognized $2.7 million and $9.5
million, respectively, of realized loss related to hedged transaction which
were recorded in interest expense. As of December 31, 2019, the settlement
value
of the interest rate swap liability before tax effect was $5.3 million and
was included in other accrued liabilities and other non-current liabilities
and reported in other comprehensive income (loss).
The interest rate swap contract expired on December 31, 2020 and the
settlement value of the interest rate swap liability was reclassified to
earnings.

11. Convertible Preferred Stock

On
July 13, 2018, the Company signed an agreement with KKR Denali Holdings,
L.P. (“KKR Denali”) for a $400.0 million equity investment by KKR Denali.
Pursuant to such agreement, on August 15, 2018, the Company issued
109,090,908 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to KKR Denali in exchange for
their investment.

The Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation designates and authorizes 109,090,908
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.00003 par value per share, of the
Company.

The holders of Series A convertible preferred stock have various rights and
preferences as follows:

Voting—Each share of convertible preferred stock has voting rights equal to
an equivalent number of shares of common stock
into which it is convertible and votes together as one class with the common
stock, except as below:

Holders of Series A
convertible preferred stock, voting together as a single class on an as-
converted basis, are entitled to certain protective provisions which require
a majority of holders of preferred stock to approve, among
other actions, a liquidation event, an amendment, waiver, or repeal of
provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws
in a way that adversely affects the rights, privileges and obligations of
the preferred stock, a
change to the number of directors of the Company, and a declaration or
payment of any dividend.

Holders of Series A
convertible preferred stock, voting as a separate class, are entitled to
elect two members to the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). Holders
of common stock, voting as a separate class, are entitled to elect five
members to
the Board. Holders of common stock and preferred stock, voting together as a
single class on an as converted basis, are entitled to elect all remaining
directors.

F-35

Dividends—The holders of Series A convertible preferred stock shall
be entitled to receive, out of any funds legally available, dividends on a
pari-passu basis to any dividends paid on the common stock, as adjusted for
stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations, and similar
transactions, when, as
and if declared by the Board. No dividends have been declared or paid on the
Company’s preferred stock.

Liquidation Preference—In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or
winding-up of the Company, the holders of preferred stock shall be entitled
to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of the
assets or funds of the Company to the holders of the common stock, an amount
equal to the issuance price per share of $3.67 for Series A convertible
preferred stock, as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations,
recapitalizations, and similar transactions, plus any declared but unpaid
dividends (the “Liquidation Preference”). If the Company has insufficient
assets to permit payment of the Liquidation Preference in full to all
holders of preferred
stock, then the assets of the Company shall be distributed ratably to the
holders of preferred stock in proportion to the Liquidation Preference such
holders would otherwise be entitled to receive.

After payment of the Liquidation Preference to the holders of preferred
stock, the remaining assets of the Company shall be distributed
ratably to the holders of common stock. If the holders of preferred stock
would have been entitled to a larger distribution had they converted their
shares to common stock, then the preferred stock will be deemed to have
converted to common stock.

Redemption—Series A convertible preferred stock are not redeemable.

Conversion—Each share of preferred stock is convertible at the option of the
holder, at any time after the date of issuance
of such share, into shares of Class A common stock as is determined by
dividing the original purchase price of preferred stock by the conversion
price in effect at the time of conversion for such series of preferred
stock. The conversion price
per share of Series A convertible preferred stock is $3.67. The conversion
ratio for convertible preferred stock is one-to-one.

Each share of preferred stock will automatically be converted into shares of
common stock at the then-effective conversion rate of such
shares upon the earlier of (i) the closing of a firm commitment underwritten
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of common
stock of the
Company to the public not less than $75.0 million or (ii) the consent of
holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding shares of preferred
stock, voting together as a single class on an
as-converted basis.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with the
IPO, if (a) the price per share of common stock sold to the public in such
IPO as set forth on the cover of the Company’s final prospectus (prior to
underwriting discounts and expenses) (the “IPO Price”) is less than the
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock prior to giving effect to
this provision, then the Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock
shall be adjusted downward to an amount equal to the IPO Price (the “IPO
Conversion
Price Adjustment”) and the Conversion Price of the Series A preferred stock
as so adjusted shall be used to determine the number of shares of Class A
common stock to be received by the holders of Series A Preferred Stock upon
conversion of the Series A preferred stock in connection with the IPO. The
IPO Conversion Price Adjustment, if any, shall occur as of immediately prior
to the effectiveness of the Company’s registration statement for such IPO.

Anti-Dilution Protection—Series A convertible preferred stock have
antidilution protection. If the antidilution
protection for the preferred stock is triggered, the conversion price will
be subject to a broad-based weighted-average adjustment to reduce dilution.

F-36

12. Common Stock The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as
restated as of May 20, 2020, authorizes the Company to issue 429,600,000
shares of common stock, consisting of 386,400,000 shares of Class A common
stock, $0.00003 par value per share, and 43,200,000 shares of Class F common
stock, $0.00003 par value per share. The holders of the Class F common stock
and the holders of the Class A common stock shall be entitled to receive
dividends from time to time when declared by the Board of Directors in the
form of shares of common stock or rights to acquire common stock. In the
event of any consolidation, merger, or other combination transactions in
which shares of common stock are exchanged for or converted into other stock
or securities, the shares of Class F common stock and Class A common stock
shall be entitled to be exchanged or converted into the same kind. The
number of common stock shares authorized, issued, outstanding and reserved
for future issuance as of December 31, 2020 are as follows:
                                                                            
                                    Shares     Issued and          Options  
                                Authorized    Outstanding    Available for  
                                                   Shares    Future Grants  
  Common Stock A               386,400,000    183,800,251      202,599,749  
  Common Stock F                43,200,000     42,564,150          635,850  
  Total shares of Common       429,600,000    226,364,401      203,235,599  
  Stock                                                                     
                                                                            
Voting Rights—The holders of the Class A and Class F common stock shall vote
together as a single class on all matters to be voted on by the holders.
Each holder shall vote all Class A and Class F shares held by such holder
and has the right to one vote for each share. So long as a majority of the
shares of Class F common stock outstanding as of the date of the Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as restated as of May 20, 2020,
remain outstanding, holders of Class F common stock, voting together as a
single class on an as-convertedbasis, are entitled to certain protective
provisions which require a majority of holders of Class F common stock to
approve, among other actions, a liquidation event, an amendment, waiver, or
repeal of provisions of the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws in a way that adversely affects the rights, privileges and
obligations of the Class F stock, a change to the number of directors of the
Company, and a declaration or payment of any dividend.
Distribution—Distributions can be made by the Company to holders of the
shares in cash, property, dividend, or distributions upon the occurrence of
a liquidity event due to insolvency, sale of the Company, or otherwise.
Distributions shall be made to the Class A stockholders and Class F
stockholders pro rata to each such holder in accordance with the number of
Class A and Class F shares held by each such holder, until the cumulative
number of distributions made with respect to the Class A and Class F shares
equals the sum of their respective capital contributions.
Liquidation—Distributions to the stockholders upon liquidation may be made
in cash or noncash property, or partly in cash and partly noncash property,
as determined by the Board of Directors; provided, that the allocation
between cash and noncash property shall be distribution pro rata in
accordance with the number of shares held by the stockholders. The assets of
the Company shall be applied first to repay any indebtedness and other
liabilities of the Company, second to any reserves with the Board reasonably
deems necessary for contingent or unforeseen liabilities or obligations of
the Company, and third, the stockholders based on their pro rata share.
Conversion—Each share of Class F common stock is convertible at the option
of the holder, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into
one share of Class A common stock. F-37

Additionally, a share of Class F common stock will automatically be
converted into one of share of Class A common stock upon (i) the sale of
such share of Class F common stock (subject to certain exceptions), or (ii)
the death of the holder. Each share of Class F common stock will
automatically be converted into one share of Class A common stock upon the
earlier of (i) an initial public offering of the Company’s stock or (ii) the
consent of holders of at least a majority of the then-outstanding shares of
Class F common stock. Further, if a share of Class F common stock is
purchased by an investor in connection with an equity financing, approved by
the Board, in which the aggregate Class F common stock sold does not
constitute more than 15% of the preferred stock offered by the Company in
the equity financing, a holder may elect to convert such share of Class F
common stock into a share of a subsequent series of preferred stock.
Warrant—On January 3, 2019, Applovin entered into a Warrant Transfer
Agreement with Applovin Holdings LLC granting the transfer of the common
stock warrant issued in connection with prior debt financing to Angel Pride
Holdings Limited and Hontai App Fund Limited Partnership in the amount of
26,021,583 shares and 8,794,734 shares of Class A common stock,
respectively. Subsequently, Angel Pride Holding Limited and Hontai App Fund
Limited Partnership exercised their rights to purchase the Company’s Class A
common stock and each paid $868 and $293, respectively. 13. Stock-based
Compensation The Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) provides
for the granting of stock options to employees, consultants, and advisors of
the Company. Options granted under the Plan may be either incentive stock
options or nonqualified stock options. Incentive stock options may be
granted only to Company employees, including officers and directors who are
also employees. Nonqualified stock options may be granted to Company
employees, consultants and advisors. The Plan also provides for grants of
restricted stock. As of December 31, 2020, the Company reserved 125,316,000
shares of Class A common stock for issuance under the Plan. Options
remaining available for issuance under the Plan were 3,486,785 as of
December 31, 2020. Options under the Plan may be granted for periods of up
to 10 years and generally vest over four years. The Company recognized
stock-based compensation expense for the periods indicated as follows (in
thousands):
                                                                    
                                                 2019         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue                           $     124    $     982  
  Sales and marketing                           1,922       10,668  
  Research and development                      5,009       36,852  
  General and administrative                    3,167       13,885  
  Total stock-based compensation expense    $  10,222    $  62,387  
                                                                    
For the year ended December 31, 2020 total stock-based compensation expense
included $0.9 million associated with awards that may be settled with one of
the Company’s subsidiaries. Stock Options—During the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2020, the Company granted stock options to purchase 12,199,200
and 13,158,430 shares of common stock, with a weighted-average grant date
stock fair value of $1.97 and $15.94 per share, respectively. F-38

The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock
options granted are as follows:
                                                                
                                      Year Ended                
                                    December 31,                
                                            2019       2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Weighted-average expected term            6.05       5.94     
  Expected volatility                         43  %      39  %  
  Risk-free interest rate                   1.91  %    0.56  %  
  Dividend yield                               0  %       0  %  
                                                                
The expected term of stock options represents the weighted-average period
the stock options are expected to remain outstanding and is based on the
average of the options’ contractual term and the options’ vesting period, as
the Company did not have sufficient historical information to develop
reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting
employment termination behavior. The expected stock price volatility
assumption was determined by examining the historical volatilities for
industry peers, as the Company did not have any trading history for its
common stock. The Company will continue to analyze the historical stock
price volatility and expected term assumptions as more historical data for
the Company’s common stock becomes available. The risk-free rate assumption
is based on the U.S. Treasury instruments whose term was consistent with the
expected term of the Company’s stock options. The expected dividend
assumption is based on the Company’s history and expectation of dividend
payouts. The Company’s activity of the stock options under the Plan for the
years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 was as follows:
                                                                            
                                                  Weighted        Weighted  
                                                   Average         Average  
                                                  Exercise       Remaining  
                              Number of          Price Per     Contractual  
                                Options              Share    Term (Years)  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at December        8,370,552       $       2.66             9.2  
  31, 2018                                                                  
  Granted                    12,199,200               4.36                  
  Exercised                  (1,011,873  )            2.61                  
  Forfeited                  (1,158,528  )            2.82                  
  Expired                        (4,221  )            2.81                  
  Balances at December       18,395,130       $       3.78             9.2  
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Granted                    13,158,430               8.41                  
  Exercised                    (871,668  )            2.65                  
  Forfeited                    (425,001  )            1.68                  
  Expired                    (1,367,367  )            4.64                  
  Balances at December       28,889,524       $       5.92             8.8  
  31, 2020                                                                  
  Vested and exercisable                                                    
  at December 31,            17,099,956       $       5.26             8.6  
  2020                                                                      
  Vested and expected to                                                    
  vest at December           25,023,502       $       6.22             8.9  
  31, 2020                                                                  
                                                                            
The intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2019 and 2020,
was $23.4 million and $1.8 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2019
and 2020, there was approximately $26.8 million and $132.2 million,
respectively, of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested
options granted, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-
average vesting period of 2.9 years. F-39

Early Exercise of Stock Options—Subject to the Board’s approval, the Plan
allows for the early exercise of options granted. Under the terms of the
Plan, option holders, upon early exercise, must sign a restricted stock
purchase agreement that gives the Company the right to repurchase any
unvested shares, at the original exercise price, in the event the optionees’
employment terminates for any reason. The right to exercise options before
they are vested does not change existing vesting schedules in any way and
the early exercised options may not be sold or transferred before they are
vested. The repurchase right lapses over time as the shares vest at the same
rate as the original option vesting schedule. The cash amounts received in
exchange for these early exercised shares are recorded as a liability on the
accompanying balance sheets and reclassified into common stock and
additional paid-in-capitalas the shares vest. The Company’s right to
repurchase these shares lapses by 1/4 thof the shares on the one-
yearanniversary of the vesting start date and ratably each month over the
next 36-months. The Company has 11,337 shares and 19,800 shares of Class A
common stock subject to repurchase as of December 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively. The liability for the repurchase as of December 31, 2019 and
2020 included in accrued liabilities was $0.1 million and $0.1 million,
respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company
provided financing to certain employees in the form of promissory notes to
early exercise stock options. These promissory notes are partially
collateralized by shares and in-substanceare nonrecourse. For accounting
purposes, exercised options via nonrecourse promissory notes are not
substantive and are continued to be treated as options. As of December 31,
2019 and 2020 the Company had 5,760,000 and 8,022,499 shares of Class A
common stock options, respectively, that were exercised via nonrecourse
promissory notes of which 4,601,877 and 4,136,677 shares, respectively, were
unvested and subject to repurchase. The principal balances of nonrecourse
promissory notes outstanding amounted to $20.0 million and $40.4 million as
of December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Restricted Stock—Restricted
stock awards are classified as equity awards based on the requirements
established by the applicable accounting rules for stock-based compensation.
The fair value of the restricted stock awards was determined based on the
price of the Company’s valuation on the date of grant as approved by the
Company’s board of directors. The Company’s activity of the outstanding
restricted stock awards for Class A common stock for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020 was as follows:
                                                                   
                                                         Weighted  
                                    Number of             Average  
                                   Restricted          Grant Date  
                                        Stock          Fair Value  
                                       Awards           per Share  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balances at December 31, 2018     3,664,653       $        1.68  
  Granted                           3,267,792                1.97  
  Repurchased                         (59,637  )             1.68  
  Vested                           (2,948,394  )             1.83  
  Balances at December 31, 2019     3,924,414       $        1.81  
  Granted                                   —                   —  
  Repurchased                               —                   —  
  Vested                           (2,687,643  )             1.85  
  Balances at December 31, 2020     1,236,771       $        1.71  
                                                                   
F-40

As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, there was $6.7 million and $1.8 million,
respectively, of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested
restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 1.1 years. 14. Net Income (Loss) Per Share The
following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income
(loss) per share attributable to common stockholders for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020 (in thousands, except share and per share data):
                                                                            
                               Year Ended December                          
                                               31,                          
                                              2019                 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic EPS                                                                 
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income (loss)       $                119,040       $     (125,187  )  
  Less:                                                                     
  Income attributable                                                       
  to convertible                           (39,500  )                 —     
  preferred stock                                                           
  Income attributable                                                       
  to options exercises                      (1,088  )                 —     
  by promissory notes                                                       
  Income attributable                                                       
  to unvested early                            (39  )                 —     
  exercised options                                                         
  Income attributable                       (2,037  )                 —     
  to unvested RSA’s                                                         
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to         $                 76,376       $     (125,187  )  
  common                                                                    
  stock                                                                     
  Denominator:                                                              
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 210,937,147          214,936,545     
  (loss) per share:                                                         
  Basic                                                                     
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  per share                                                                 
  attributable            $                   0.36       $        (0.58  )  
  to common stock:                                                          
  Basic                                                                     
  Diluted EPS                                                               
  Numerator:                                                                
  Net income (loss)       $                119,040       $     (125,187  )  
  Less:                                                                     
  Income attributable                                                       
  to convertible                           (39,329  )                 —     
  preferred stock                                                           
  Income attributable                                                       
  to options exercises                      (1,083  )                 —     
  by promissory notes                                                       
  Income attributable                                                       
  to unvested early                            (39  )                 —     
  exercised options                                                         
  Income attributable                       (2,028  )                 —     
  to unvested RSA’s                                                         
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  attributable to         $                 76,561       $     (125,187  )  
  common                                                                    
  stock                                                                     
  Denominator:                                                              
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 210,937,147          214,936,545     
  (loss) per share:                                                         
  Basic                                                                     
  Weighted-average                                                          
  dilutive stock                         1,428,282                    —     
  options                                                                   
  Weighted-average                                                          
  shares used in                                                            
  computing net income                 212,365,429          214,936,545     
  (loss) per share:                                                         
  Diluted                                                                   
  Net income (loss)                                                         
  per share                                                                 
  attributable            $                   0.36       $        (0.58  )  
  to common stock:                                                          
  Diluted                                                                   
                                                                            
F-41

The following table presents the forms of antidilutive potential common
shares:
                                                                            
                                    Year Ended December 31,                 
                                                       2019           2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Convertible preferred stock                   109,090,908    109,090,908  
  Options exercised for                           5,760,000      8,022,499  
  promissory notes                                                          
  Early exercised options                            11,337         19,800  
  Unvested RSAs                                   3,924,414      1,236,771  
  Options                                         7,439,700     20,754,985  
                                                                            
The table above does not include the convertible security issued in 2020.
This security is convertible into the Company’s common stock starting 61
days following the effective date of an initial public offering of the
Company. The convertible security may be converted, at the option of the
holder, into a number of shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock equal
to $40.0 million divided by a conversion price equal to (i) the preceding
20-dayvolume-weighted average trading price per share of Class A Common
Stock multiplied by (ii) 0.8. 15. Income Taxes Net income (loss) before
income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, includes the
following components (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                           Year Ended                       
                                         December 31,                       
                                                 2019          2020         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  U.S.                                $       149,797       $  (118,296  )  
  Foreign                                     (23,563  )       (17,410   )  
  Net income (loss) before income     $       126,234       $  (135,706  )  
  tax                                                                       
                                                                            
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes for the years ended December 31,
2019 and 2020 consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                            Year Ended                      
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2019             2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current:                                                                  
  Federal                              $        23,703       $   20,162     
  State                                          1,888            4,087     
  Foreign                                          568            4,027     
                                                26,159           28,276     
  Deferred:                                                                 
  Federal                                         (720  )       (29,235  )  
  State                                            (99  )        (4,800  )  
  Foreign                                      (18,146  )        (4,013  )  
                                               (18,965  )       (38,048  )  
  Total provision for (benefit                                              
  from)                                $         7,194       $   (9,772  )  
  income taxes                                                              
                                                                            
F-42

The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to the effective
income tax rate is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                            Year Ended                      
                                          December 31,                      
                                                  2019             2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tax provision (benefit) at U.S.                                           
  federal                              $        26,509       $  (28,498  )  
  statutory rate                                                            
  State income taxes, net of                                                
  federal                                        1,412           (1,137  )  
  benefit                                                                   
  Foreign income taxed at different              2,887            8,710     
  rates                                                                     
  Change in foreign deferred tax               (17,143  )        (6,038  )  
  rate                                                                      
  Stock-based compensation                       1,671           10,347     
  Foreign-derived intangible income             (8,600  )        (3,518  )  
  Research and development credits              (1,025  )        (2,561  )  
  Transaction costs                                428              601     
  Extinguishments of                                                        
  acquisition-related                                —           12,237     
  contingent consideration                                                  
  Other                                          1,055               85     
  Total provision for (benefit                                              
  from)                                $         7,194       $   (9,772  )  
  income taxes                                                              
                                                                            
In August 2019, the Company acquired certain mobile game apps from an entity
based in Cyprus. A deferred tax liability was created due to basis
differences of assets acquired. In December 2019, pursuant to a year-
endrestructuring, the Company changed the tax residency of the operations
related to the mobile game apps acquired. Accordingly, the deferred tax
liability associated with basis differences in Cyprus was reduced by $17.1
million. The following summarizes the current and deferred tax assets and
liabilities (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                    As of December 31,                      
  Deferred tax assets:                            2019             2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued expenses and           $               1,871       $    4,757     
  reserves                                                                  
  Stock-based compensation                       1,134            1,955     
  Tax credit carryforwards                         183            2,526     
  Federal benefit from state                       553            1,047     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net operating loss                             2,959            3,787     
  Interest rate swap                             1,171                —     
  Embedded derivative                                —           (1,303  )  
  Identified intangibles                         6,028            8,996     
  Operating lease liability                      3,785           20,551     
  Valuation allowance                                —             (531  )  
  Total deferred tax assets                     17,684           41,785     
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                 
  Depreciation and                              (8,419  )        (6,857  )  
  amortization                                                              
  Operating lease                               (3,270  )       (20,345  )  
  right-of-use assets                                                       
  Total deferred tax                           (11,689  )       (27,202  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Net deferred tax assets        $               5,995       $   14,583     
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company has federal net operating loss
carryforwards of $2.8 million and $19.6 million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. The net operating losses are not subject to
expiration. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company had federal tax
credit carryforwards of $0 and $0.9 million, respectively, to offset future
tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2035. F-43

As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company has California net operating
loss carryforwards of $3.8 million and $9.2 million, respectively, to reduce
future taxable income. The net operating losses will begin to expire in
2037. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company had California tax
credit carryforwards of $1.4 million and $4.8 million, respectively, to
offset future tax liability. The credit carryforwards are not subject to
expiration. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company had Texas tax
credit carryforwards of $0 and $0.3 million, respectively, to offset future
tax liability. The credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2040. The
valuation allowance increased by $0.5 million during the calendar year 2020.
In assessing the realizability of the Company’s deferred tax assets,
management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management’s assessment is based on the
weight of available evidence, including cumulative losses since inception
and expected future losses and as such, management believes it is more
likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. Accordingly,
no valuation allowance has been established in the U.S. and all foreign
jurisdictions except as noted above. Internal Revenue Code Section 382
places a limitation on the amount of taxable income that can be offset by
net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits after a greater than 50%
change in control in ownership; California has similar rules. The Company’s
capitalization described herein may have resulted in such a change.
Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to annual
limitations under IRC Section 382 and similar state provisions. The annual
limitation may result in the expiration of the net operating loss
carryforwards before utilization. The Company has not provided U.S. income
or foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, because it intends to
permanently reinvest such earnings outside of the U.S. If these foreign
earnings were to be repatriated in the future, the related U.S. tax
liability will be immaterial, due to the participation exemption put in
place in the Tax Act. Uncertain Tax Positions The following table summarizes
the activity related to the gross unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                     As of December 31,                     
                                                   2019            2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance at beginning of year    $               2,858       $   6,646     
  Increases related to prior                                                
  year                                            2,377           4,681     
  positions                                                                 
  Increases related to current                                              
  year                                            1,581           3,498     
  positions                                                                 
  Decreases related to lapse                       (170  )         (424  )  
  of statutes                                                               
  Balance at end of year          $               6,646       $  14,401     
                                                                            
The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions under ASC 740. As of
December 31, 2019 and 2020, there was approximately $6.6 million and $14.4
million of unrecognized tax benefits, respectively. Of the unrecognized tax
benefits, $5.8 million and $13.0 million represents the amount that if
recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in 2019 and
2020, respectively. The Company does not expect a significant change to its
unrecognized tax benefits or recorded liabilities over the next twelve
months. The unrecognized tax benefits may increase or change during the next
year for items that arise in the ordinary course of business. F-44

The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the
Company had approximately $0.7 million and $2.3 million of interest and
penalties, respectively. The Company’s primary tax jurisdiction is the
United States. The tax return for years 2017 through 2020 remain open to
examination for federal purposes, and 2016 through 2020 for the other major
domestic taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 16. Defined
Contribution Plan The Company sponsors a defined-contribution savings plan
under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
covering substantially all full-time U.S. employees. Participating employees
may contribute up to 100% of their eligible compensation up to the annual
Internal Revenue Service contribution limit. The 401(k) Plan was adopted in
2014. For 2019 and 2020, the Company matched employee contributions 100% for
the first 1% and 50% through a maximum of 6%, totaling $0.9 million and $2.2
million, respectively. 17. Geographic Information The following table
presents the property and equipment, net by geographic area (in thousands):
                                                                           
                                          As of December 31,               
                                                        2019         2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                        $               7,679    $  27,942  
  All other countries                                    222          645  
  Total property and equipment, net    $               7,901    $  28,587  
                                                                           
For information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see Note
2—Summary of Significant Accounting policies, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers. 18. Related Party KKR Capital Markets LLC, an affiliate of KKR
Denali, acted as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner for the Credit
Agreement. KKR Denali is also one of the Company’s principal stockholders.
In 2019 and 2020, the Company paid $2.0 million and $1.5 million,
respectively, in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC in connection with the
Credit Agreement. On November 30, 2020, the Company borrowed $150.0 million
under the revolving credit facility at a margin of 2.50% (the “Revolving
Credit Loan”). A lender of the Revolving Credit Loans is an affiliate of KKR
Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. In December 2019, the
Company purchased 2,475,000 shares and 300,000 shares of the Company’s Class
A Common Stock from the Company’s chief executive officer and from the
Company’s Board member, respectively. Chief executive officer is also the
Company’s principal stockholder. The fair value of the purchased shares was
$14.0 million. The purchase of shares was paid through the issuance of two
unsecured 5-yearpromissory notes with the principal amount of $10.0 million
and $1.2 million, respectively. The promissory notes are redeemable upon the
earlier of (i) maturity, (ii) immediately prior to an acquisition of the
Company as defined in the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, or (iii)
immediately prior to the Company’s filing an S-1with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The promissory notes bear interest at a rate of 2% per
annum paid annually. Both promissory notes were recorded in other non-
currentliabilities at the aggregated initial fair value of $9.1 million
representing a discount of 19% to its principal amount and resulting in a
purchase of the Company’s common stock shares below its fair value. The
discount is amortized over a period of five F-45

years under the effective interest method with amortization expense included
in interest expense. The shares of the Company’s Class A Common Stock
purchased in exchange for the issuance
of the promissory note were added to the pool of shares available for the
grant under the Company’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company recorded
the difference between fair value of the shares purchased and the fair value
of promissory
notes as an increase to additional paid-in capital.

19. Subsequent Events

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through March 2, 2021, which is
the date the consolidated financial statements are
available to be issued.

In January 2021 the Company paid $60.0 million to Recoded in relation to a
new game App acquired in 2020.
In February 2021, the Company paid an additional $90.0 million to Recoded
related to deferred cash consideration on the acquisition closed in 2019.

In January, 2021, a new director was elected to serve on the Company’s board
of directors and received options to purchase a total
of 206,000 shares of the Company’s common stock under the Company’s 2011
Plan. With respect to 21,000 shares, 1/12th of the shares will vest, subject
to such director’s continued role as a service provider to the Company, on
April 21, 2021 with 1/12th of the shares vesting every three months
thereafter; provided that 100% of any unvested shares covered by the option
will vest immediately prior to the closing of an Acquisition or Other
Combination (each as defined
in the Company’s 2011 Plan). The options to purchase 185,000 shares were
fully vested on the date of grant and such options were exercised in full in
January 2021.

In February 2021, the Company signed a share purchase agreement with Adjust
GmbH, a leading mobile app attribution, measurement and
analytics company in Germany, to acquire all the outstanding shares of
Adjust GmbH for an estimated purchase price of $1.0 billion, consisting of
(i) $598.0 million in cash, subject to certain purchase price adjustments,
(ii) a number of
shares of the Company’s Class A common stock determined by dividing $352.0
million by the 15-day volume-weighted average trading price per share of the
Company’s Class A common stock
ending on the thirtieth trading day following an IPO; and (iii) the
assumption of up to $40.0 million in the aggregate of debt, accrued
interest, and fees of Adjust, in each case upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the share
purchase agreement. The Adjust acquisition is subject to customary closing
conditions and is expected to close in the first half of 2021.

In February 2021, the Company amended the Credit Agreement to increase the
senior secured term loan facility by $300.0 million to
an aggregate principal amount of $1.82 billion, to add an additional $10.0
million in aggregate principal amount of revolving commitments, increasing
the total revolving commitments to $600.0 million and to reduce the interest
rate on
the incremental term loans issued on May 6, 2020 to have the same interest
rate as all other term loans. In connection with this amendment, the Company
paid $0.8 million in fees to KKR Capital Markets LLC, who is one of the
Company’s
principal stockholders.

In February 2021, promissory notes issued to executive officers in the
amount of $20.9 million were
settled through either share repurchase, in the amount of $17.2 million, or
cash payment, in the amount of $3.7 million. In connection with the
repurchase of shares, the Company accelerated vesting of 60,968 shares of
Class A common stock for one of
the Company’s officers.

Due to the timing of these transactions, as of the date of issuance of these
consolidated
financial statements, the Company is in the process of finalizing the
valuation and related accounting for these transactions.

F-46

20. Subsequent Events (Unaudited) On March 14, 2021, the Company amended and
restated its share purchase agreement with Adjust GmbH, which amended
provisions relating to certain closing conditions. On March 19, 2021, the
Company requested to draw down an additional $250.0 million from the
Company’s $600.0 million revolving credit facility, which is expected to
close on March 31, 2021. A lender under the revolving credit facility is an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. Capital
Structure Change Following the effectiveness of the registration statement
on Form S-1relating to the initial public offering of the Company’s Class A
common stock (the “IPO”), the Company will amend its certificate of
incorporation to have three classes of authorized common stock, Class A
common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common stock, which will
become effective immediately prior to the closing of the IPO (the “IPO
Certificate”). Upon the closing of the IPO, Adam Foroughi, the Company’s co-
founder,CEO, and Chairperson; Herald Chen, the Company’s President and Chief
Financial Officer, and a member of the Company’s board of directors; and KKR
Denali Holdings, L.P. (“KKR Denali”) (collectively with certain affiliates,
the Class B Stockholders) will together hold all of the issued and
outstanding shares of the Company’s Class B common stock. The Class B
Stockholders have entered into a voting agreement (the “Voting Agreement”)
whereby all Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their
respective permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as
determined by two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKD Denali (one of which
must be Mr. Foroughi). Shares of the Company’s Class C common stock will not
be issued and outstanding at the closing of the IPO. The rights of the
holders of Class A common stock, Class B common stock, and Class C common
stock (referred to together as the “common stock”) will be identical, except
with respect to voting and conversion. Voting Rights Holders of the Class A
common stock will be entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders, holders of the Class B common stock
will be entitled to 20 votes for each share held on all matters submitted to
a vote of stockholders, and holders of the Class C common stock will not be
entitled to vote on any matter that is submitted to a vote of stockholders,
except as otherwise required by law. The holders of the Class A common stock
and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class, unless
otherwise required by law. Under the IPO Certificate, approval of the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of the Class B
common stock voting as a separate class will be required to increase the
number of authorized shares of the Class B common stock. In addition,
Delaware law could require either holders of the Class A common stock, the
Class B common stock, or the Class C common stock to vote separately as a
single class in the following circumstances:
                                                                            
       if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate to          
  •    increase or decrease the par value of a class of stock, then         
       that class would be required to vote separately to approve the       
       proposed amendment; and                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if the Company were to seek to amend the IPO Certificate in a        
       manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or             
  •    special rights of a class of stock in a manner that affected its     
       holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote         
       separately to approve the proposed amendment.                        
                                                                            
F-47

Until the date on which the final conversion of all outstanding shares of
Class B common stock pursuant to the terms of the IPO Certificate occurs,
approval of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock voting as a separate
class will be required to amend or modify any provision of the IPO
Certificate inconsistent with, or otherwise alter, any provision of the IPO
Certificate to modify the voting, conversion, or other rights, powers,
preferences, privileges, or
restrictions of the Company’s Class B common stock.

Dividend Rights

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock
outstanding at the time, the holders of the Company’s common
stock will be entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available
if the Company’s board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue
dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the Company’s
board of
directors may determine.

No Preemptive or Similar Rights

The Company’s common stock will not be entitled to preemptive rights, and is
not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund
provisions.

Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions

If the Company becomes subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up,
the assets legally
available for distribution to the Company’s stockholders would be
distributable ratably among the holders of the Company’s common stock and
any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior
satisfaction of all
outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the
payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of
preferred stock.

Conversion of Class B Common Stock

Each share of Class B common stock will be convertible at any time at the
option of the holder into one share of Class A common
stock. Following the closing of the IPO, shares of Class B common stock will
automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock upon sale or
transfer except for certain transfers described in the IPO Certificate,
including transfers
for estate planning, transfers among KKR Denali and its affiliates, or other
transfers among the Class B Stockholders. Withdrawal from the Voting
Agreement constitutes a transfer.

Each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share
of Class A common stock upon the date fixed by
the Company’s board of directors that is no less than 61 days and no more
than 180 days following the date on which (i) the Voting Agreement is
terminated or (ii) Adam Foroughi is no longer involved with the Company as a
member of the
board of directors or as an executive officer.

Conversion of Class C Common Stock

After the conversion or exchange of all outstanding shares of the Company’s
Class B common stock into shares of Class A
common stock, all outstanding shares of Class C common stock will convert
automatically into Class A common stock, on a share-for-share basis, on the
date or
time specified by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Class A common stock, voting as a separate class.

F-48

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF MARCH 31, 2020 AND FOR THE THREE MONTH PERIOD ENDING MARCH 31, 2019
AND MARCH 31, 2020

F-49

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
DECEMBER 31, 2019 AND MARCH 31, 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands,                                                            
  except share and                                                          
  per                                                                       
  share information)        December 31, 2019 a          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             -Unaudited     
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                                           
  Cash and cash          $               91,759       $          58,128     
  equivalents                                                               
  Accounts                               20,644                  25,918     
  receivable, net                                                           
  Deferred cost of                            —                       —     
  revenue                                                                   
  Prepaid expenses                                                          
  and other current                       3,815                   3,844     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current                         116,218                  87,890     
  assets                                                                    
  Property, equipment                    64,701                  57,422     
  and software, net                                                         
  License assets, net                    35,314                  30,894     
  Goodwill                                3,438                   3,438     
  Intangible assets,                      2,270                   2,253     
  net                                                                       
  Other noncurrent                        2,991                   2,966     
  assets                                                                    
  Total assets           $              224,932       $         184,863     
  Liabilities and                                                           
  stockholders’                                                             
  deficit                                                                   
  Current                                                                   
  liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts payable       $               18,264       $          31,358     
  Accrued liabilities                    29,025                  19,575     
  Deferred revenue                      100,771                 104,774     
  Loans payable                          11,541                 226,159     
  Capital lease                          10,464                   7,137     
  obligations                                                               
  License obligations                    17,628                  17,748     
  Other current                          29,667                  25,114     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total current                         217,360                 431,865     
  liabilities                                                               
  Loans payable,                        330,232                 185,628     
  long-term                                                                 
  Capital lease                                                             
  obligations,                              791                       —     
  long-term                                                                 
  License                                                                   
  obligations,                           18,054                  18,176     
  long-term                                                                 
  Other long-term                        21,158                  19,264     
  liabilities                                                               
  Total liabilities                     587,595                 654,933     
  Commitments and                                                           
  contingencies (note                                                       
  12)                                                                       
  Stockholders’                                                             
  deficit:                                                                  
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series A, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—113,538,740                           1                       1     
  shares authorized,                                                        
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series B, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—92,502,640                                                          
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  91,145,440 shares                                                         
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series C, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—142,499,110                                                         
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  141,180,416 shares                                                        
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Convertible                                                               
  preferred stock,                                                          
  Series D, $0.00001                                                        
  par                                                                       
  value—65,709,968                                                          
  shares authorized                                                         
  at                                          1                       1     
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020;                                                       
  55,526,655 shares                                                         
  issued and                                                                
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020                                                        
  Common stock,                                                             
  $0.00001 par                                                              
  value—1,450,000,000                                                       
  shares authorized                                                         
  at December 31,                                                           
  2019 and                                                                  
  March 31, 2020;                             7                       7     
  647,379,255 and                                                           
  647,380,255 shares                                                        
  outstanding at                                                            
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  and March 31, 2020,                                                       
  respectively                                                              
  Treasury stock                              1                       1     
  Additional paid-in                    574,197                 575,612     
  capital                                                                   
  Accumulated deficit                  (936,872  )           (1,045,694  )  
  Total stockholders’                  (362,663  )             (470,070  )  
  deficit                                                                   
  Total liabilities                                                         
  and stockholders’      $              224,932       $         184,863     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
                                                              
  a  Derived from audited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
                                                              
F-50

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2019 AND 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                 March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenues                    $         127,451       $          73,705     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                        48,031                  34,798     
  Research and development               20,630                  25,157     
  Sales and marketing                    34,648                  28,745     
  General and                             9,661                  10,224     
  administrative                                                            
  Depreciation and                       14,890                  11,859     
  amortization                                                              
  Total costs and expenses              127,860                 110,783     
  Loss from operations                     (409  )              (37,078  )  
  Interest expense                       (9,380  )              (73,461  )  
  Interest income                            90                      54     
  Other income (expense),                  (151  )                1,699     
  net                                                                       
  Loss before income taxes               (9,850  )             (108,786  )  
  Provision from income                      30                      36     
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss                    $          (9,880  )    $        (108,822  )  
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-51

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31,
2019 AND 2020 (In thousands, except shares)
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-52

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2019 AND 2020
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                 March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating activities:                                                     
  Net loss                    $          (9,880  )    $        (108,822  )  
  Adjustments to reconcile                                                  
  net loss to net                                                           
  cash used in operating                                                    
  activities:                                                               
  Depreciation and                       14,890                  11,859     
  amortization                                                              
  Stock-based compensation                2,529                   1,415     
  Non-cash interest                       4,445                   7,782     
  expense                                                                   
  Amortization of debt                                                      
  discount and                               46                  61,127     
  issuance cost                                                             
  Other non-cash                            (98  )               (1,735  )  
  adjustments                                                               
  Changes in operating                                                      
  assets and                                                                
  liabilities, net of                                                       
  business acquisition:                                                     
                                                                            
  Accounts receivable, net              (15,012  )               (5,239  )  
  Prepaid expenses and                      983                      (3  )  
  other assets                                                              
  Accounts payable                       (8,760  )               13,256     
  Accrued and other                     (11,816  )              (16,544  )  
  current liabilities                                                       
  Deferred revenue                       (5,067  )                4,003     
  Other long-term                             —                     (42  )  
  liabilities                                                               
  Net cash used in                      (27,740  )              (32,943  )  
  operating activities                                                      
  Investing activities:                                                     
  Purchases of property,                                                    
  equipment and                          (3,284  )                 (326  )  
  software                                                                  
  Acquisition of license                                                    
  assets and other                       (9,160  )                    —     
  intangibles                                                               
  Proceeds from sale of                                                     
  property,                                  10                      18     
  equipment and software                                                    
  Net cash used in                      (12,434  )                 (308  )  
  investing activities                                                      
  Financing activities:                                                     
  Proceeds from loans, net                                                  
  of issuance                            11,485                   3,733     
  costs                                                                     
  Principal payments on                                                     
  capital lease                          (6,927  )               (4,113  )  
  obligations                                                               
  Payments on loans                     (11,668  )                    —     
  Proceeds from the                                                         
  exercise of stock                          68                       —     
  options                                                                   
  Net cash used in                       (7,042  )                 (380  )  
  financing activities                                                      
  Net decrease in cash,                                                     
  cash equivalents                      (47,216  )              (33,631  )  
  and restricted cash                                                       
  Cash, cash equivalents                                                    
  and restricted                        118,691                  91,759     
  cash—beginning of period                                                  
  Cash, cash equivalents                                                    
  and restricted              $          71,475       $          58,128     
  cash—end of period                                                        
  Supplemental disclosure                                                   
  of cash flow                                                              
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for income        $              73       $              80     
  taxes, net                                                                
  Cash paid for interest      $           4,889       $           4,689     
  Supplemental disclosure                                                   
  of noncash                                                                
  investing and financing                                                   
  activities:                                                               
  Acquisition of property,                                                  
  equipment and software                                                    
  included in accounts        $             157       $               —     
  payable and accrued                                                       
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock-based compensation                                                  
  included in                                                               
  capitalized internal-use    $             260       $               —     
  software                                                                  
  development costs                                                         
  Issuance of common stock                                                  
  in connection               $         298,186       $               —     
  with waiver of                                                            
  liquidation preference                                                    
                                                                            
See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements F-53

MACHINE ZONE, INC.

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Organization and Description of Business

Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone” or the “Company”), a Delaware
corporation, was formed on January 14, 2008,
under the name Addmired, Inc. On March 28, 2012, the Company changed its
name to Machine Zone, Inc. Machine Zone develops, publishes, and operates
free-to-play mid
to hardcore mobile games worldwide on mobile app partners’ (“Distribution
Partners”) platforms.

The Company
generates revenue from sales of in-game virtual goods through Distribution
Partners. Machine Zone is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) for interim
financial information and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do
not include all of the information and
footnotes required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(consisting of normal accruals) considered for a fair presentation have been
included. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2020 are
not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December
31, 2020. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the Company’s
Audited Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2019.

There have been no material changes to the Company’s
significant accounting policies as of and for the three months ended March
31, 2020, as compared to the significant accounting policies described in
the Company’s Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2019.

The Company’s unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared on
a going-concern basis,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of
liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business.

Liquidity

For the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company has continued to
incur net losses, has negative cash flows from
operations, and a significant decline in revenue and has an accumulated
deficit of $1.0 billion. As of March 31, 2020, the Company has outstanding
loans of approximately $412 million. However, in connection with the merger
with
Applovin Corporation (the “Acquirer” or “Applovin”, see Note 15) on May 19,
2020, these loans were fully repaid. Furthermore in May 2020, the Company
announced a reduction-in-force impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s
employees and a restructuring of its lease facilities in Palo Alto (see Note
15) which in combination significantly reduced its operating
expenses. The Company is in the process of being fully integrated with the
Acquirer as a single combined entity. As a result of these actions, the
Company expects to have sufficient liquidity to sustain its operations and
satisfy any of its
obligations as and when they fall due.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
amounts reported in the condensed financial statements and

F-54

accompanying notes. Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in the
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include, but are not
limited to, the estimated average playing periods of paying players that the
Company uses for revenue recognition, estimated fair value of preferred
stock, common stock, preferred and common stock warrants, stock options and
restricted stock awards issued, useful lives of property and equipment,
internal-usesoftware development costs, estimated fair value of licensed
assets and obligations, accrued liabilities, capital lease obligations, and
deferred tax assets and valuation allowance related to income taxes, as well
as the fair value of debt instruments and embedded derivatives. Actual
results may differ from those estimates. Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Comprehensive income (loss) is equal to net income (loss) for all periods
presented. Concentrations of Credit Risk and Significant Partners Financial
instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentration of
credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and accounts
receivable, net. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents primarily
with major financial institutions in the United States, which management
assesses to be of high credit quality, in order to limit the exposure of
each investment. Distribution Partners accounting for 10% or more of the
Company’s accounts receivable, net were as follows:
                                                                  
                            December 31,       March 31, 2020     
                                    2019          (Unaudited)     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Distribution Partner A              55  %                63  %  
  Distribution Partner B              35  %                29  %  
  Distribution Partner C              10  %                 9  %  
                                                                  
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Revenue Recognition In May 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued new guidance on revenue
from contracts with customers. The new standard provides principle for
recognizing revenue when control of promised goods or services is
transferred to customers with the expected consideration in exchange for
those goods or services, as well as guidance on the recognition of costs
related to obtaining and fulfilling customer contracts. The standard also
requires expanded disclosures about the nature, amount, timing, and
uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets
recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The Company
adopted the standard on January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective
method, which was applied to customer contracts that were not completed as
of January 1, 2019. The Company’s results of operations beginning after
January 1, 2019 are presented in accordance with ASC 606, while prior
periods continue to be reported in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue
Recognition. The most significant impact of adopting the new revenue
standard was to record the platform service charges as costs of revenue in
the period incurred. Although the platform service charges are incremental
in nature, these charges are not costs incurred solely in the Company’s
effort to obtain the contract and there are no sales or marketing efforts
made by the platform providers. As platform service charges do not clearly
meet the criteria for capitalization as either incremental costs of
obtaining a contract or fulfillment costs, such charges are expensed as
incurred. F-55

As a result of adopting the new revenue standard, the following adjustments
were made to the Company’s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet at
January 1, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                                                 
  Consolida…                                                                
  Balance             December                               January 1,     
  Sheets              31, 2018          Adjustments          2019           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $       38,884       $  (38,884      )    $  —              
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…          (961,224  )       (38,884      )       (1,000,108  )  
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                                                 
  Consolida…                                Amount          Changes due     
  Statements                               without                   to     
  of               Amount as           adoption of          adoption of     
  Operations        reported               ASC 606              ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of       $     48,031       $        49,575       $       (1,544  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  costs and          127,860               129,404               (1,544  )  
  expenses                                                                  
  Loss from             (409  )             (1,953  )             1,544     
  operations                                                                
  Loss                                                                      
  before              (9,850  )            (11,394  )             1,544     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss            (9,880  )            (11,424  )             1,544     
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2019
(unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Unaudited                                                                 
  Condensed                                 Amount          Changes due     
  Consolida…                               without                   to     
  Balance          Amount as           adoption of          adoption of     
  Sheets           reported                ASC 606              ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $  —               $        37,340       $      (37,340  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…       (711,802   )           (713,346  )             1,544     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Adopted Leases In February 2016,
the FASB issued new guidance on lease accounting. Among its provision, the
standard requires lessees to recognize right-of-useassets and lease
liabilities on the balance sheets for operating leases and also requires
additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about lease
arrangements. This new guidance will be effective for its fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2021. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance
on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Income Tax
In December 2019, the FASB issued guidance that simplifies the accounting
for incomes taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles
in ASC 740, Income taxes, and amending existing guidance to improve
consistent application. For private entities, the new guidance will be
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim
periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Most
amendments within this standard are required to be applied on a prospective
basis, while certain amendments must be applied on a retrospective or
modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. F-56

3. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2019
and March 31, 2020, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                         
                                      December 31,       March 31, 2020  
                                              2019          (Unaudited)  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash                             $        44,353    $          14,456  
  Restricted cash (See Note 12)             13,057               13,057  
  Money market funds                        34,349               30,615  
  Total                            $        91,759    $          58,128  
                                                                         
4. Fair Value Measurements The Company accounts for its financial assets and
liabilities at fair value in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures (“ASC 820”). ASC 820 establishes a three-tier
fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair
value as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active
markets for identical, unrestricted assets, or liabilities. Level 2—Quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities or inputs other than quoted prices
in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly. Level
3—Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which
requires the Company to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation
techniques include use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow
models, and similar techniques. The following table summarizes the Company’s
financial instruments’ classification within the fair value hierarchy as of
December 31, 2019 as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $        —    $  13,057  
  Money market             34,349       —                   —       34,349  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   47,406    $  —          $        —    $  47,406  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
  liabilities                                                               
                                                                            
The following table summarizes the Company’s financial instruments’
classification within the fair value hierarchy as of March 31, 2020 as
follows (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $  —          $  13,057  
  Money market             30,615       —             —             30,615  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   43,672    $  —          $  —          $  43,672  
                                                                            
F-57

The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in connection with the
issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 (See Note 8) and are carried at
zero fair value in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of December 31,
2019 and March 31, 2020. For determination of the derivative liabilities and
fair value changes for the three months ended March 31, 2020, please see
Note 9. Derivative Liabilities. 5. License Assets and License Obligations
The Company entered into an agreement in October 2016 to use a third-party
content in the Company’s game. The Company records these license payments as
a license asset and a license obligation at the fair value on the contract
date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The license asset is amortized
on a straight-line method over the license term. For the three months ended
March 31, 2019 and 2020, license asset amortization of $4.4 million and $4.4
million, respectively, were recognized in the unaudited condensed
consolidated statements of operations. The expected future amortization
expense of license assets as of March 31, 2020 is as follows (unaudited, in
thousands):
                                          
  Years Ending December 31,               
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020            $  13,261  
  2021                            17,633  
  Total                        $  30,894  
                                          
During the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, the Company recorded
interest expense of $0.3 million and $0.2 million for the license
obligations, respectively. The unrealized and realized foreign currency gain
or loss was not material for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively. The following table summarizes the future license payments for
the Company’s license obligations at March 31, 2020 (unaudited, in
thousands):
                                                           
  Years Ending December 31,                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                         $   18,431     
  2021                                          18,431     
  Total license payments                        36,862     
  Less:                                                    
  Imputed interest                                (938  )  
  Current portion of license obligations       (17,748  )  
  License obligations, long-term            $   18,176     
                                                           
6. Accrued and Other Current Liabilities Accrued current liabilities at
December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, consist of the following (in
thousands):
                                                              
                           December 31,       March 31, 2020  
                                   2019          (Unaudited)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Payroll related       $        23,551    $          12,997  
  Marketing expenses              4,594                5,634  
  Other                             566                  484  
  Legal fees                        314                  460  
  Total                 $        29,025    $          19,575  
                                                              
F-58

Other current liabilities at December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, consist
of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                            March 31, 2020  
                                    December 31, 2019          (Unaudited)  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Other taxes payable            $             12,772    $          12,653  
  Office lease: cease-use                      13,769                9,348  
  obligation                                                                
  Other                                         3,126                3,113  
  Total                          $             29,667    $          25,114  
                                                                            
7. Debt Loan Facilities As of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, the
outstanding borrowing under the revolving line of credit was $11.6 million
and $15.3 million, respectively. The interest rates were 6% for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 and ranging from 3.75% to 5.25% for the three
months ended March 31, 2020. The loan facilities are due on July 31, 2020.
Debt Financing In February 2018, the Company entered into a financing
agreement (“Financing Agreement”) with a financial institution for a
principal amount of $200.0 million. The agreement was amended in March, June
and July 2019 to modify and/or eliminate certain of its financial covenants.
Under the terms of the Financing Agreement, as amended, the Company is
required to maintain minimum liquidity of $30 million through June 2020, $40
million in July 2020 and then $60 million for the remaining term of the
Financing Agreement (February 2021). Interest only monthly payments are due
in arrears, and the principal, paid-in-kindand all accrued but unpaid
interest is due on February 1, 2021. For the three months ended March 31,
2019 and 2020, the interest rate was 15.99% and 15.09%, respectively. The
Company incurred interest expense of $8.1 million and $8.1 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The Company was in
compliance with the covenant requirements through March 31, 2020. 8.
Convertible Promissory Notes On July 12, 2019, the Company issued $142.9
million in convertible promissory notes (“Convertible Notes”). These
Convertible Notes are recorded as part of the Loans Payable, Long-term. The
Convertible Notes bear interest of 10% per annum and mature on the second
anniversary of the issuance date. The following table sets forth the
components of the Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2019 and March 31,
2020 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                         March 31, 2020     
                              December 31, 2019             (Unaudited)     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Principal                $            142,857       $         142,857     
  300% settlement                                                           
  amount in excess of                                                       
  principal and                         345,714                 345,714     
  paid-in-kind interest                                                     
  at                                                                        
  maturity                                                                  
  Unamortized debt                     (374,308  )             (313,237  )  
  discount                                                                  
  Net carrying amount      $            114,263       $         175,334     
                                                                            
F-59

The following table sets forth interest expense recognized related to the
Convertible Notes for the three months ended March 31, 2020 (in thousands):
                                                              
                                          Three months Ended  
                                              March 31, 2020  
                                                 (Unaudited)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Paid-in-kind interest                $               3,562  
  expense                                                     
  Amortization of debt discount                       61,071  
  Total interest expense recognized    $              64,633  
                                                              
9. Derivative Liabilities The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in
connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 and are
carried at fair value, which is calculated using a model that is based on
discounted cash flows. The model stimulates different outcomes for the
expected period to maturity, financing or next probable transaction. As of
December 31, 2019, the derivative liabilities were deemed to have zero value
since the fair value of the convertible note with embedded derivative is
lower than the fair value of the convertible note without the embedded
derivatives. Similarly, as of March 31, 2020, the fair value of the
derivative liabilities were deemed to still have a zero value as the
conversion features of the embedded derivatives still had no incremental
value to the holders. 10. Capital Lease Obligations Capital leases
outstanding at March 31, 2020 generally have a three-year term and mature at
various dates until 2021, and bear interest rates ranging from 5.53% to
12.31% per annum. The Company recorded $0.5 million and $0.2 million of
interest expense in relation to the capital lease arrangements for the three
months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The present value of
future minimum lease payments under the Company’s capital lease obligations
at March 31, 2020 is as follows (unaudited, in thousands):
                                                        
  Years Ending December 31,                             
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                       $   6,523     
  2021                                          797     
  Total minimum lease payments                7,320     
  Less:                                                 
  Imputed interest                             (183  )  
  Current portion of capital lease           (7,137  )  
  obligations                                           
  Capital lease obligations, long-term    $       —     
                                                        
11. Stock Warrants As of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, the Company
has outstanding warrants for 1,357,200 shares of convertible Series B
preferred stock and 3,552,790 shares of common stock, respectively. The fair
value of the warrants as of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020,
respectively:
                                                                            
                                                            March 31, 2020  
                                    December 31, 2019       (Unaudited)     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Convertible Series B                                                      
  preferred stock                $                752    $  —               
  warrants                                                                  
  Common stock warrant                            978       —               
  Total warrant liabilities      $              1,730    $  —               
                                                                            
F-60

The warrant liabilities are reported in the Other Long-Term Liabilities of
the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. For the three months
ended March 31, 2019, the change in the fair value of the warrants was not
material. For the three months ended March 31, 2020, the change in the fair
value of the warrants was $1.7 million and was recorded in other income
(expense), net, in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of
operations. 12. Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases The Company
leases office and colocation facilities under non-cancellableoperating lease
and sublease agreements that expire at various terms through 2028. The
following summarizes the future minimum payments under the Company’s
operating leases, subleases, colocation facility, and sublease proceeds
under non-cancelableoperating leases at March 31, 2020 (unaudited, in
thousands):
                                                          
  Years Ending December 31,                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Remaining of 2020                        $   20,589     
  2021                                         26,840     
  2022                                         21,652     
  2023                                         16,747     
  2024                                         17,250     
  Thereafter                                   63,723     
  Total minimum lease payments                166,801     
  Less: non-cancellable sublease income       (21,028  )  
  Total                                    $  145,773     
                                                          
For the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020, rent expense was $4.1
million and $4.0 million, respectively. Letter of Credit Agreements As of
March 30, 2020, the Company has the following three letter of credit
agreements (“LOCs”):
                                                                            
       Two standby LOCs with a bank in lieu of a deposit under the          
       Company’s sublease agreements for certain office                     
  •    buildings. Under these two LOCs, the Company’s landlord can draw up  
       to $13.1 million under certain conditions. These LOCs are required   
       through June 2027.                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       One standby LOC with a bank that provides for a $6.8 million         
       irrevocable LOC for a sublease agreement. The LOCs may               
       not exceed the aggregate loan value of the collateral, which is      
  •    defined as all assets held or to be held in custody accounts,        
       safeguarding accounts, investment management accounts, and/or other  
       accounts with the bank. The Company is in compliance                 
       with this requirement through March 31, 2020. This LOC is required   
       through July 2022.                                                   
                                                                            
No amounts were drawn against the LOCs during the periods presented. F-61

Purchase Obligations As of March 31, 2020, the Company had no additional
material purchase obligations. Legal Matters The Company is at times
involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the normal course of
business. Such matters are subject to uncertainties and outcomes and are not
predictable with assurance. The Company assesses the probability of
incurring any such losses and whether or not those losses are estimable.
Amounts are accrued that are believed to be adequate to address any
liabilities related to legal proceedings and other loss contingencies that
are reasonably estimable. On October 27, 2020, Machine Zone and Epic Action
were served with a complaint for a putative class action alleging statutory
claims for violation of California Unfair Competition Law and unjust
enrichment—in connection with sales of virtual packs in Final Fantasy XV: A
New Empire. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims
and, based on information currently available, it does not anticipate that
this matter will result in a materially unfavorable outcome. 13.
Stockholders’ Deficit Convertible Preferred Stock The convertible preferred
stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and March 31,
2020 (unaudited), is as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                   Shares                                   
                                   Issued            Net         Aggregate  
                   Shares             and       Carrying       Liquidation  
               Authorized     Outstanding         Amount        Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740     113,538,740    $     4,881    $            —  
  Series B     92,502,640      91,145,440          7,345                 —  
  Series C    142,499,110     141,180,416        134,121            93,370  
  Series D     65,709,968      55,526,655         62,190            53,667  
  Total       414,250,458     401,391,251    $   208,537    $      147,037  
                                                                            
Changes of Liquidation Right In March 2019, the Company completed a
recapitalization whereby all holders of Series A and Series B preferred
waived 100% of their liquidation preference. The arrangement was accounted
as a modification but does not have any impact on the Company’s consolidated
financials. Additionally, as part of the recapitalization, all holders of
Series C and certain holders of Series D agreed to voluntarily convert at
least 75% of the shares of its each Series C and Series D shares into common
stock immediately prior to a liquidation event in exchange for an additional
185 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock. The exchange was accounted
for as an extinguishment in the Series C and Series D Preferred Stock. The
difference between the fair value of the total consideration transferred and
the carrying value of the Series C and D extinguished is recorded to
retained earnings (accumulated deficit). Accordingly, the Company recorded
$298.2 million against the accumulated deficit for the three months ended
March 31, 2019. F-62

Stock Incentive Plan The stock option activity under the Company’s stock
plans during the three months ended March 31, 2020 is as follows
(unaudited):
                                                                            
                                                  Weighted                  
                                                   Average                  
                                    Weighted     Remaining                  
                                     Average    Contractu…       Aggregate  
                 Number of          Exercise          Term       Intrinsic  
                    Shares             Price       (Years)       Value      
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance—…    136,616,617       $      0.42          6.96                  
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Options                —                 —                                
  granted                                                                   
  Options           (1,000  )    $      0.49                  $  —          
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (11,974,173  )    $      0.28                                
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    124,641,444       $      0.43          6.74                  
  31, 2020                                                                  
                                                                            
Stock-Based Compensation Stock Options The Company’s assumptions used in
determining the fair value for grants during the three months ended March
31, 2019 are as follows; there were no stock options granted during the
three months ended March 31, 2020.
                                                      
                               Three Months Ended     
                                   March 31, 2019     
                                      (Unaudited)     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Expected terms (in years)                  6.03     
  Expected volatility                       42.98  %  
  Expected dividend yield                       —     
  Risk-free interest rate                    2.61  %  
                                                      
Expected Term—The Company’s expected term represents the period of time that
the Company’s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is
determined using the simplified method described in the Staff Accounting
Bulletin (SAB) No. 107, as amended by SAB No. 110, Share-Based Payment.
Expected Volatility—Expected volatility is estimated using comparable public
company volatility for similar expected term. Expected Dividend—The Black-
Scholes valuation model calls for a single expected dividend yield as an
input, and the Company has never paid dividends and has no plans to pay
dividends. Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest rate used in the
Black-Scholes valuation model is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon
issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the
expected term of the option. Estimated Forfeitures—The Company uses an
annual estimated forfeiture rate based on the Company’s actual historical
forfeitures. F-63

Restricted Stock Awards The Company’s Restricted Stock Awards activity for
the three months ended March 31, 2020 is as follows (unaudited):
                                                                      
                                                            Weighted  
                                                             Average  
                                                               Grant  
                                           Number of       Date Fair  
                                          Restricted       Value per  
                                        Stock Awards           Share  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     133,980,508    $       0.51  
  Granted                                          —               —  
  Vested                                           —               —  
  Cancelled/forfeited                              —               —  
  Unvested balance—March 31, 2020        133,980,508    $       0.51  
                                                                      
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units The Company’s Performance-Based
Restricted Stock Units activity for the three months ended March 31, 2020 is
as follows (unaudited):
                                                                        
                                                              Weighted  
                                          Number of            Average  
                                        Performance              Grant  
                                              Based          Date Fair  
                                         Restricted          Value per  
                                        Stock Units              Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     38,005,982       $       0.92  
  Granted                                13,459,185       $       0.63  
  Vested                                          —                  —  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (7,512,338  )    $       0.42  
  Unvested balance—March 31, 2020        43,952,829       $       0.92  
                                                                        
The stock-based compensation expense recognized for the three months ended
March 31, 2019 and 2020 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                Three Months Ended                          
                                       (Unaudited)                          
                                    March 31, 2019          March 31, 2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue            $                 231       $             118  
  Research and                               1,691                     948  
  development                                                               
  Sales and marketing                          321                     108  
  General and                                  546                     241  
  administrative                                                            
                                             2,789                   1,415  
  Less: capitalization                        (260  )                    —  
  Total                      $               2,529       $           1,415  
                                                                            
14. Income Taxes On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic
Security, or CARES, Act was enacted and signed into law. The CARES Act did
not have a material impact on the income tax provision for the three months
ended March 31, 2020. F-64

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method.
The
provision for income taxes recorded in interim periods is recorded by
applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date income
before provision for income
taxes, excluding the effects of significant unusual or infrequently
occurring discrete items and jurisdictions where annual effective tax rate
cannot be reasonably estimated. In these cases, the Company will determine
the actual effective tax rate
for the year-to-date period. The tax effects of discrete items are recorded
in the same period that the related discrete items are reported and results
in a difference
between the actual effective tax rate and the estimated annual effective tax
rate.

The provision for income taxes of $30 thousands
and $36 thousands for the three months ended March 31, 2019 and 2020,
respectively, represented primarily estimated state income taxes. This
diverged from the combined U.S. federal and state statutory tax rate due to
the valuation allowance on
the Company’s U.S. deferred taxes.

The amount of gross uncertain tax positions was immaterial as of December
31, 2019 and
March 31, 2020. The amount of unrecognized tax positions that, if
recognized, would affect the rates was immaterial and any change in the
uncertain tax over the next twelve months would be immaterial as of December
31, 2019 and
March 31, 2020.

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to US federal and state income
taxation as well as foreign income
taxation. The Company is not under income tax examinations by any Federal,
State or Foreign taxing authorities.

15. Subsequent Events

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through December 2, 2020, the
issuance date of the condensed consolidated interim
financial statements, to determine whether they should be disclosed to keep
the condensed consolidated interim financial statements from being
misleading. The Company noted the following subsequent events that should be
disclosed:

Reduction in Force

In May 2020, the Company announced a reduction-in-force
impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s employees.

Merger

In May 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with Applovin
pursuant to which the Company will be a wholly owned
subsidiary of the Acquirer (the “Acquisition”). The Acquisition was
completed and closed on May 19, 2020. As part of the merger agreement, the
Acquirer assumed or extinguished through payments of cash and equity and
assumed the
Company’s accounts receivable loan and Financing Agreement, outstanding
Convertible Notes, capital and operating leases, trade payables and the
remaining Series C and Series D liquidation preference.

Lease Termination

In connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into a lease
amendment arrangement with the landlord for the Company’s
buildings located at 1100 and 1200 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA. Under the
lease amendment, the Company and the landlord agreed to terminate the
Company’s sublease arrangement for the 1200 Page Mill Road building, release
the Company from its
payment obligation under a pre-existing lease termination agreement with
landlord and release the letter of credit held by the landlord with respect
to the building located at 1200 Page Mill Road. In
consideration of the early termination, the Acquirer made a payment in cash
equal to the letter of credit currently in place on 1200 Page Mill Road and
issued warrants of the Acquirer’s common stock.

F-65

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019

F-66

Independent Auditors’ Report The Board of Directors Machine Zone, Inc. Palo
Alto, California: Report on the Financial Statements We have audited the
accompanying financial statements of Machine Zone, Inc. and its
subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December
31, 2018 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes to the consolidated financial statements. Management’s
Responsibility for the Financial Statements Management is responsible for
the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial
statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles;
this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal
control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error. Auditors’ Responsibility Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the
amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The
procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgment, including the
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk
assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity’s
preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. Accordingly, we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that the audit evidence
we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
audit opinion. Opinion In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Machine Zone, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2018
and 2019, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the
years then ended in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.
                           
  /s/ KPMG LLP             
  Santa Clara, California  
  June 10, 2020            
 ───────────────────────── 
                           
F-67

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31,
2018 AND 2019
                                                                            
  (In thousands, except share and per                                       
  share information)                                                        
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets:                                2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents               $   118,691       $    91,759     
  Accounts receivable, net                     28,698            20,644     
  Deferred cost of revenue                     38,884                 —     
  Prepaid expenses and other current            5,623             3,815     
  assets                                                                    
  Total current assets                        191,896           116,218     
  Property, equipment and software,            93,802            64,701     
  net                                                                       
  License assets, net                          52,947            35,314     
  Goodwill                                      3,438             3,438     
  Intangible assets, net                        3,266             2,270     
  Other noncurrent assets                       3,240             2,991     
  Total assets                            $   348,589       $   224,932     
  Liabilities and stockholders’                                             
  deficit                                                                   
  Current liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts payable                        $    33,390       $    18,264     
  Accrued liabilities                          29,091            29,025     
  Deferred revenue                            128,008           100,771     
  Loans payable                                11,668            11,541     
  Capital lease obligations                    23,870            10,464     
  License obligations                          17,099            17,628     
  Other current liabilities                    20,545            29,667     
  Total current liabilities                   263,671           217,360     
  Loans payable, long-term                    213,407           330,232     
  Capital lease obligations, long-term         10,088               791     
  License obligations, long-term               35,182            18,054     
  Other long-term liabilities                  21,236            21,158     
  Total liabilities                           543,584           587,595     
  Commitments and contingencies (Note                                       
  14)                                                                       
  Stockholders’ deficit:                                                    
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  A, $0.00001 par value—113,538,740                                         
  shares authorized, issued and                     1                 1     
  outstanding at December 31, 2018 and                                      
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  B, $0.00001 par value—92,502,640                                          
  shares authorized at December 31,                                         
  2018 and December 31, 2019;                       1                 1     
  91,145,440 shares issued and                                              
  outstanding at December 31, 2018 and                                      
  December 31, 2019                                                         
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  C, $0.00001 par value—142,499,110                                         
  shares authorized at December 31,                                         
  2018 and December 31, 2019;                       1                 1     
  142,499,110 shares and 141,180,416                                        
  shares issued and outstanding at                                          
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Convertible preferred stock, Series                                       
  D, $0.00001 par value—77,599,580                                          
  shares and 65,709,968 shares                                              
  authorized at December 31, 2018 and                                       
  December 31, 2019, respectively;                  1                 1     
  65,709,968 shares and 55,526,655                                          
  shares issued and outstanding at                                          
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Common stock, $0.00001 par                                                
  value—1,450,000,000 shares                                                
  authorized at December 31, 2018 and                                       
  December 31, 2019; 464,727,830 and                5                 7     
  647,379,255 shares outstanding at                                         
  December 31, 2018 and December 31,                                        
  2019, respectively                                                        
  Treasury stock                                    3                 1     
  Additional paid-in capital                  766,217           574,197     
  Accumulated deficit                        (961,224  )       (936,872  )  
  Total stockholders’ deficit                (194,995  )       (362,663  )  
  Total liabilities and stockholders’     $   348,589       $   224,932     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-68

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019
                                                                            
  (In thousands)                                 2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenues                                 $  829,104       $   400,300     
  Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of revenue                             344,032           161,023     
  Research and development                    109,596            93,979     
  Sales and marketing                         149,508            98,586     
  General and administrative                   45,274            63,802     
  Depreciation and amortization                82,089            56,478     
  Total costs and expenses                    730,499           473,868     
  Income (loss) from operations                98,605           (73,568  )  
  Interest expense                            (33,991  )       (170,137  )  
  Interest income                                 415               363     
  Other income (expense), net                 (12,058  )          7,921     
  Income (loss) before income taxes            52,971          (235,421  )  
  Provision (benefit) from income taxes          (118  )            673     
  Net income (loss)                        $   53,089       $  (236,094  )  
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-69

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’
DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019 (In thousands, except
shares)
                                                                            
                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-70

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019 (In thousands)
                                                                            
  Operating activities:                          2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)                       $    53,089       $  (236,094  )  
  Adjustments to reconcile net income                                       
  (loss) to net cash used in operating                                      
  activities:                                                               
  Depreciation and amortization                82,089            56,478     
  Stock-based compensation                     13,306             7,429     
  Asset impairment                              3,053               798     
  Non-cash interest expense                     9,517            16,244     
  Amortization of debt discount and             2,080           126,441     
  issuance cost                                                             
  Other non-cash adjustments                   10,902            (7,155  )  
  Changes in operating assets and                                           
  liabilities, net of business                                              
  acquisition:                                                              
                                                                            
  Accounts receivable, net                     61,582             8,022     
  Deferred cost of revenue                     76,455                 —     
  Prepaid expenses and other assets            17,135             2,054     
  Accounts payable                            (28,620  )        (14,997  )  
  Accrued and other current                   (78,162  )          3,207     
  liabilities                                                               
  Deferred revenue                           (253,045  )        (27,237  )  
  Other long-term liabilities                  (8,073  )            216     
  Net cash used in operating                  (38,692  )        (64,594  )  
  activities                                                                
  Investing activities:                                                     
  Purchases of property, equipment and        (32,761  )         (9,850  )  
  software                                                                  
  Acquisition of license assets and                                         
  other                                           (15  )        (16,519  )  
  intangibles                                                               
  Proceeds from sale of property,               1,069               188     
  equipment and software                                                    
  Changes in deposits                              59                 —     
  Net cash used in investing                  (31,648  )        (26,181  )  
  activities                                                                
  Financing activities:                                                     
  Proceeds from loans, net of issuance        187,768           121,329     
  costs                                                                     
  Retirement of common stock                     (185  )              —     
  Principal payments on capital lease         (45,991  )        (22,854  )  
  obligations                                                               
  Payments on loans                          (118,837  )        (34,811  )  
  Proceeds from the exercise of stock           1,125               179     
  options                                                                   
  Proceeds from issuance of restricted              1                 —     
  stock awards                                                              
  Net cash provided by financing               23,881            63,843     
  activities                                                                
  Net decrease in cash, cash                                                
  equivalents                                 (46,459  )        (26,932  )  
  and restricted cash                                                       
  Cash, cash equivalents and                                                
  restricted                                  165,150           118,691     
  cash—Beginning of year                                                    
  Cash, cash equivalents and                                                
  restricted                              $   118,691       $    91,759     
  cash—End of year                                                          
  Supplemental disclosure of cash flow                                      
  information:                                                              
  Cash paid for income taxes, net         $     1,087       $       267     
  Cash paid for interest                  $    22,094       $    27,452     
  Supplemental disclosure of noncash                                        
  investing and financing activities:                                       
  Property, equipment and software        $    14,802       $         —     
  acquired under capital leases                                             
  Acquisition of property, equipment                                        
  and                                                                       
  software included in accounts           $     1,141       $       821     
  payable                                                                   
  and accrued liabilities                                                   
  Stock-based compensation included in                                      
  capitalized internal-use software       $       648       $       447     
  development costs                                                         
  Issuance of common stock warrants in    $     1,100       $         —     
  connection with loan                                                      
  Issuance of common stock in                                               
  connection                              $         —       $   298,186     
  with waiver of liquidation                                                
  preference                                                                
  Conversion of preferred shares into     $         —       $    32,805     
  convertible promissory notes                                              
  Beneficial conversion features in                                         
  connection with issuance of             $         —       $   132,065     
  convertible                                                               
  notes                                                                     
                                                                            
See notes to consolidated financial statements F-71

MACHINE ZONE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2018 AND 2019

1. Organization and Description of Business

Machine Zone, Inc. (“Machine Zone” or the “Company”), a Delaware
corporation, was formed on January 14, 2008,
under the name Addmired, Inc. On March 28, 2012, the Company changed its
name to Machine Zone, Inc. Machine Zone develops, publishes, and operates
free-to-play mid
to hardcore mobile games worldwide on mobile app partners’ (“Distribution
Partners”) platforms.

The Company
generates most of its revenue from sales of in-game virtual goods, and to a
lesser extent, digital advertising management services offered to third
parties (“Digital Advertising Services”). As of
December 31, 2018, the Company ceased providing the Digital Advertising
Services. Machine Zone is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company and its
wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated upon consolidation.

The Company’s financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and
the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of
business.

Liquidity

For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company has incurred a net loss,
negative cash flows from operations, and a significant
decline in revenue and has an accumulated deficit of $936.9 million as of
December 31, 2019. As a result of these factors, the Company does not have
sufficient liquidity to sustain its operations, capital expenditures, and
lease payments
for a period of twelve months following the issuance of the financial
statements. The Company was acquired by Applovin Corporation, and became its
wholly-owned subsidiary, on May 19, 2020 (see Note 18). Applovin Corporation
has committed to provide
the necessary financial support to the Company sufficient for it to satisfy
its obligations and debt service requirements, if any, as and when they are
due, through and including June 30, 2021.

Use of Estimates

The
preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and
liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements, and the
reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods.
Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in the consolidated
financial statements include, but
are not limited to, the estimated average playing periods of paying players
that the Company uses for revenue recognition, estimated fair value of
preferred stock, common stock, preferred and common stock warrants, stock
options and restricted stock
awards issued, useful lives of property and

F-72

equipment, internal-usesoftware development costs, estimated fair value of
licensed assets and obligations, accrued liabilities, capital lease
obligations, and deferred tax assets and valuation allowance related to
income taxes, as well as the fair value of debt instruments and embedded
derivatives. These estimates are based on information available as of the
date of the consolidated financial statements; therefore, actual results
could differ from management’s estimates. Foreign Currency The functional
currency of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Monetary
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are re-measuredinto
U.S. dollars from the local currency at exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet dates. Realized foreign exchange gains and losses on foreign
currency transactions are recorded in other income (expense), net, in the
consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2019, foreign currency net loss was $2.4 million and $1.1 million,
respectively. Comprehensive Income (Loss) Comprehensive income (loss) is
equal to net income (loss) for all years presented. Concentrations of Credit
Risk and Significant Partners Financial instruments, which potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk, consist primarily of
cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable, net. The Company places
its cash and cash equivalents primarily with major financial institutions in
the United States, which management assesses to be of high credit quality,
in order to limit the exposure of each investment. Distribution Partners
accounting for 10% or more of the Company’s accounts receivable, net were as
follows:
                                                
  December 31,              2018       2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Distribution Partner A      50  %      55  %  
  Distribution Partner B      39  %      35  %  
  Distribution Partner C      11  %      10  %  
                                                
Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all investments purchased
with an original or remaining maturity of three months or less at the date
of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, within
cash and cash equivalents, the Company has restricted cash balances of $28.0
million and $13.1 million, respectively, on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. These restricted cash balances are primarily cash deposits
to back letters of credit related to certain operating leases and capital
leases. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable, net, is unsecured and
primarily represents amounts due to the Company under contracts with
Distribution Partners and customers of the Company’s Digital Advertising
Services. In cases where the Company is aware of circumstances that may
impair a specific Distribution Partner or customer’s ability to meet its
financial obligations, the Company records a specific allowance as a
reduction to the accounts receivable balance. F-73

Property, Equipment, and Software Property, equipment and software, net, is
stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Computer
equipment and software includes assets acquired under capital lease
arrangements. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-
line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally two to
five years, as follows:
                                                                            
  Computer equipment and software      3 years                              
  Computer equipment and software      Shorter of lease term or expected    
  under                                useful life                          
  capital lease arrangements                                                
  Internal-use software development    2-3 years                            
  costs                                                                     
  Furniture and fixtures               5 years                              
  Leasehold improvements               Shorter of lease term or expected    
                                       useful life                          
                                                                            
Operating Lease obligations The Company leases office space under non-
cancelableoperating leases with various expiration dates through 2028.
Certain of the Company’s operating lease agreements contain tenant
improvement allowances from its landlords. These allowances are accounted
for as lease incentive obligations, and are amortized as reductions to rent
expense over the lease term. In addition, certain operating lease agreements
contain rent concessions, rent escalations and options to renew. Rent
concession and rent escalation provisions are considered in determining the
rent expense to be recorded over the lease term. The lease term begins on
the date the Company has the right to use the leased property and rent
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
The Company does not assume that its operating leases will be renewed at
lease inception. Capital Lease obligations The Company leases certain
equipment from various third parties through equipment financing leases
under capital leases. These leases either include a bargain purchase option,
a full transfer of ownership at the completion of the lease term, or the
terms of the leases are at least 75 percent of the useful lives of the
assets and are therefore classified as a capital leases. These leases are
capitalized in property, equipment and software, net, and the related
depreciation expenses under capital leases are included in depreciation and
amortization expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.
Initial asset values and lease obligations are based on the lower of the
fair value or the present value of future minimum lease payments. See Note
12. Capital Lease Obligations. Internal-UseSoftware Development Costs Costs
related to internal-usesoftware development are accounted for in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 350-40, Intangibles—Internal-
UseSoftware, and are included in property, equipment and software, net, in
the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The Company capitalizes costs
incurred to develop its internal-usesoftware relating to the games and
software applications during the application development stage, if it is
probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used as
intended. The application development stage occurs after management has
approved to fund the project. Costs incurred prior to meeting these
criteria, together with costs incurred for training and maintenance, are
expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful life of the internal-usesoftware (the period
for which the software is expected to contribute to future cash flows),
generally two to three years, beginning when the asset is ready for its
intended use. F-74

For internally developed software, interest cost is capitalized for the
period of time
it takes to develop the software for its intended use. During the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company capitalized $1.6 million and
$0.5 million of interest expense, respectively.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of such assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held
and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to
future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets.
If such assets are
considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by
the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value
of the assets. The Company recorded impairment charges of approximately $3.1
million and $0
for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

Goodwill

Goodwill is carried at cost and evaluated in the fourth quarter of the
Company’s fiscal year annually for impairment, or more
frequently if circumstances exist that indicate that impairment may exist.
When conducting the annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company
performs a quantitative evaluation of whether goodwill is impaired using the
two-step impairment test. The Company records the amount by which the
carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, if any, as
impairment expense in the consolidated statements of operations in each
reporting period. The Company performed its goodwill evaluation as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, and did not record any goodwill impairment.

Intangible Assets

Definite-lived intangible assets are carried at cost, less accumulated
amortization. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets, generally five years, and are assessed for potential impairment when
events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts might be
impaired. There was no
impairment of definite-lived intangible assets for the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2019.

Indefinite-lived intangible
assets other than goodwill are carried at cost and evaluated in the fourth
quarter of the Company’s fiscal year annually for impairment, or more
frequently if circumstances exist that indicate that impairment may exist.
The Company recorded
impairment charges of approximately $0 and $0.8 million for indefinite-lived
intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

License Assets and License Obligations

The Company licenses intellectual property from third parties for use of
their licensed content in the Company’s game. The licensing
agreements include license payments, which are due over the terms of the
agreements. When no significant performance obligation remains with the
licensor, the Company records these license payments as a license asset and
a license obligation at the
fair value on the contract date, based on a discounted cash flow model. The
amortization of the licensed asset commences when the licensed product is
launched and is recorded in depreciation and amortization on a straight-line
method over the
remaining license terms or estimated useful life of the licensed product,
whichever is shorter. The classification of the license obligations between
current and long-term is based on the expected timing of the payments to the
licensor.

To evaluate the future recoverability of a license asset, the Company
considers the terms of the agreements, game development plans,
forecasted and actual financial performance of the game, as

F-75

well as, other qualitative factors, such as, the success of similar games
and similar genres launched by the Company or competitors. If the licensed
asset is considered impaired, the impairment charge to be recognized is
measured by the amount that the carrying amount of the license asset exceeds
the fair value of the asset. Any impairment charge determined before the
launch of a game is expensed to research and development, while any
impairment charge determined post-launch is expensed to cost of revenue in
the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. The Company did not
record any impairment charge for the license assets for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019. See Note 7. License Assets and License
Obligations. Treasury Stock The Company records treasury stock activities
under the cost method whereby the cost of the acquired stock is recorded as
treasury stock. The policy over the formal retirement of treasury stock is
to deduct the par value from common stock and to reflect the excess of cost
over par value, if any, as a deduction from additional paid-incapital (to
the extent created by previous issuances of the shares) and thereafter from
retained earnings. Revenue Recognition The Company derives revenue
principally from the sale of in-gamevirtual goods within the Company’s
mobile games available for purchase in-appthrough its Distribution Partners.
In 2018, the Company derived a small portion of its revenue from its Digital
Advertising Services. As of December 31, 2018, the Company ceased providing
Digital Advertising Services. On January 1, 2019, the Company adopted the
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers(“ASC 606”) and its related amendments using the modified
retrospective method. Refer to the Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
section below for the impact of the adoption on the Company’s consolidated
financial statements. In accordance with ASC 606, the Company determines
revenue recognition through the following steps:
                                                                       
  •    Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer.  
                                                                       
                                                                       
  •    Identification of the performance obligations in the contract.  
                                                                       
                                                
  •    Determination of the transaction price.  
                                                
                                                                            
  •    Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations   
       in the contract.                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies            
       performance obligations.                                             
                                                                            
Revenue is recorded net of the sales tax collected by the Company’s
Distribution Partners from the paying-players. Mobile Games The Company
develops and offers mobile games that allow players to download and play the
game for free on their mobile devices. The Company’s games are distributed
through its Distribution Partners. Players have the option of making in-
gamepurchases to enhance their game-playing experience. All in-gamepurchases
are made through the Distribution Partners who process the payment
transaction on the Company’s behalf. The Distribution Partners process all
in-gamepurchases, deduct their platform fees and then remit the remainder to
the Company. Players are required to accept the terms of use for the
Company’s games prior to making any in-gamepurchases. Payment is required at
time of purchase and the purchase price is fixed at the time F-76

of purchase. Once a player makes a purchase in-game, the purchased virtual
goods are available in the player’s account for use in future game play.

The Company’s performance obligations to the paying players are to host the
game play and continue to provide access to the
purchased virtual goods within the game. These obligations are considered as
a single combined performance obligation because they are not distinct and
the purchased virtual goods are only accessible in the mobile game in which
each purchase is
made.

The Company’s performance obligation is satisfied over time as the virtual
goods are used throughout the gameplay,
beginning with the first purchase of the virtual goods by a player. When the
virtual goods are sold, the Company makes the virtual goods available in the
players’ accounts which are used in the games over time. As a result, the
proceeds from
the sale of virtual goods are initially recorded in deferred revenue. The
Company categorizes the virtual goods as durable because while they reside
in the player’s inventory upon purchase, they are used by the player over an
extended period of
playing time. The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of virtual goods
ratably over the estimated average playing period (“EAPP”) of paying
players, which represents the Company’s best estimate of the average playing
life of
paying players for the applicable game. The EAPP of players begins when a
player makes a first purchase (i.e. becomes a “paying player”), and ends
when a player is determined to be inactive.

The Company determines the EAPP on a game-by-game basis.
For a newly-launched game that has limited playing data, the Company
determines its EAPP based on the EAPP of a game that has sufficiently
similar characteristics. The quarterly calculated EAPP was applied to all
bookings in the respective quarter.

Determining the EAPP is inherently subjective and is subject to revision
regularly based on historical playing patterns and other
applicable factors. Future player playing patterns may differ from
historical ones, and therefore, the EAPP may change in the future. The EAPPs
are generally between six and nine months.

The Company recognizes game revenue based on the gross amount paid by the
player because the Company is the principal and has the
contractual right to determine the price to be paid by the player. The
Distribution Partners’ service charges are recorded as cost of revenue as
incurred.

Digital Advertising Services

Beginning in March 2017, the Company entered into Digital Advertising
Services agreements with a number of third parties. The agreements
generally describe the campaign objectives, the agreed upon fee for the
media spend and a fixed period of time for delivery of the advertising
services. Either party could cancel the arrangements after a written notice.
However, the customers are
generally responsible for paying the Company for the media spend incurred
and fees earned through the date of termination. As of December 31, 2018,
the Company had ceased to provide the services. The adoption of ASC 606 had
no impact on revenue
recognized for Digital Advertising Services in 2018.

Customers were typically billed on a monthly basis for digital advertising
campaigns delivered during the prior month. The Company determined
collectability by performing ongoing credit evaluations and monitoring its
customers’ accounts receivable balances. For new customers, the Company
performed a credit check with
an independent credit agency and checked credit references to determine
creditworthiness. The Company recognizes revenue when amounts are not
probable of reversal.

The determination of whether revenue from the Digital Advertising Services
should be reported on a gross or net basis is based on an
assessment of whether the Company is acting as the principal or

F-77

as an agent in the transaction. In determining whether the Company acts as
the principal or as an agent, the Company follows the accounting guidance
for principal-agent considerations. While none
of the factors identified in this guidance is individually considered
presumptive or determinative, the Company has concluded that it acts as a
principal with respect to these arrangements because the Company is the
primary obligor and is
responsible for (i) fulfilling the advertisement delivery, (ii) establishing
the selling prices for delivery of the digital advertisements, (iii)
selecting the media to fulfill the digital advertising campaigns, (iv)
performing
campaign set-up, campaign management, billing and collection activities
including retaining credit risk, and (v) has discretion in selecting media
vendors when fulfilling a customer’s campaign. Based
on this conclusion, the Company reports revenue earned and costs incurred
with respect to this service on a gross basis.

Cost of Revenue

Mobile Games

Cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses incurred to generate revenue
from the Company’s games. This includes platform service
charges from the Company’s Distribution Partners, data center expenditures
related to operating the games, consulting costs related to customer support
services, salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expenses and facility
costs
associated with the Company’s customer support and infrastructure teams.
Additionally, the cost of revenue includes amortization of license asset
cost, which is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the
consolidated statements of
operations. See License Assets and License Obligations, above.

Digital Advertising Services

Cost of revenue consists of media spend and personnel expenses. Media spend
is digital advertisements that the Company purchases from
advertising exchanges or publishers for customer’s campaign and is expensed
as incurred. Personnel expenses include salaries, bonuses, benefits and
stock-based compensation costs associated with those personnel who are
directly involved in the
digital advertising management service including managing customers’
campaigns, purchasing digital advertisements and providing customer support.

Deferred Revenue and Deferred Cost of Revenue

Deferred revenue represents in-game virtual goods that have been purchased
by players, but for
which performance obligation has not yet been satisfied. Deferred revenue
expected to be realized within one year are included in current liabilities
and the remaining deferred revenue, if any, are included in noncurrent
liabilities. The Company
does not have noncurrent deferred revenue at December 31, 2018 and 2019.

Prior to the adoption of ASC 606, deferred cost of
revenue consists primarily of platform service charges from the Distribution
Partners and was recognized as cost of revenue over the same period as that
which the respective deferred revenue is recognized. Upon adoption of ASC
606 on January 1,
2019, the platform service charges are expensed as incurred and the deferred
platform service charges of $38.9 million as of January 1, 2019 after tax
were recorded as a debit to accumulated deficit. Refer to the Recently
Adopted
Accounting Standards section below for the impact of adoption on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements.

During the
year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recognized approximately $128.0
million of revenue pertaining to amounts that were deferred as of December
31, 2018.

F-78

Remaining performance obligations All of the Company’s remaining performance
obligations have an original expected length of less than one year. Research
and Development Expenses The Company’s research and development expenses
primarily consist of salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation cost
for its engineers and developers, except for certain internal-usesoftware
development costs, which may be capitalized as noted above. Impairment of
internal-usesoftware development costs are recorded in research and
development expense. See Note 5. Property, Equipment and Software.In
addition, research and development expenses include outside services and
consulting, as well as associated overhead costs. Research and development
costs that are directly attributable to the planning, conceptual design and
testing of the Company’s games are recognized as an expense as incurred.
Sales and Marketing Expenses Sales and marketing expenses primarily
represent direct advertising and acquisition marketing expenses incurred to
expand the number of active players. Such costs are expensed as incurred,
except for production costs for advertisements. Production costs for
advertisements are initially deferred as prepaid assets and expensed when
the advertisement has been run. Direct advertising and user acquisition
marketing expenses for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were
$129.0 million and $86.5 million, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation
Stock Options The Company applies the provisions of ASC 718, Stock
Compensation, with respect to options granted to employees. ASC 718 requires
companies to estimate the fair value of stock-based compensation awards on
the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the award that
is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense, generally using
the straight-line method over the requisite service period of four years, in
the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. No compensation cost is
recorded for options that do not vest. The Company uses the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model as the method for determining the estimated fair value
of stock options. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of highly
subjective and complex assumptions, which determine the fair value of stock-
based awards, including the fair value of the Company’s common stock, the
expected term, the price volatility of the underlying stock, dividend yield
and risk-free interest rate. The Company’s assumptions used in determining
the fair value for grants during the year are as follows:
                                                                  
                                         2018               2019  
  Expected terms (in years)       0.00 - 6.07        0.11 - 6.03  
  Expected volatility          8.28% - 48.25%    35.00% - 42.98%  
  Expected dividend yield                   —                  —  
  Risk-free interest rate       1.31% - 3.07%      1.64% - 2.61%  
                                                                  
Expected Term—The Company’s expected term represents the period of time that
the Company’s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is
determined using the simplified F-79

method described in the Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 107, as amended
by SAB No. 110, Share-Based Payment.

Expected Volatility—Expected volatility is estimated using comparable public
company volatility for similar expected term.

Expected Dividend—The Black-Scholes valuation model calls for a single
expected dividend yield as an input, and the
Company has never paid dividends and has no plans to pay dividends.

Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest rate
used in the Black-Scholes valuation model is based on the U.S. Treasury zero
coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with
the expected term of the option.

Estimated Forfeitures—The Company uses an annual estimated forfeiture rate
based on the Company’s actual historical
forfeitures.

The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to nonemployees in
accordance with the provisions of ASC 718,
Stock Compensation, and ASC 505, Equity. ASC 718 and ASC 505 require the use
of option valuation models to measure the fair value of the options at the
measurement date. The fair value of the equity instrument is re-measured as
the equity instrument vests or at reporting date if the equity instrument is
outstanding, and the resulting change in value, if any, is recognized in the
consolidated statements of operations during
the period the service is rendered.

Income Taxes

The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability
approach, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the financial statements. Under this approach, the Company
determines deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the
differences between the financial
statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax
rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and
liabilities is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date.

The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent that these assets
are more
likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Company
considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future
taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations.
If the Company determines that it would be able to realize deferred tax
assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment
to the
deferred tax asset valuation allowance would be made to reduce the provision
for income taxes.

The Company records uncertain tax
positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in
which determinations are made (1) whether it is more likely than not that
the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the
technical merits of the position; and, (2) for those tax positions that meet
the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company recognizes the
largest amount of tax benefit that is more than
50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related
tax authority.

The Company recognizes interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on interest expense and the
general and administrative expense, respectively, in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are
included on the related
liability lines in the consolidated balance sheets.

F-80

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Revenue Recognition In May 2014, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued new guidance on revenue
from contracts with customers. The new standard provides principle for
recognizing revenue when control of promised goods or services is
transferred to customers with the expected consideration in exchange for
those goods or services, as well as guidance on the recognition of costs
related to obtaining and fulfilling customer contracts. The standard also
requires expanded disclosures about the nature, amount, timing, and
uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets
recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The Company
adopted the standard on January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective
method, which was applied to customer contracts that were not completed as
of January 1, 2019. The Company’s results of operations beginning after
January 1, 2019 are presented in accordance with ASC 606, while prior
periods continue to be reported in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue
Recognition. The most significant impact of adopting the new revenue
standard was to record the platform service charges as costs of revenue in
the period incurred. Although the platform service charges are incremental
in nature, these charges are not costs incurred solely in the Company’s
effort to obtain the contract and there are no sales or marketing efforts
made by the platform providers. As platform service charges do not clearly
meet the criteria for capitalization as either incremental costs of
obtaining a contract or fulfillment costs, such charges are expensed as
incurred. As a result of adopting the new revenue standard, the following
adjustments were made to the Company’s consolidated balance sheet at January
1, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Consolida…                                                                
  Balance             December                               January        
  Sheets              31, 2018          Adjustments          1,2019         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $       38,884       $  (38,884      )    $  —              
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…          (961,224  )       (38,884      )       (1,000,108  )  
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2019
(in thousands):
                                                                            
                                             Amount                         
  Consolida…                                without             Changes     
  Statements                            adoption of              due to     
  of                 Amount as                  ASC            adoption     
  Operations          reported                  606          of ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of       $      161,023       $      169,360       $      (8,337  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Total                                                                     
  costs and            473,868              482,205              (8,337  )  
  expenses                                                                  
  Loss from            (73,568  )           (81,905  )            8,337     
  operations                                                                
  Loss                                                                      
  before              (235,421  )          (243,758  )            8,337     
  income                                                                    
  taxes                                                                     
  Net loss            (236,094  )          (244,431  )            8,337     
                                                                            
The adoption of the new revenue standard had the following impact on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                             Amount                         
                                            without             Changes     
  Consolida…                            adoption of              due to     
  Balance          Amount as                    ASC            adoption     
  Sheets           reported                     606          of ASC 606     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Deferred                                                                  
  cost of       $  —                 $       30,548       $     (30,548  )  
  revenue                                                                   
  Accumulat…       (936,872     )          (945,209  )            8,337     
  deficit                                                                   
                                                                            
F-81

Statement of Cash Flows

In August 2016, the FASB issued new guidance, which provides clarification
for the classification of certain cash receipts and payments
for eight cash flow topics, thereby reducing current and potential future
diversity in practice. In November 2016, the FASB issued additional cash
flow guidance, which requires amounts generally described as restricted cash
and restricted cash
equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the
beginning-of-period and
end-of-period total amounts shown in the statement of cash flows. The
Company adopted these standards on January 1, 2019 on a retrospectively
basis. The adoption of
the standard did not have a material impact on our statement of cash flows.

Stock-Based Compensation

In June 2018, the FASB issued new guidance to simplify and improve the
accounting for nonemployee share-based payments. Currently, the
accounting requirements for nonemployee and employee share-based payment
transactions are significantly different. This standard expands the scope of
Topic 718 to include share-based payments issued to nonemployees for goods
or services,
aligning the accounting for share-based payments to nonemployees and
employees. This standard is effective for the Company’s fiscal year
beginning January 1, 2020 and early adoption is permitted. The Company early
adopted this new standard
effective January 1, 2019, and the adoption of this standard did not have
impact on the consolidated financial statements.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

Leases

In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance on lease accounting. Among
its provision, the standard requires lessees to recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheets for operating leases and
also requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures about
lease
arrangements. This new guidance will be effective for its fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance
on its consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures.

Fair Value Measurements

In August 2018, the FASB issued a new accounting standard update which
eliminates, adds and modifies certain disclosure requirements for
fair value measurements. The update eliminates the requirement to disclose
the amount of and reasons for transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy, and introduces a requirement to disclose the range and
weighted
average used to develop significant unobservable inputs for Level 3 fair
value measurements. This guidance will be effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2019. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on
its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Income Tax

In December 2019,
the FASB issued guidance that simplifies the accounting for incomes taxes by
removing certain exceptions to the general principles in ASC 740, Income
taxes, and amending existing guidance to improve consistent application. For
private
entities, the new guidance will be effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2021. Most amendments within this standard are required
to be applied on a prospective basis, while certain amendments must be
applied on a
retrospective or modified retrospective basis. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this new
accounting guidance on its consolidated financial statements and related
disclosures.

F-82

3. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2018
and 2019, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                 
                              2018         2019  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash                  $   60,565    $  44,353  
  Restricted cash           28,000       13,057  
  Money market funds        30,126       34,349  
  Total                 $  118,691    $  91,759  
                                                 
4. Fair Value Measurements ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, which defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in U.S. GAAP,
and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This codification
applies under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair
value measurements. ASC 820 clarifies that fair value is an exit price,
representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.
As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined
based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset
or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, ASC 820
establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs
used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1—Observable inputs, such as
quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets, or
liabilities. Level 2—Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities or
inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either
directly or indirectly. Level 3—Unobservable inputs in which there is little
or no market data, which requires the Company to develop its own assumptions
about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or
liability. Valuation techniques include use of option pricing models,
discounted cash flow models, and similar techniques. The carrying amounts of
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net, prepaid expenses,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the
short-term nature of these items. Based on the borrowing rates currently
available to the Company for loans payable with similar terms, the carrying
value of the term loans payable and license obligations approximate their
fair value. The following table summarizes the Company’s financial
instruments’ classification within the fair value hierarchy as of December
31, 2018 as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   28,000    $  —          $        —    $  28,000  
  Money market             30,126       —                   —       30,126  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   58,126    $  —          $        —    $  58,126  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $      773    $     773  
  liabilities                                                               
  Total                $        —    $  —          $      773    $     773  
                                                                            
F-83

The following table summarizes the Company’s financial instruments’
classification within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2019 as
follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Financial assets        Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted cash      $   13,057    $  —          $        —    $  13,057  
  Money market             34,349       —                   —       34,349  
  funds                                                                     
  Total                $   47,406    $  —          $        —    $  47,406  
  Financial                                                                 
  liabilities                                                               
  Stock warrant        $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
  liabilities                                                               
  Total                $        —    $  —          $    1,730    $   1,730  
                                                                            
Level 1 investments consist solely of money market funds, included in cash
and cash equivalents, valued at amortized cost that approximates fair value.
Level 3 instruments consist of preferred and common stock warrant
liabilities (the “stock warrant liabilities”) in which the fair value was
measured upon issuance and is re-measuredat each reporting date. Inputs used
to determine the fair value of the stock warrant liabilities as of the
valuation date include the remaining contractual term of the warrants, the
risk-free interest rate and volatility of the comparable public companies
over the remaining term, and the estimated fair value of the Company’s
underlying common stock. The significant unobservable inputs used in the
fair value measurement of the stock warrant liabilities include the
estimated fair value of the underlying common stock and the estimated term
of the warrants. Generally, increases (decreases) in the fair value of the
underlying common stock and estimated term would result in a directionally
similar impact on the fair value measurement of the stock warrant
liabilities. See Note 13— Stock Warrants. A reconciliation of the stock
warrant liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
is as follows (in thousands):
                                                         
  Fair value—December 31, 2017             $   2,301     
  Change in fair value of stock warrant       (1,528  )  
  liabilities                                            
  Fair value—December 31, 2018             $     773     
  Change in fair value of stock warrant          957     
  liabilities                                            
  Fair value—December 31, 2019             $   1,730     
                                                         
The Company’s derivative liabilities originated in connection with the
issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 and are carried at fair value in
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. For determination of the derivative
liabilities and fair value changes for the year ended December 31, 2019,
please see Note 10. Convertible Promissory Notesand Note 11. Derivative
Liabilities. F-84

5. Property, Equipment and Software Property, equipment and software, net,
at December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                 2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer equipment and software         $   163,695       $   161,463     
  Internal use software development            25,475            33,183     
  costs                                                                     
  Furniture and fixtures                        4,560             4,298     
  Leasehold improvements                       47,541            47,489     
  Total property, equipment and               241,271           246,433     
  software                                                                  
  Less: accumulated depreciation and         (147,729  )       (181,732  )  
  amortization                                                              
  Add: construction in progress                   260                 —     
  Property, equipment and software,       $    93,802       $    64,701     
  net                                                                       
                                                                            
Depreciation and amortization expense on property, equipment and software,
including equipment and software acquired under capital lease arrangements
and internal-use software development costs, for the years ended December
31, 2018 and 2019, was $60.9 million and $38.6 million, respectively. The
Company capitalized internal-use software development costs of $10.0 million
and $7.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively, and recognized amortization expense of $3.6 million and $5.6
million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. For
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company recorded $3.1
million and $0, respectively, of impairment charge related to internal use
software development costs. The Company entered into various capital lease
agreements with equipment lessors to acquire data center equipment and
software. Each lease is secured by the underlying leased assets. Equipment
and software acquired under the capital leases is depreciated over the
shorter of the lease terms, generally three years, or their estimated useful
life, which generally is also three years. The assets under the capital
lease arrangements are included in computer equipment and software in the
consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2018 and 2019 as follows (in
thousands):
                                                                           
                                                 2018             2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Equipment and software acquired under    $   95,536       $   67,223     
  capital lease                                                            
  Less: accumulated depreciation and          (63,016  )       (58,000  )  
  amortization                                                             
  Equipment and software acquired under    $   32,520       $    9,223     
  capital lease, net                                                       
                                                                           
Depreciation expense relating to assets acquired under capital leases was
$47.4 million and $23.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively. See Note 12. Capital Lease Obligations. 6. Intangible
Assets The following table presents the activity of intangible assets, net,
for the year ended December 31, 2018 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                       Gross Carrying       Accumulated           Net Book  
                                Value       Amortization             Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Existing          $             540    $  (423          )    $       117  
  technology                                                                
  Acquired                        376       (295          )             81  
  technology                                                                
  Domain Name                   3,068       —                        3,068  
                    $           3,984    $  (718          )    $     3,266  
                                                                            
F-85

The following table presents the activity of intangible assets, net, for the
year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                   Gross                                               Net  
                Carrying       Accumul…                               Book  
                   Value       Amortiz…          Impairm…            Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Existi…    $       540    $  (540      )    $  —              $        —  
  techno…                                                                   
  Acquir…            376       (376      )       —                       —  
  techno…                                                                   
  Domain           3,068       —                 (798      )         2,270  
  Name                                                                      
             $     3,984    $  (916      )    $  (798      )    $    2,270  
                                                                            
Amortization expense on the intangible assets was $0.2 million for each of
the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019. There was no impairment recorded
in 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company recorded an
impairment charge of approximately $0.8 million. 7. License Assets and
License Obligations In October 2016, the Company entered into a license
agreement with a third party (“Licensor”), whereby the Company will receive
a license to use the Licensor’s content in the Company’s game over a four-
year initial term with an option to renew the license for up to three
additional two-yearterms. The fixed license payments over the initial term
for the license total 10.0 billion Japanese Yen which are being paid over
the contract term. The license agreement also includes annual royalties of
10% of the net profit derived from the Company’s game containing the
Licensor’s content, up to 1.0 billion Japanese Yen. As no significant
performance obligations remain with the Licensor for these payments, the
Company recorded the fixed license payments as license assets and license
obligations at their fair value on the contract date, based on a discounted
cash flow model. Over the initial term of the license agreement, the Company
records imputed interest on the license obligations up to the payment dates
with related interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
The Company also records foreign currency gains or losses in other income,
net, in the consolidated statements of operations. During the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company recorded an unrealized foreign
currency loss of $1.1 million and $1.6 million, respectively, realized
foreign currency gain of $0 million and $0.8 million, respectively, and
interest expense of $2.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively. In August
2018, the Company entered into an amendment to the licensed agreement with
its Licensor. In accordance with the amendment, the term of the license
agreement is extended through December 2021 with the option to renew for
additional terms by mutual agreement of the parties. Additionally, the
timing of the remaining fixed license payments are extended through October
2021. The amortization of the license assets commenced when the licensed
product was launched in 2017 and was recorded on a straight-line basis over
the shorter of the remaining license term or estimated useful life of the
licensed product. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, $21.0
million and $17.6 million, respectively, were recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations. The expected future amortization expense of
license assets as of December 31, 2019 is as follows (in thousands):
                                          
  Years Ending December 31,               
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                         $  17,681  
  2021                            17,633  
  Total                        $  35,314  
                                          
F-86

The following table summarizes the future license payments for the Company’s
license obligations at December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                           
  Years Ending December 31,                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                      $   18,416     
  2021                                          18,416     
  Total license payments                        36,832     
  Less:                                                    
  Imputed interest                              (1,150  )  
  Current portion of license obligations       (17,628  )  
  License obligations, long-term            $   18,054     
                                                           
8. Accrued and Other Current Liabilities Accrued current liabilities at
December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the following (in thousands):
                                                
                             2018         2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Payroll related       $  21,625    $  23,551  
  Marketing expenses        6,170        4,594  
  Other                       991          566  
  Legal fees                  303          314  
  Media spend                   2            —  
  Total                 $  29,091    $  29,025  
                                                
Other current liabilities at December 31, 2018 and 2019, consist of the
following (in thousands):
                                                                 
                                              2018         2019  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Other taxes payable                    $  12,382    $  12,772  
  Office lease : cease-use obligation        3,253       13,769  
  Other                                      4,910        3,126  
  Total                                  $  20,545    $  29,667  
                                                                 
9. Debt Loan Facilities In June 2013, the Company entered into an accounts
receivable loan agreement (the “Accounts Receivable Loan I”) with its bank
for a revolving line of credit not to exceed the lesser of (i) $5.0 million
or (ii) the amount equal to 80% of eligible accounts receivable. The
interest rate was fixed at 5.00%, and interest only payments were due each
month following June 2013, with all principal due on June 21, 2014. The
Company had certain covenants, including the submission of annual audited
consolidated financial statements and was required to maintain $2.0 million
of restricted cash balance with the bank at all times. The Accounts
Receivable Loan I continues to be secured by the cash, cash equivalents and
accounts receivable of the Company with a secondary security interest on the
remaining assets of the Company. In connection with the Accounts Receivable
Loan I, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 616,900 shares of the
Company’s Series B convertible preferred stock at $0.081049 per share. See
Note 13. Stock Warrants. In October 2013, the Company increased the
revolving line of credit under the Accounts Receivable Loan I agreement with
the bank to a total of $10.0 million. Covenants remained similar to F-87

the agreement dated June 2013, with an increased requirement to maintain
$2.5 million of restricted cash balance with the bank at all times. The
interest rate remained fixed at 5.00%, and
interest only payments were due each month following October 2013, with all
principal due on June 21, 2014. In connection with the Accounts Receivable
Loan I, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to 740,300 shares of the
Company’s
Series B convertible preferred stock at $0.081049 per share. See Note 13.
Stock Warrants.

From time to time subsequent to
October 2013, the Company has entered into amendments of the Accounts
Receivable Loan I to align its terms with the Company’s operations.

In February 2018, the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement to the Accounts Receivable Loan I
with the bank on similar terms and conditions to the Second Amended and
Restated Loan and Security Agreement, however, the maturity date of the
Accounts Receivable Loan I was extended from February 26, 2018 to July 31,
2020.

The Accounts Receivable Loan I contains various covenants. In June 2018, the
Company entered into discussion with its lender to amend
the covenants to take into account the Company’s intention to streamline its
business operations. In August 2018, the Company entered into an agreement
to amend the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement to amend
certain
financial covenants, and to waive the existing covenants through the date of
the amendment to allow for the Company to streamline its operations. In
accordance with the amendment, the bank also reduced the revolving line of
credit under the Accounts
Receivable Loan I to $30.0 million if certain conditions were met.

In March 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to
establish the 2019 financial covenants and eliminate one of its financial
covenants and address changes to its subsidiaries. In June and July 2019,
the Company entered into amendments to revise the measurement date of
certain covenants and modify
and/or eliminate certain of its other financial covenants.

As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the outstanding borrowing under
this loan facility was $22.3 million and $11.6 million, respectively. The
interest rate were 6.00% and 5.25% for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively.

Additional Loan Facility

In May 2015, the Company entered into an additional loan facility (the “Loan
II”) with a financial institution. The Loan II
permits borrowings of up to $100.0 million and is secured by all property of
the Company, except intellectual property. The Loan II bears an annual rate
of interest equal to the greater of either (i) the prime rate as reported in
The Wall
Street Journal, plus 2.50% or (ii) 6.75%. The Loan II also carries a
contractual payment-in-kind (“PIK”) interest rate of 3.00%. The increases in
the loan
payable balance as a result of contractual PIK arrangement were included in
the consolidated statements of operations for the periods in which such PIK
interest was accrued. Interest only payments are due each month beginning
June 2015 through April
2018. The principal and any accrued but unpaid interest is due in May 2018.

The Company incurred fees and legal expenses totaling
$0.3 million in connection with the Loan II, which had initially been
recorded as a deferred financing asset on the consolidated balance sheets
and amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the Loan
II until July 2016, at
which time, the remaining balance was reclassified as part of the debt
discount in accordance with the debt issuance costs accounting standard
adopted by the Company in 2016. The Company also paid $0.5 million in fees
to the financial
institution upon origination of the Loan II and was also reflected as a debt
discount. The debt discount is amortized over the term of the Loan II.

F-88

In connection with the Loan II, the Company issued warrants to allow the
financial
institution to receive a total of 1,552,790 shares of common stock upon the
exercise of the warrants. The aggregate estimated fair value of the warrants
upon issuance was $2.2 million. The Company recorded the fair value of the
warrants at
issuance as a debt discount and as other long-term liability. The debt
discount associated with the warrants is amortized using the effective
interest method as additional interest expense over the term of the Loan II.
See Note 13. Stock Warrants.

In February 2018, the Company paid the loan facility in its entirety. During
the year ended December 31, 2018,
the Company recorded $2.4 million of interest expenses related to the Loan
II.

Debt Financing

In February 2018, the Company entered into a financing agreement (“Financing
Agreement”) with a financial institution for a
principal amount of $200.0 million. In connection with the Financing
Agreement, the Company entered into a pledge and security agreement with
this financial institution, whereby subject to the lien interests of the
Accounts Receivable Loan I,
the Company granted the financial institution a continuing security interest
in all of the Company’s assets. In February 2018, the Company used $108.7
million under the Financing Agreement to repay the Loan II in its entirety.
Additionally, the Company incurred $3.6 million of debt discount, including
the warrant issuance described below, and $7.3 million of financing fees.
The Financing Agreement has various financial covenant requirements, as well
as the
submission of annual audited financials. The Financing Agreement is secured
by all property of the Company with the exception of a secondary security
interest on the Company’s cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable.

The Financing Agreement bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the
Eurodollar Rate plus an applicable margin rate of 8.50%.
Interest only monthly payments are due in arrears, and the principal, and
all accrued but unpaid interest is due on February 1, 2021.

In connection with the Financing Agreement, the Company issued warrants to
the financial institution to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares
of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price per share equal to
$0.00001 with a term that is ten years from the date of issuance. The shares
vest in two tranches: 1,000,000 shares vest on February 2, 2018 and
1,000,000 shares will
vest on December 31, 2018 if certain conditions are met. As of December 31,
2018, all the shares under the warrants were fully vested.

The Financing Agreement contains various covenants. In June 2018, the
Company entered into discussions with its lender to amend the
covenants to take into account the Company’s intention to streamline its
business operations. In August 2018, the Company entered into an agreement
to amend the Financing Agreement to amend certain financial and
non-financial covenants and to waive the original covenants through the date
of the amendment to allow for the Company’s streamlined operations. The
amendment was accounted for as an early debt
extinguishment. As part of the debt extinguishment, the Company expensed
$9.8 million of the unamortized debt discount. The Company also incurred
$2.0 million debt issuance cost which was expensed immediately.
Additionally, the Company
incurred approximately $0.2 million of financing fees that is accounted for
as a debt discount against the new debt. The charges associated with the
early debt extinguishment outlined above have been recorded in other income
(expense), net.

In accordance with the amendment, the interest rate per annum is amended to
the Eurodollar Rate, plus an applicable margin rate of
13.50%, on and after July 1, 2018, of which 3.00% is accounted for as
payment-in-kind interest (“PIK”). Interest only monthly payments are due in
arrears,
and the principal, PIK and all accrued but unpaid interest is due on
February 1, 2021.

F-89

In March 2019, the Company entered into an amendment to establish the 2019
financial
covenants and eliminate one of its financial covenants and address changes
to its subsidiaries. In June and July 2019, the Company entered into
amendments to revise the measurement date of certain covenants and modify
and/or eliminate certain of its
other financial covenants. Under the terms of the Financing Agreement, the
Company is required to maintain minimum liquidity of $30 million through
June 2020, $40 million in July 2020 and then $60 million for the remaining
term of the
Financing Agreement (February 2021).

At December 31, 2018 and 2019, the interest rate was 15.85% and 15.20%,
respectively.

10. Convertible Promissory Notes

On
July 12, 2019 (the “Effective Date”), the Company entered into a convertible
promissory note purchase agreement with certain investors of the Company
(the “NPA”) whereby each investor agreed to purchase a note from the
Company (each, a “Convertible Note” and collectively, the “Convertible
Notes”) for an aggregate principal amount of $142.9 million. Of the $142.9
million, $100.0 million was new capital received by the Company. The
remaining $42.9 million in Convertible Notes were issued upon conversion of
Series C Preferred Shares and Series D Preferred Shares held by the
Convertible Notes investors. In total, 1,318,694 shares of Series C
Preferred shares converted into
Convertible Notes and 10,183,313 shares of Series D Preferred shares
converted into Convertible Notes (See Note 15. Stockholders’ Deficit).

The Convertible Notes bear interest of 10% per annum and mature on the
second anniversary of the Effective Date. The Convertible Notes
may, at the election of a noteholder, be converted if the Company
consummates a qualified financing or qualified initial public offering (each
a “Conversion Event”) prior to maturity. In the event of a qualified
financing each Convertible
Note may be converted into the most senior series of preferred stock issued
in such qualified financing. In the event of a qualified initial public
offering, each Convertible Note may be converted into common stock. Any such
conversion upon a
Conversion event shall be at the conversion price stipulated in the
Convertible Notes. If a Conversion Event occurs and the holder of a
Convertible Note elects not to convert (a “Non-Conversion
Event”), such Convertible Note shall bear interest at the then-current 5
year U.S. Treasury rate plus 2% and mature on the fifth anniversary of the
Effective Date. Where a Non-Conversion Event occurs, the
Company must redeem the Convertible Note(s) at 100% of the outstanding
balance at maturity.

If a Conversion Event has not occurred
and the Company consummates a sale of the Company prior to the maturity
date, each Convertible Note may, at the election of the noteholder be
converted into the most senior series of preferred in issue at the time of
or to be issued immediately
prior to the sale at the conversion price stipulated in the Convertible
Notes. If a Conversion Event has not occurred and the Company consummates an
initial public offering that is not a qualified initial public offering,
each Convertible Note may,
at the election of the noteholder, be converted into common stock at the
conversion price stipulated in the Convertible Notes. Where a note holder
elects not to convert in the event of a sale of the Company or an initial
public offering that is not
a qualified initial public offering, the Company must redeem 200% of the
outstanding balance upon such sale of or initial public offering.

Where no Conversion Event, Non-Conversion Event, sale of the Company, or
initial public offering
that is not a qualified initial public offering has occurred at maturity,
the holders elect to convert the outstanding balance, in whole or in part
the most senior series of preferred stock in issue upon maturity. Where a
noteholder elects not to so
convert at maturity, the Company must redeem 300% of the outstanding balance
upon maturity. The Company also has to accelerate and redeem the Convertible
Note at 100% of the outstanding balance upon an event of default.

F-90

In accounting for the Convertible Notes issued on July 12, 2019, the Company
has evaluated the Convertible Notes for terms and conditions that would be
considered to be features of embedded derivatives. Certain conversion and
redemption features are not clearly and closely associated with the risk of
the debt-type host instrument and are required to be separately accounted
for as derivative financial instruments when certain conditions are met. The
Company bifurcated these embedded conversion and redemption (“embedded
derivatives) features from the Convertible Notes and classified these
embedded derivatives as liabilities measured at fair value (See Note 11.
Derivative Liabilities). The carrying amount of the Convertible Notes was
determined by deducting the fair value of the embedded derivatives from the
sum of cash received and fair value of the Series C and D shares converted.
The Convertible Notes include a beneficial conversion feature (“BCF”) of
$297.1 million equal to the intrinsic value of the option to convert into
the Series D preferred shares at maturity. The intrinsic value of the BCF
was $165.0 million greater than the proceeds of $132.1 million allocated to
the Convertible Notes, the amount of the discount assigned to the BCF shall
be limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated to the convertible
instrument. The BCF of $132.1 million was bifurcated and separately
accounted for in additional paid-incapital. As the initial carrying amount
of the Convertible Notes was zero due to the BCF, the debt discount of the
Convertible Notes is amortized under the straight-line method over the terms
of the Convertible Notes. As all proceeds from the Convertible Notes were
allocated to the BCF, the embedded derivative liabilities were recorded at
fair value through recognition of interest expense in the consolidated
statements of operations at inception. The convertible notes are recorded as
part of the Loans Payable, Long-term. The following table sets forth the
components of the Convertible Notes as of July 12, 2019 and December 31,
2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                               July 12, 2019          December 31, 2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Principal                 $        142,857       $            142,857     
  300% settlement amount                                                    
  in excess of                                                              
  principal and                      345,714                    345,714     
  paid-in-kind interest                                                     
  at                                                                        
  maturity                                                                  
  Unamortized debt                  (488,571  )                (374,308  )  
  discount                                                                  
  Net carrying amount       $              —       $            114,263     
  Embedded derivatives      $          9,997       $                  —     
                                                                            
The following table sets forth interest expense recognized in the
consolidated statement of operations related to the Convertible Notes as of
July 12, 2019 and for the year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                        For the Year Ended  
                                    July 12, 2019        December 31, 2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Embedded derivatives fair      $          9,997    $               9,997  
  value                                                                     
  Debt issuance costs                       2,009                    2,009  
  Contractual interest                          —                    6,733  
  expense                                                                   
  Amortization of debt                          —                  114,263  
  discount                                                                  
  Total interest expense         $         12,006    $             133,002  
  recognized                                                                
                                                                            
F-91

11. Derivative Liabilities The Company’s derivative liabilities originated
in connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes in July 2019 and are
carried at fair value (see Note 10. Convertible Promissory Notes). The
changes in the fair value of the derivative liabilities are recorded in
other income of the consolidated statements of operations. The following
table summarizes the changes in fair value of the derivative liabilities for
the year ended December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                   
                                             December 31, 2019     
  Beginning balance—December 31, 2018                        —     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Derivative liabilities in connection                   9,997     
  with Convertible Notes (Note 10)                                 
  Changes in fair value                                 (9,997  )  
  Ending balance—December 31, 2019        $                  —     
                                                                   
Estimating fair values of derivative financial instruments requires the
development of significant and subjective estimates that may, and are likely
to, change over the duration of the instrument with related changes in
internal and external market factors. Since derivative financial instruments
are initially and subsequently carried at fair value, the Company’s income
will reflect the volatility in these estimate and assumption changes. The
features embedded in the Convertible Notes are combined into one compound
embedded derivative and its fair value is calculated as the difference
between the fair value of the Convertible Notes with embedded derivative and
the fair value of the Convertible Notes without embedded derivative using an
analysis based on discounted cash flows. The analysis simulates multiple
outcomes over the period to maturity using multiple assumption inputs for
the expected period to financing or maturity. The Company’s assumptions used
in determining the fair value of derivative liabilities as of July 12, 2019
and December 31, 2019 are as follows:
                                                                            
                                        July 12, 2019    December 31, 2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Time to financing or maturity (in     1 - 2            1 - 1.53           
  years)                                                                    
  Expected volatility                   15%              13%                
  Expected dividend yield               —                —                  
  Risk-free interest rate               1.84% - 1.96%    1.58% - 1.59%      
                                                                            
Expected Term—The expected term represents the period of time that the
Company expects to raise working capital or repayment of the Convertible
Notes. Expected Volatility—The expected volatility is the class specific
volatility, which is estimated using comparable public company volatility
for similar expected term and indicated value of related stock class.
Expected Dividend—The Company has never paid dividends and has no plans to
pay dividends. Risk-Free Interest Rate—The risk-free interest rate is
interpolated from U.S. Government Constant Maturity Treasury rates for a
period corresponding to the expected date of financing or maturity. 12.
Capital Lease Obligations Beginning in 2015, the Company entered into lease
arrangements with various equipment lessors in order to lease data center
servers, network equipment and software. The leases are determined to be
capital leases as they met one or more of the four capital lease criteria.
Capital leases outstanding F-92

at December 31, 2019 generally have a three-year term and mature at various
dates until 2021, and bear interest rates ranging from 5.53% to 12.31% per
annum. The aggregated monthly payments ranged from $2.8 million to $5.0
million for the year ended December 31, 2018, and from $1.2 million to $2.6
million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The Company recorded $3.8
million and $1.5 million of interest expense in relation to the capital
lease arrangements during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively. See Note 5. Property, Equipment and Software. The following
table summarizes the present value of future minimum lease payments under
the Company’s capital lease obligations at December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                         
  Years Ending December 31,                              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                    $   10,801     
  2021                                           797     
  Total minimum lease payments                11,598     
  Less:                                                  
  Imputed interest                              (343  )  
  Current portion of capital lease           (10,464  )  
  obligations                                            
  Capital lease obligations, long-term    $      791     
                                                         
13. Stock Warrants Preferred Stock Warrants On June 21, 2013 and October 31,
2013, in connection with a financing agreement with a financial institution,
as described in Note 9. Debt, the Company issued warrants to purchase
616,900 shares and 740,300 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock,
respectively, with an exercise price of $0.081049 per share. The warrants
are exercisable for 10 years from the date of issuance. The Company
determined that these preferred stock warrants met the requirements for
liability classification under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, due to the
existence of down-round provisions. The fair value of the warrant was
approximately $0.1 million at the time of issuance, calculated using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of the preferred stock
warrants liability was re-valuedat each reporting period, and the changes in
its fair value were recorded in other income, net in the consolidated
statements of operations. The fair value of the common stock warrant
liability was re-valuedat both December 31, 2018 and 2019, and $0.1 million
gain and $0.7 million loss were recorded in other income (expense), net in
the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31,
2018 and 2019, respectively. At December 31, 2019, 1,357,200 warrants for
shares of Series B convertible preferred stock were outstanding. The
Company’s assumptions used in determining the fair value of preferred stock
warrants as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
                                                               
                                      2018               2019  
  Expected terms (in years)    4.47 - 4.84        3.47 - 3.84  
  Expected volatility               38.40%    40.03% - 40.58%  
  Expected dividend yield                —                  —  
  Risk-free interest rate            2.51%      1.62% - 1.66%  
                                                               
Common Stock Warrants—In connection with the 2015 Loan II facility, the
Company issued common stock warrants to allow the financial institution to
receive shares of the Company’s common stock up to the sum of a) $500,000,
plus b) 1.5% of the aggregate advances made under the Loan II. From May 2015
through December 2016, the Company issued warrants on a total of 1,552,790
shares F-93

of common stock upon exercise of the warrants. The warrants are immediately
exercisable, at an exercise price of zero per share, and expire on the
earlier of May 8, 2025 or upon the consummation of an initial public
offering or a change in control of the Company. The Company determined that
these common stock warrants met the requirements for liability
classification under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. On the
dates of issuance, the aggregate fair values of the warrants totaled $2.2
million, calculated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, and was
reflected as a discount to the loan payable and other long-term liabilities
in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The fair value of the common
stock warrant liability was re-valuedat both December 31, 2018 and 2019, and
$1.4 million gain and $0.2 million loss were recorded in other income
(expense), net in the consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. As of December 31, 2019,
1,552,790 shares of common stock warrants were outstanding. The Company’s
assumptions used in determining the fair value of common stock warrants as
of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows:
                                                     
                                2018        2019     
  Expected terms (in years)     6.36        5.35     
  Expected volatility          40.25  %    41.62  %  
  Expected dividend yield          —           —     
  Risk-free interest rate       2.59  %     1.69  %  
                                                     
In connection with the 2018 financing agreement, the Company issued warrants
to allow the financial institution to receive 2,000,000 shares of the
Company’s common stock. At December 31, 2018, the warrants were immediately
exercisable with an exercisable price of $0.00001 per share and expire on
February 2, 2028. The Company determined that these common stock warrants
met the requirements for equity classification in accordance with ASC 480,
Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. On the dates of issuance, the
aggregate fair values of the warrants totaled $1.1 million, calculated using
a Black-Scholes option pricing model, and was reflected as a discount to the
loan payable and stockholders’ deficit in the Company’s consolidated balance
sheets. As of December 31, 2019, 2,000,000 shares of common stock warrants
remained outstanding. The Company’s assumptions used in determining the fair
value of common stock warrants as of December 31, 2018 are as follows:
                                                
                                          2018  
  Expected terms (in years)       9.10 - 10.01  
  Expected volatility          43.28% - 49.01%  
  Expected dividend yield                    —  
  Risk-free interest rate        2.66% - 2.84%  
                                                
14. Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases The Company leases office
and colocation facilities under non-cancellableoperating lease and sublease
agreements that expire at various terms through 2028. In August 2014, the
Company entered into three non-cancelableoffice sublease agreements and one
sublease option for a total of approximately 380,000 square feet for use as
its headquarters in Palo Alto, California. The lease terms have been amended
in 2016, 2017 and 2018. In August 2019, the Company entered into an
arrangement with the property owner to terminate the sublease arrangement
for two of the buildings. In consideration of the early termination, the
Company agreed to F-94

pay $20 million to the property owner in four installments through August
2020, which was recorded in general and administrative expense in August
2019. The remaining sublease agreements expire in 2028. In 2016, the Company
entered into another operating sublease agreement for office space in Palo
Alto, California over the sublease term of 60 months expiring in 2022. In
June 2018, the Company ceased to use one of its office facilities in Palo
Alto, California and recorded a cease-useloss of $7.8 million. The lease
does not expire until 2022 and the Company is currently subleasing the
space. The cease-useloss was calculated as the present value of the
remaining lease obligation offset by the sublease rental receipts during the
remaining lease period, adjusted for deferred items and lease incentives. As
of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the cease-useobligation was $4.1 million and
$1.4 million, respectively. The lease abandonment cost is included in
general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of
operations. Under the terms of the leases and subleases, the Company is
responsible for certain insurance, property tax, and maintenance expenses.
These repair and maintenance cost on the major equipment are expensed as
incurred. Additionally, certain lease and sublease agreements provide for
rental payments on a graduated basis. The Company recognizes rent expense on
a straight-line basis over the terms of the lease or sublease commitments.
For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, rent expense was $22.7
million and $15.8 million, respectively. The following summarizes the future
minimum payments under the Company’s operating leases, subleases, colocation
facility, and sublease proceeds under non-cancelableoperating leases at
December 31, 2019 (in thousands):
                                                          
  Years Ending December 31,                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2020                                     $   27,544     
  2021                                         26,845     
  2022                                         21,652     
  2023                                         16,747     
  2024                                         17,250     
  Thereafter                                   63,723     
  Total minimum lease payments                173,761     
  Less: non-cancellable sublease income       (23,294  )  
  Total                                    $  150,467     
                                                          
Letter of Credit Agreements In August 2014, the Company entered into two
standby letters of credit agreements (“LOCs”) with a bank in lieu of a
deposit under the Company’s sublease agreements for certain office
buildings. Under these three LOCs, the Company’s landlord can draw up to
$20.0 million under certain conditions. In August 2019, the Company
terminated certain of its sublease arrangements and accordingly, the LOC has
also been reduced to $13.1 million as of December 31, 2019. These LOCs are
required through June 2027. In July 2015, the Company entered into an
additional LOC agreement with the bank that provides for a $12.5 million to
support the Company’s capital leases. The LOC that was subsequently reduced
to $8.0 million and $4.0 million in August 2018 and February 2019,
respectively, and by December 31, 2019, the Company is no longer required to
maintain any LOC on the Company’s capital leases. F-95

In September 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with a bank that
provides for
a $6.8 million irrevocable LOC for a sublease agreement. Consequently, the
borrowing availability under the Accounts Receivable Loan I was reduced by
$6.8 million from $30.0 million to $23.2 million. See Note 9. Debt.

The LOCs may not exceed the aggregate loan value of the collateral, which is
defined as all assets held or to be held in custody
accounts, safeguarding accounts, investment management accounts, and/or
other accounts with the bank. The Company is in compliance with this
requirement through December 31, 2019.

No amounts were drawn against the LOCs during the years presented.

Purchase Obligations

As of December 31, 2019, the Company had no additional material purchase
obligations.

Legal Matters

The
Company is at times involved in claims and legal actions that arise in the
normal course of business. Such matters are subject to uncertainties and
outcomes and are not predictable with assurance. The Company assesses the
probability of incurring
any such losses and whether or not those losses are estimable. Amounts are
accrued that are believed to be adequate to address any liabilities related
to legal proceedings and other loss contingencies that are reasonably
estimable.

Wired Real Estate Group, Inc. v. Machine Zone, Inc., JAMS

On March 13, 2018, Wired Real Estate Group, Inc. (“WiredRE”) filed a Demand
for Arbitration against the Company with JAMS
in Las Vegas, Nevada (the “Demand”). While the allegations in the Demand are
vague and do not identify specific claims, the Demand attempts to allege
claims for breach of contract and unjust enrichment arising from the
parties’
AsiaPac Market Data Center/Services Provider Procurement contract. On April
20, 2018, the Company filed its answer to the arbitration demand and
counterclaims seeking relief for breach of contract, breach of the implied
covenant of good faith
and fair dealing, and unjust enrichment against WiredRE.

For the most part, WiredRE’s contention had been that its damages are
around $1.2 million plus legal fees and interest until later in the
litigation when it increased its claimed damages to between $7.5 million to
15.0 million. The arbitration hearing took place between February 24 – 26,
2020
in Las Vegas, Nevada. On February 28, 2020, the arbitrator issued an award
rejecting all of WiredRE’s claims, ruling in favor of the Company, and
declaring the Company the prevailing party in this arbitration. The
arbitrator additionally
awarded the Company attorneys’ fee in the amount of approximately $454,000
to be paid by WiredRE.

F-96

15. Stockholders’ Deficit Convertible Preferred Stock The convertible
preferred stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at December 31, 2018, is
as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                 Shares               Net        Aggregate  
                   Shares    Issued and          Carrying       Liquidati…  
               Authorized    Outstandi…            Amount       Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740    113,538,7…    $        4,881    $       4,941  
  Series B     92,502,640    91,145,440             7,345            7,387  
  Series C    142,499,110    142,499,1…           376,314          376,970  
  Series D     77,599,580    65,709,968           253,883          254,035  
  Total       426,140,070    412,893,2…    $      642,423    $     643,333  
                                                                            
The convertible preferred stock authorized, issued, and outstanding at
December 31, 2019, is as follows (dollars in thousands):
                                                                            
                                 Shares               Net        Aggregate  
                   Shares    Issued and          Carrying       Liquidati…  
               Authorized    Outstandi…            Amount       Preference  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Series A    113,538,740    113,538,7…    $        4,881    $           —  
  Series B     92,502,640    91,145,440             7,345                —  
  Series C    142,499,110    141,180,4…           134,121           93,370  
  Series D     65,709,968    55,526,655            62,190           53,667  
  Total       414,250,458    401,391,2…    $      208,537    $     147,037  
                                                                            
In July 2019, the Company issued Convertible Notes of $42.9 million to the
holders of Series C and Series D upon conversion of 1,318,694 shares of
Series C and 10,183,313 shares of Series D preferred shares (the
“Conversion”, See Note 10. Convertible Promissory Note). The Conversion was
accounted for as an extinguishment for Series C and Series D converted to
the Convertible Notes. The fair value of the Series C and Series D converted
was $1.1 million less than carrying amount of related Series C and Series D,
which represented a return from the holders of Series C and D converted and
recorded as a credit to the accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2019. The
significant rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of Series A,
B, C and D are as follows: Dividends The holders of Series A, B, C, and D
are entitled to receive non-cumulativeannual dividends at the rate of
$0.00348144, $0.00648392, $0.2116328, and $0.30928 per share, respectively,
when and if declared by the Company’s Board of Directors, prior and in
preference to dividends on common stock. Any additional dividends shall be
paid ratably to holders of common and preferred stock, with the holders of
preferred stock participating on an as-ifconverted basis. As of December 31,
2019, no dividends were declared or unpaid on Series A, B, C, and D
convertible preferred stock. Liquidation Right Prior to March 2019, in the
event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company (a
“Liquidation Event,” as defined in the Company’s articles of incorporation),
either voluntary or F-97

involuntary, the holders of Series A, B, C, and D will be entitled to
receive, prior and in preference to any distribution to the holders of
common stock, an amount equal to the original issuance
price of $0.043518, $0.081049, $2.64541, and $3.866, respectively, as
adjusted for any stock splits, combinations, recapitalizations, or the like,
plus any declared and unpaid dividends. If the assets legally available are
insufficient to satisfy
the entire liquidation preference of Series A, B, C, and D, the funds will
be distributed ratably to the holders of Series A, B, C, and D. The
remaining assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of
common stock.

In March 2019, the Company completed a recapitalization agreement with i)
all holders of Series A and Series B preferred shares waiving
100% of their Series A and Series B liquidation preference and ii) all
holders of Series C and all but one holder of Series D, irrevocably and
unconditionally, agreed to voluntarily convert at least 75% of the shares of
its each Series C and Series
D shares into common stock immediately prior to a liquidation event in
exchange for an additional 185 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock.

The arrangement to waive 100% of the liquidation preference in Series A and
Series B is accounted as a modification as the waiver on the
liquidation preference has no impacts on the fair value of Series A and
Series B before and after the modification. Accordingly, the modification
has no impacts to the Company’s’ consolidated financial statements.

The agreement to convert at least 75% of Series C and Series D into common
stock in exchange for additional 185 million share of
the Company’s common stock was accounted for as an extinguishment in the
Series C and Series D Preferred Stock. The extinguishment resulted in a new
basis for the Series C and D Preferred Stock. Under extinguishment
accounting, the difference
between the fair value of the total consideration transferred and the
carrying value of the Series C and D extinguished is recorded to retained
earnings (accumulated deficit). As of December 31, 2019, the Company
recorded $298.2 million
against the accumulated deficit.

Upon completion of the above-mentioned arrangements, in the event of any
liquidation, dissolution,
or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders
of Series C and D will be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to
any distribution to the holders of common stock and other series of
preferred stock, an amount equal
to $94.2 million (“Series C Capped Preference”) and $86.0 million (“Series D
Capped Preference”), respectively, as adjusted for any stock splits,
combinations, recapitalizations, or the like, plus any declared and
unpaid dividends. If the assets legally available are insufficient to
satisfy the entire liquidation preference of Series C and D, the funds will
be distributed ratably to the holders of Series C and D in proportion to the
preferential amount each
such holder of Series C and D is otherwise entitled to receive. The
remaining assets, if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of
common stock, Series A and Series B based on the number of shares of common
stock then held by them on an as-converted basis.

In July 2019, upon the conversion of 1,318,694 shares of Series C and
10,183,313 shares of Series D Preferred Shares into Convertible Promissory
Notes, the Series C and Series D Capped Preference was accordingly reduced
to $93.4 million and $53.7 million, respectively.

Voting

The holders of
Series A, B, C, and D have voting rights equal to the number of shares of
common stock into which such shares of Series A, B, C, and D are then
convertible. Additionally, so long as at least 53,587,770, 42,611,600 and
71,249,550 shares of Series A,
Series B and Series C, respectively, remain outstanding, the holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of Series A, Series B and Series C,
voting as a separate class, are entitled to each elect one member of the
Board of Directors. The holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock, voting as a
separate class, are

F-98

entitled to elect two members of the Board of Directors. The holders of a
majority of the outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock,
voting together as a single class and on an as-converted basis, are entitled
to elect three independent members of the Board of Director. Each member of
the Board should have two votes on each matter to be acted upon at each
meeting and for each action by
written consent of the Board of Director, except for a director of Nogreno
Limited who only holds one vote.

Conversion

Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible, at the option of the holder,
at any time after the date of issuance of such share, into
such number of shares of Common Stock as is determined by dividing the
Series A Original Issue Price, Series B Original Issue Price, Series C
Original Issue Price or Series D Original Issue Price, as applicable, by the
conversion price applicable to
such share, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends,
combinations, recapitalizations, and the like. The conversion rate in effect
at any time for Series A, B, C, and D will be the quotient obtained by
dividing the original issue
price for such shares of preferred stock by the conversion price. Each share
of Series A, B, C, and D will automatically convert into shares of common
stock, based on the then effective conversion price, upon the earlier of
either (i) an
initial public offering with aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of at
least $200.0 million, or (ii) upon the written consent by the majority
holders of the then outstanding shares of Series A, B, C, and D, voting on
an as converted
basis. At December 31, 2019, the conversion ratio for Series A, B, C, and D
is one to one.

Redemption

Series A, B, C, and D convertible preferred stock is nonredeemable.

Creation of Management Carve-OutPlan

In September 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the creation of
a management/key employee carve-out plan, which provides certain employees
of the Company with a bonus compensation opportunity in the event of a sale
or other liquidation event of the Company, in an aggregate amount not to
exceed
$80.0 million. The management carve-out plan was finalized in approved in
June 2019.

Treasury Stock

In May 2018, one of the Company’s founders resigned from his position as
Chief Executive Officer and a member of
the Board of Directors. In connection with the resignation, the founder
returned 192,263,107 shares of common stock to the Company, all of which
were designated as treasury stock.

In June 2018, one of the Company’s founders resigned from his position as
Chief Technology Officer and member of the Board of
Directors. In connection with the resignation, the founder returned
119,459,903 shares of common stock to the Company, all of which were
retired.

In October 2018, one of the Company’s founders returned 35,000,000 shares of
common stock to the Company, all of which were
designated as treasury stock.

In March 2019, the Company re-issued 185 million shares
of treasury stock to the holders Series C and D in exchange for them to
waive their liquidation preference in Series C and D.

The
Company recorded the receipt of the shares as treasury stock. Treasury stock
activity is presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of
stockholders’ deficit.

F-99

Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance The Company has reserved at
December 31, 2019, the following shares of common stock for future
issuances:
                                                       
  Series A convertible preferred stock    113,538,740  
  Series B convertible preferred stock     91,145,440  
  Series C convertible preferred stock    141,180,416  
  Series D convertible preferred stock     55,526,655  
  Preferred stock warrants outstanding      1,357,200  
  Common stock warrants outstanding         3,552,790  
  Stock option plan:                                   
  Options outstanding                     161,245,819  
  Options available for future grants     202,341,952  
  Non-plan options:                                    
  Options outstanding                      13,433,141  
  Options available for future grants          62,509  
  Total                                   783,384,662  
                                                       
Stock Incentive Plan In 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors amended the
Company’s 2009 Plan to increase the total number of shares of common stock
authorized for issuance of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock
options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units (collectively
“equity awards”) to eligible participants from 361,374,594 to 629,458,331
shares. Under the Plan, the exercise price of an option cannot be less than
100% or 85% of the fair value of one share of common stock on the date of
grant for incentive or non-statutorystock options, respectively (not less
than 110% of the fair value for stockholders owning greater than 10% of all
classes of stock). Fair value is determined by the Board of Directors.
Equity awards granted generally vest over a four-year period from the date
of grant at a rate of 25% after one year, then monthly on a straight-line
basis thereafter. Options granted generally are exercisable up to 10 years,
and restricted stock awards and restricted stock units generally have a
contractual term of 7 years. Option holders are allowed to exercise unvested
options to acquire restricted shares only upon approval of the administrator
of the Plan. Upon termination of service, the Company has the right to
repurchase at the original purchase price of any unvested (but issued)
common shares. In September 2018, the Board approved an option exchange
whereby employees with outstanding stock options, with per share exercise
prices above $0.45, are permitted within a certain time frame to tender
those options for cancellation and in exchange for the grant of replacement
options at an exercise price based on the fair market value of the option at
the grant date and subject to the same exercisability and vesting terms of
the original grant. The Company accounted for the option exchange as a stock
option modification in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718 Share-Based
Compensationand recorded incremental stock-based compensation expense of
$3.9 million in addition to the remaining stock-based compensation expense
attributable to the exchanged stock options. F-100

A summary of the Company’s stock option activity, including stock options
issued outside of the Plan, for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 is
as follows (dollars in thousands, except share and per share amounts):
                                                                            
                                      Options     Weighted                  
                                   Outstandi…      Average                  
                                     Weighted    Remaining                  
                                      Average    Contract…       Aggregate  
                Number of            Exercise         Term       Intrinsic  
                   Shares               Price      (Years)           Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance—…    156,267,9…       $        0.77         5.11                  
  31, 2017                                                                  
  Options      131,742,9…       $        0.47                               
  granted                                                                   
  Options      (7,504,228  )    $        0.15                 $      3,558  
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (113,668,…  )    $        1.00                               
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    166,837,7…       $        0.41         6.31                  
  31, 2018                                                                  
  Options      18,634,919       $        0.48                               
  granted                                                                   
  Options      (3,651,417  )    $        0.05                 $      2,126  
  exercised                                                                 
  Options      (45,204,6…  )    $        0.42                               
  cancelled                                                                 
  Balance—…    136,616,6…       $        0.42         6.96                  
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Vested                                                                    
  and          82,749,451       $        0.38         6.76                  
  exercisa…                                                                 
  31, 2019                                                                  
  Vested                                                                    
  and                                                                       
  expected                                                                  
  to           124,761,9…       $        0.41         5.56                  
  vest—Dec…                                                                 
  31,                                                                       
  2019                                                                      
  Remaining                                                                 
  weighted                                                                  
  average            2.30                                                   
  amortiza…                                                                 
  (in                                                                       
  years)                                                                    
                                                                            
The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted for the year
ended December 31, 2019 was $0.21 per share. A summary of the Company’s RSAs
activity for the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 is as follows:
                                                                            
                                                                  Weighted  
                                                             Average Grant  
                                          Number of              Date Fair  
                                         Restricted              Value per  
                                       Stock Awards                  Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31,           2,563,546       $           0.03  
  2017                                                                      
  Granted                               139,980,500       $           0.49  
  Vested                                 (2,563,546  )    $           0.01  
  Cancelled/forfeited                             —       $           0.01  
  Unvested balance—December 31,         139,980,500       $           0.49  
  2018                                                                      
  Granted                                41,900,000       $           0.55  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                   (47,899,992  )    $           0.49  
  Unvested balance—December 31,         133,980,508       $           0.51  
  2019                                                                      
                                                                            
The intrinsic value of RSAs vested was $3.6 million for the years ended
December 31, 2018. The number of RSAs expected to vest as of December 31,
2019 was zero as the achievement of the performance vesting condition was
not deemed probable. F-101

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units In 2017, the Company began to grant
to employees PRSs that generally vest upon the satisfaction of both a time-
based condition of up to four years and a performance vesting condition. The
PRSUs satisfy the performance vesting condition on the first to occur of (i)
the date of a change in control or (ii) the date after the completion of the
lock-upperiod following an initial public offering. As of December 31, 2018
and 2019, 15,515,607 and 32,294,923, respectively, shares of PRSUs have met
their service-period condition; however, the achievement of the performance
vesting condition was not deemed probable and accordingly, no stock-based
compensation expense was recognized for the PRSUs for the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2019. If the performance vesting condition had been
satisfied for the PRSUs as of December 31, 2019, stock-based compensation
expense of $31.7 million would have been recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2019. A summary of
the Company’s PRSUs activity for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019
is as follows:
                                                                            
                                          Number of               Weighted  
                                        Performance          Average Grant  
                                              Based              Date Fair  
                                         Restricted              Value per  
                                        Stock Units                  Share  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2017     25,060,205       $           1.41  
  Granted                                 3,267,933       $           0.56  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (7,088,382  )    $           1.25  
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2018     21,239,756       $           1.33  
  Granted                                20,449,474       $           0.55  
  Vested                                          —       $           0.00  
  Cancelled/forfeited                    (3,683,248  )    $           1.25  
  Unvested balance—December 31, 2019     38,005,982       $           0.92  
                                                                            
The number of PRSUs expected to vest as of December 31, 2019 was zero as the
achievement of the performance vesting condition was not deemed probable.
Common Stock Repurchases In April and December 2018, the Company repurchased
approximately 173,750 shares of the Company for an aggregate price of $0.2
million. These shares are retired and included in the Company’s authorized
but unissued Plan shares. As a result of the repurchase, the Company
recorded $0.2 million in the accumulated deficit in the consolidated balance
sheets. F-102

The stock-based compensation and stock-based compensation expense recognized
for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 are as follows (in
thousands):
                                                             
                                     2018           2019     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue               $   1,882       $    675     
  Research and development          7,600          4,967     
  Sales and marketing               3,202            684     
  General and administrative        1,270          1,550     
                                   13,954          7,876     
  Less: capitalization               (648  )        (447  )  
  Total                         $  13,306       $  7,429     
                                                             
The above stock-based compensation expenses also included immaterial
expenses related to stock options issued to the non-employees. As of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company had $80.8 million and $10.7 million
of unamortized stock-based compensation expense, respectively, excluding
estimated forfeitures, which will be amortized over a weighted-averageperiod
of 2.86 years and 2.30 years, respectively. 16. Income Taxes Net loss before
income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 consisted of the
following components (in thousands):
                                                                           
                                                2018              2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                            $  53,066       $  (235,427  )  
  Foreign                                        (95  )              6     
  Net income (loss) before income taxes    $  52,971       $  (235,421  )  
                                                                           
The income tax expenses (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2018 and
2019 consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                      
  Current:        2018          2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────── 
  Federal      $     —       $     —  
  State            (22  )        450  
  Foreign          128            43  
  Deferred:                           
  Federal         (217  )          —  
  State            (15  )          —  
  Foreign            8           180  
  Total        $  (118  )    $   673  
                                      
In 2019, the Company’s effective tax rate differs significantly from the US
statutory rate of 21% due to change in the valuation allowance, interest
from the convertible notes, prior year true-upsand tax credits. For the year
ended December 31, 2018, the difference between the Company’s effective tax
rate and the US statutory rate was due to prior year true-ups,research tax
credits, and change in valuation allowance. F-103

On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Act”) was signed into
law. The new legislation decreases the U.S. corporate federal income tax
rate from 35 percent to 21 percent effective January 1, 2018. The change in
Federal statutory tax rate caused a one-timereduction of $104.3 million of
the cumulative gross deferred tax asset balance. The change in the deferred
tax asset was offset entirely by a valuation allowance. The Act also
includes a number of other provisions including the elimination of loss
carrybacks and limitations on the use of future losses, and repeal of the
Alternative Minimum Tax regime. These provisions are not expected to have
immediate effect on the Company. The Company’s deferred tax assets and
liabilities at December 31, 2018 and 2019, are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
  Deferred tax assets:                           2018              2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net operating losses                    $   125,271       $   141,659     
  Property, equipment and software             28,154            25,906     
  Accrued expenses                              1,064             1,469     
  Stock based compensation                      2,836             3,021     
  Research and development tax credits         32,692            37,028     
  Deferred rent                                 4,180             2,715     
  Total deferred tax assets                   194,197           211,798     
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                 
  Property equipment and software                 (40  )            (42  )  
  Less: valuation allowance                  (194,160  )       (211,721  )  
  Net deferred tax liability              $        (3  )    $        35     
                                                                            
As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company has net operating loss
carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately $575.8
million and $659.8 million respectively, and state income tax purposes of
approximately $40.5 million and $47.7 million, respectively. The operating
loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income will begin to
expire in 2034 for federal and state purposes. At December 31, 2018, the
Company had research credit carryforwards of approximately $23.1 million and
$22.5 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. The
Company has research credit carryforwards of approximately $25.0 million and
$26.6 million for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively, as of
December 31, 2019. If not utilized, the federal carryforward will expire in
various amounts beginning in 2030. The state credit can be carried forward
indefinitely. Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) Sections 382 and 383, as amended
and similar state provisions, place a limitation on the amount of taxable
income which can be offset by carryforward tax attributes, such as net
operating losses or tax credits, after a change in control. Generally, after
a change in control, a loss corporation cannot deduct carryforward tax
attributes in excess of the limitation prescribed by Section 382 and 383.
The Company does not believe the use of its net operating loss carryforwards
are subject to limitation under IRC Section 382 as of December 31, 2018 and
2019. However, the Company’s federal and state tax attributes may be subject
to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income
in future periods where the annual limitation may result in the expiration
of these tax attributes before utilization. In assessing the realizability
of the Company’s deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is
more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. F-104

The Company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to
estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to
permit use of the existing deferred tax assets. On the
basis of this evaluation, the Company applied a valuation allowance against
most of its U.S. federal and state net deferred taxes of approximately
$194.1 million and $211.7 million at December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

The Company has unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $11.5 million and
$12.1 million as of December 31, 2018 and
2019, respectively. Of these unrecognized tax benefits, approximately $0.2
million and $0.5 million resulted in the accrual of a liability in
accordance with ASC 740 as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.
Included in the
balance of unrecognized tax benefits are approximately $11.3 million and
$11.6 million of tax benefits that, if recognized, would result in (1)
adjustments to deferred taxes; and (2) would not affect the effective tax
rate as of
December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, due to a full valuation allowance.
On the basis of the information available as of December 31, 2019, the
Company does not expect any significant changes to the total amount of
unrecognized tax
benefits within the next 12 months.

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits on the
general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the Company’s
accrued interest and penalties expense (benefit) related to the unrecognized
tax benefits was
immaterial.

The Company’s primary tax jurisdiction is the United States. The Company
files corporation tax returns in
California, New Hampshire, Delaware, Germany and Japan. Generally, in the
U.S. federal and state jurisdictions, tax periods in which certain loss and
credit carryovers are generated, remain open for audit until such time as
the limitation period
ends for the year in which such losses or credits are utilized. All tax
periods remain open to examination with respect to foreign jurisdictions.

Under the Act, the federal corporate AMT law was repealed. The Company
expects a refund of the 2017 federal AMT over next four years
starting 2018.

17. Employee Benefit Plan

The Company has a defined contribution 401(k) retirement plan covering all
employees who have met certain eligibility requirements.
Eligible employees may contribute pretax compensation up to the maximum
amount allowable under the Internal Revenue Service limitations. Employee
contributions and earnings thereon vest immediately. The Company matches one
hundred percent of the
first three percent of employees’ contributions up to a cap of $280,000 per
year. The Company’s matching contributions, net of any refund, totaled $2.3
million and $1.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively.

18. Subsequent Events

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the issuance date of the
consolidated financial statements to determine whether they should be
disclosed to keep the consolidated financial statements being misleading.
The Company noted the following
subsequent events that should be disclosed:

Reduction in Force

In May 2020, the Company announced a reduction-in-force
impacting approximately 140 of the Company’s employees.

F-105

Merger

In May 2020, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with Applovin
Corporation (the “Acquirer”) pursuant to which the
Company will be a wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquirer (the
“Acquisition”). The Acquisition was completed and closed on May 19, 2020. As
part of the merger agreement, the Acquirer assumed or extinguished through
payments of cash
and equity or assumed the Company’s Accounts Receivable Loan I and Financing
Agreement, outstanding Convertible Notes, capital and operating leases,
trade payables and the remaining Series C and Series D liquidation
preference.

Lease Termination

In
connection with the Acquisition, the Company entered into a lease amendment
arrangement with the landlord for the Company’s buildings located at 1100
and 1200 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA. Under the lease amendment, Company
and landlord agreed
to terminate Company’s sublease arrangement for the 1200 Page Mill Road
building, release Company from its payment obligation under a pre-existing
lease termination agreement with landlord and release the
letter of credit held by landlord with respect to the building located at
1200 Page Mill Road. In consideration of the early termination, the Acquirer
made a payment in cash equal to the letter of credit currently in place on
1200 Page Mill Road and
issued warrants of the Acquirer’s common stock to the property owner.

F-106

APPLOVIN CORPORATION UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS The following unaudited pro forma combined statements of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 is presented to give effect
to Applovin Corporation’s (“AppLovin”) acquisition of Machine Zone, Inc.
(“Machine Zone”) (the “Acquisition”) on May 19, 2020 (the “Acquisition
Date”) for an aggregate acquisition price of $328.6 million, comprised of
(a) $287.1 million in cash, (b) 4,229,332 warrants to purchase AppLovin’s
Class A common stock with an exercise price of $0.0033 per share and a
10-yearterm, (c) warrants to purchase up to 2,999,987 shares of AppLovin’s
Class A common stock with an exercise price of $26.6667 per share and a
10-yearterm, and (d) a settlement of the preexisting accounts receivable
balance of $3.3 million. The pro forma information was prepared based on the
historical consolidated statements of operations of AppLovin and Machine
Zone after giving effect to the Acquisition using the acquisition method of
accounting, and after applying the assumptions, reclassifications, and
adjustments described in the accompanying notes. The unaudited pro forma
combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020,
reflect the acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2020, the first
day of AppLovin’s most recently completed fiscal year. The Acquisition of
Machine Zone has been reflected in AppLovin’s historical audited
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 and, therefore, no
unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet has been presented herein. The
unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations was based on and should
be read in conjunction with the following historical financial statements
and accompanying notes:
                                                                            
       Separate audited historical consolidated financial statements and    
       accompanying notes of AppLovin as of and for the year                
  •    ended December 31, 2020 included elsewhere in this prospectus; and   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Separate unaudited historical consolidated financial statements of   
       Machine Zone as of and for the three months ended                    
  •    March 31, 2020 included elsewhere in this prospectus.                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
The pro forma financial information has been prepared by us in accordance
with Regulation S-XArticle 11, Pro Forma Financial Information, as amended
by the final rule, Release No. 33-10786,which is referred to herein as
Article 11. The pro forma adjustments are described in the accompanying
footnotes. Adjustments included in the column under the heading “Transaction
Accounting Adjustments” in the pro forma combined statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2020 consist of those necessary to account
for the Acquisition as if it took place on January 1, 2020. Separately,
Applovin borrowed an additional $300.0 million to fund this Acquisition
under Amended Credit Agreement in May 2020. The adjustments related to this
issuance of debt are reflected in a separate column as “Debt Financing
Adjustments”. The unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations is
presented for informational purposes only and is not intended to represent
or be indicative of the combined results of operations that AppLovin would
have reported had the Acquisition been completed as of the date and for the
periods presented and should not be taken as representative of its
consolidated results of operations following the Acquisition. In addition,
the unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations is not intended to
project the future financial results of operations of the combined company.
F-107

The unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations does not reflect
any cost
savings, operating synergies or revenue enhancements that the combined
company may achieve as a result of the Acquisition, costs necessary to
achieve such measures, or costs to integrate the operations of the combined
company. Machine Zone’s
historical consolidated financial statements for the period from January 1,
2020 to May 19, 2020 include $11.8 million in non-recurring transaction
expenses (including transaction related
bonuses) recognized as General and administrative expense. The Company’s
historical consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2020 also include $11.5 million in non-recurring transaction expenses
(including transaction related retention awards and payments) recognized
primarily as General and administrative expense. These costs will not affect
the statement of income beyond twelve months after the acquisition date.

F-108

APPLOVIN CORPORATION UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands, except share
and per share data)
                                                                            
                             …                                              
                             …                                              
                             …             …                                
                             …             …                                
                             …             …             …             …    
                             …             …             …             …    
                             …      …      …      …      …      …      …    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             —             …      B      —             …    
                                                                            
                             …             …      C      —             …    
                             …             …      B      —             …    
                                           …      C      —                  
                                           …      D      —                  
                             …             —             —             …    
                             …             …      D      —             …    
                             —             —             —             …    
                             —             —             —             …    
                             …      A      —             —             —    
                             —             …             —             …    
                             —             …             —             …    
                                                                            
                             —             …      E      …      H      …    
                             —             …      F      —             …    
                             —             …             …             …    
                             —             …             …             …    
                             —             …      G      …      I      …    
                             —             …             …             …    
                                                                       …    
                             —             …             …             …    
                                                                       —    
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                            
                                                                       …    
                                                                       …    
                                                                            
                                           …      J                    …    
                                           …      J                    …    
                                                                            
F-109

APPLOVIN CORPORATION NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 1. Description of the Machine Zone Acquisition
Machine Zone Acquisition: On May 19, 2020, AppLovin acquired Machine Zone,
Inc., a privately held company specializing in mobile gaming. The Company
purchased all of the outstanding shares of the capital stock of Machine Zone
and settled all Machine Zone debt for an aggregate acquisition price of
$328.6 million comprising $287.1 million cash paid to Machine Zone lenders,
common stock warrants issued to Machine Zone lenders and preferred
stockholders with the aggregate fair value of $38.2 million and a settlement
of the preexisting accounts receivable balance of $3.3 million. The
transaction is expected to expand the Company’s Apps portfolio and has been
accounted for as a business combination in accordance with ASC 805, Business
Combinations. Transaction costs incurred by AppLovin in connection with the
acquisition, including professional fees, were $2.8 million. The results of
operations for Machine Zone are included in AppLovin’s consolidated
financial statements from the acquisition date through December 31, 2020
accordingly. For purposes of this pro forma analysis, the above total
purchase price has been allocated as follows based on an estimate of the
fair value of assets and liabilities acquired as of May 19, 2020 (in
millions):
                                                           
  Cash                                       $    37.8     
  Accounts receivable and other current           27.3     
  assets                                                   
  Intangible Assets                                        
  Tradename—estimated useful life of 10           13.0     
  years                                                    
  Apps—estimated useful life of 3-5 years        272.0     
  IP license—useful life of 2 years               28.6     
  Goodwill                                        82.4     
  Right-of-use assets under operating            125.6     
  leases                                                   
  Property, equipment and other tangible          42.3     
  assets                                                   
  Accounts payable, accrued liabilities          (81.6  )  
  and other liabilities                                    
  Deferred revenue                               (43.2  )  
  License Obligations                            (35.7  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                   (139.9  )  
  Total purchase consideration               $   328.6     
                                                           
This purchase price allocation has been used to prepare the transaction and
other accounting adjustments in the unaudited pro forma combined statement
of operations. Debt Financing: In connection with the Machine Zone
acquisition, in May 2020, Applovin borrowed an additional $300.0 million
under the Credit Agreement (the “Debt Financing” in our pro forma
adjustments and our pro forma combined statement of operations), on
substantially the same terms applicable to the existing term loan, with the
exception of 1) the quarterly payment, which is equal to 0.25% of the
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Debt Financing, and 2) the
applicable margin, which is equal to 4.00% in the case of LIBOR rate loans
and 3.00% in the case of base rate loans. In F-110

connection with the Debt Financing, Applovin paid $1.5 million in fees to an
affiliate of KKR Denali, a principal stockholder of the Company. 2. Pro
forma adjustments The Transaction Accounting Adjustments and the Debt
Financing Adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma combined statement
of operations are as follows:
                                                                            
       Represents reclassification of $17.9 million from separate           
  (A)  Depreciation and Amortization line to Cost                           
       of revenue, Sales and marketing, Research and development and to     
       General and administrative.                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents elimination of the intercompany revenues and expenses     
       between AppLovin and Machine Zone during historical pre-acquisition  
  (B)  period from January 1, 2020 to May 19, 2020.                         
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents amortization expense of $23.6 million related to the      
       fair value of acquired identifiable intangible                       
       assets, net of the amortization expense already reflected in actual  
       historical results. While $23.1 million of amortization expense      
       related to the acquired developed Apps intangible assets is          
       recognized as Cost of revenue expense based                          
  (C)  on an estimated weighted average useful life of 4 years, the         
       remaining $0.5 million amortization expense related to the acquired  
       tradename intangible asset is recognized as Sales and marketing      
       expense based on an estimated useful life of                         
       10 years. The amortization of the intangible assets is based on a    
       straight-line amortization method as this represents management’s    
       best estimate of the pattern of utilization for the intangible       
       assets.                                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents the impact of new compensation arrangements entered into  
       contemporaneously with the Acquisition on the pre-acquisition        
  (D)  period results from January 1, 2020 to May 19, 2020.                 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents a decrease in interest expense (including amortization    
  (E)  of debt related paid-in-kind interest, discounts and fees) of        
       $112.5 million related to Machine Zone debt settled as part of the   
       Acquisition.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents a decrease in other income of $1.7 million to eliminate   
  (F)  fair value adjustments related to Machine                            
       Zone’s liability classified warrants for the historical              
       pre-acquisition period from January 1, 2020 to May 19, 2020.         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents tax effect of the Transaction Accounting Adjustments      
  (G)  above at the blended federal and state statutory rate                
       of approximately 22.94%.                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents an increase in interest expense (including amortization   
       of debt related discounts and fees) of                               
       $6.5 million during the pre-acquisition period from January 1, 2020  
       to May 19, 2020 in connection with AppLovin’s new Debt Financing     
  (H)  effective January 1, 2020. A one-eighth percent change in the        
       interest rate of the AppLovin’s Debt Financing would result in an    
       increase or a decrease in the pro forma interest expense by $0.4     
       million for the year ended                                           
       December 31, 2020.                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents tax effect of the Debt Financing Adjustment above at the  
  (I)  blended federal and state statutory rate of                          
       approximately 22.94%.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       To reflect the additional 4.2 million warrants with a nominal        
       exercise price to purchase AppLovin’s                                
       Class A common stock issued as part of the Acquisition on May 19,    
  (J)  2020.                                                                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
F-111

APPLOVIN

PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of
Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth all expenses to be
paid by us, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, upon
completion of this offering. All amounts shown are estimates except for the
SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee and the exchange listing fee.
                                                   
                                           Amount  
                                            to be  
                                             Paid  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  SEC registration fee                 $        *  
  FINRA filing fee                              *  
  Exchange listing fee                    295,000  
  Printing and engraving expenses               *  
  Legal fees and expenses                       *  
  Accounting fees and expenses                  *  
  Transfer agent and registrar fees         5,000  
  Miscellaneous expenses                        *  
  Total                                $        *  
                                                   
                                
  *  To be filed by amendment.  
                                
Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Section 145 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a corporation’s board of
directors to grant, and authorizes a court to award, indemnity to officers,
directors and other corporate agents. We have adopted an amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, which will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, and which will contain
provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to
the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our directors
will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages
for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for the
following:
                                                                            
  •    any breach of their duty of loyalty to our company or our            
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional   
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or      
  •    redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the                        
       Delaware General Corporation Law; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any transaction from which they derived an improper personal         
       benefit.                                                             
                                                                            
Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or
reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission or
claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the
Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further
limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the
personal liability of our directors will be further limited to the greatest
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. In addition, we
have adopted amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective
immediately prior to the completion of this offering, and which will provide
that we will indemnify, to the II-1

fullest extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of
the fact that they are or were one of our
directors or officers or is or was serving at our request as a director or
officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws will provide that we may
indemnify to the fullest
extent permitted by law any person who is or was a party or is threatened to
be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that
they are or were one of our employees or agents or is or was serving at our
request as an
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws will also provide that
we must advance expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director or officer
in advance of the
final disposition of any action or proceeding, subject to limited
exceptions.

Further, we have entered into indemnification
agreements with each of our directors and executive officers that may be
broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained in the
Delaware General Corporation Law. These indemnification agreements require
us, among other things, to
indemnify our directors and executive officers against liabilities that may
arise by reason of their status or service. These indemnification agreements
also require us to advance all expenses incurred by the directors and
executive officers in
investigating or defending any such action, suit or proceeding. We believe
that these agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified
individuals to serve as directors and executive officers.

The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions that will be
included in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and the indemnification
agreements that we have entered into with our directors and executive
officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our
directors and executive officers for
breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of
derivative litigation against our directors and executive officers, even
though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders.
Further, a stockholder’s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of
settlement and damage awards against directors and executive officers as
required by these indemnification provisions. At present, we are not aware
of any pending litigation
or proceeding involving any person who is or was one of our directors,
officers, employees or other agents or is or was serving at our request as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, for which indemnification is sought, and we are not aware
of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification.

We have obtained insurance policies under which, subject to the limitations
of the policies, coverage is provided to our directors and
executive officers against loss arising from claims made by reason of breach
of fiduciary duty or other wrongful acts as a director or executive officer,
including claims relating to public securities matters, and to us with
respect to payments that
may be made by us to these directors and executive officers pursuant to our
indemnification obligations or otherwise as a matter of law.

Certain of our non-employee directors may, through their relationships with
their employers, be
insured or indemnified against certain liabilities incurred in their
capacity as members of our board of directors.

The
underwriting agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this registration statement
will provide for indemnification by the underwriters of us and our officers
and directors for certain liabilities arising under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the
Securities Act, or otherwise.

II-2

Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.

Since December 1, 2017, we have issued the following unregistered
securities:

Preferred Stock Issuances

In August 2018, we sold an aggregate of 36,363,636 shares (109,090,908
shares after giving effect to our
1-to-3 forward stock split in May 2020, or the Forward Stock Split) of our
Series A convertible preferred stock to an accredited investor at a purchase
price of $11.00
per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $399,999,996.

Option Issuances

From December 1, 2017 through the filing date of this registration
statement, we granted to our directors, officers, employees,
consultants and other service providers options to purchase an aggregate of
34,631,258 shares (after giving effect to the Forward Stock Split) of our
Class A common stock under our equity compensation plans at exercise prices
ranging from
approximately $1.676667 to $27.03 per share.

Securities Issued in Connection with Acquisitions

From December 1, 2017 through the filing date of this registration
statement, we issued an aggregate of 10,492,311 shares (after
giving effect to the Forward Stock Split) of our Class A common stock and
issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of 7,424,256 shares (after giving
effect to the Forward Stock Split) of our Class A common stock in connection
with our
acquisitions of certain companies.

In November 2020, we issued a convertible security in connection with a
strategic
partnership with Athena FZE. Such security is convertible into shares of our
Class A common stock starting 61 days following this offering. The
convertible security may be converted, at the option of the holder, into a
number of shares of our
Class A common stock equal to $40.0 million divided by a conversion price
equal to (i) the preceding 20-day volume-weighted average trading price per
share of Class A common stock
multiplied by (ii) 0.8. If any portion of the convertible security is
converted by November 12, 2021, we have agreed to redeem in cash such
remaining portion of the convertible security. If the holder does not
convert the entire maximum
conversion amount by November 18, 2021, we shall redeem the remaining
conversion amount for cash. If this offering does not close on or prior to
November 18, 2021, we shall redeem the convertible security for $40.0
million in cash.
The convertible security does not entitle the holder to any voting rights or
other rights as a stockholder prior to conversion.

None of the foregoing transactions involved any underwriters, underwriting
discounts or commissions, or any public offering. We believe
the offers, sales and issuances of the above securities were exempt from
registration under the Securities Act (or Regulation D or Regulation S
promulgated thereunder) by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
because the issuance of
securities to the recipients did not involve a public offering, or in
reliance on Rule 701 because the transactions were pursuant to compensatory
benefit plans or contracts relating to compensation as provided under such
rule. The recipients of the
securities in each of these transactions represented their intentions to
acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for
sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends
were placed upon the stock
certificates issued in these transactions. All recipients had adequate
access, through their relationships with us, to information about us. The
sales of these securities were made without any general solicitation or
advertising.

II-3

Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibits See the
Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page hereto for a list of
exhibits filed as part of this registration statement on Form S-1,which
Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. Financial Statement
Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because the
information called for is not required or is shown either in the
consolidated financial statements or in the notes thereto. ITEM 17.
UNDERTAKINGS. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the
underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreement
certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required
by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. Insofar as
indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may
be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the
registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the
registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and
Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the
event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than
the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director,
officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of
any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or
controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the
registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been
settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the
final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned registrant hereby
undertakes that:
                                                                            
         For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities     
         Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of              
         prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in         
  (1)    reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus      
         filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or       
         497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of      
         this registration statement as of the time it was declared         
         effective.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
         For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities  
         Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that                    
  (2)    contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new          
         registration statement relating to the securities offered          
         therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall    
         be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.            
                                                                            
II-4

EXHIBIT INDEX
                                                                            
             Description                                                    
             Form of Underwriting Agreement.                                
             Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among the registrant,     
             Morocco, Inc., Morocco Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Machine       
             Zone, Inc., dated as of May 19,                                
  Exhibit    2020.                                                          
  Number     Amended and Restated Share Purchase Agreement, by and among    
  1.1        the registrant, Applovin Active Holdings, LLC, Adjust GmbH,    
  2.1*       the shareholders of Adjust GmbH, and Spree Eternity GmbH,      
  2.2#       dated as of March 12, 2021.                                    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  3.1*       Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the       
             registrant, as amended and currently in effect.                
             Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of   
  3.2        the registrant, to be in effect upon completion of this        
             offering.                                                      
  3.3*       Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant, as currently    
             in effect.                                                     
  3.4        Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant, to be   
             in effect upon completion of this offering.                    
  4.1*       Form of Class A common stock certificate of the registrant.    
             Investors’ Rights Agreement among the registrant and certain   
  4.2        holders of its capital stock, dated as of August 15, 2018, as  
             amended.                                                       
  4.3*       Form of Warrant to Purchase Class A Common Stock.              
  4.4*       Convertible Security for Class A Common Stock, dated as of     
             November 18, 2020.                                             
  5.1^       Opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.              
  10.1+*     Form of Indemnification Agreement between the registrant and   
             each of its directors and executive officers.                  
  10.2+*     Applovin Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan and related    
             form agreements.                                               
  10.3+      AppLovin Corporation 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and related    
             form agreements.                                               
  10.4+      AppLovin Corporation 2021 Executive Incentive Compensation     
             Plan.                                                          
  10.5+      AppLovin Corporation 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and     
             related form agreements.                                       
  10.6       AppLovin Corporation 2021 Partner Studio Incentive Plan and    
             related form agreements.                                       
  10.7+*     Applovin Corporation Outside Director Compensation Policy.     
  10.8+      Executive Change in Control and Severance Plan and Summary     
             Plan Description.                                              
  10.9+*     Form of Confirmatory Employment Letter between the registrant  
             and each of its executive officers.                            
             Amended and Restated Sublease, by and between 1050 Page Mill   
  10.10*     Road Property, LLC and Applovin Corporation, dated as of       
             February 18, 2021.                                             
             Credit Agreement, by and between the registrant, the lenders   
  10.11*     from time to time thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as        
             administrative agent and                                       
             collateral agent, dated August 15, 2018.                       
             Amendment No.                                                  
             1 to Credit Agreement, by and between the registrant, the      
  10.12*     lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of America, N.A.,   
             as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated April 23,  
             2019.                                                          
                                                                            
II-5
                                                                            
             Description                                                    
             Amendment No.                                                  
             2 to Credit Agreement, by and between the registrant, the      
             lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of America, N.A.,   
             as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated April 27,  
             2020.                                                          
             Amendment No.                                                  
  Exhibit    3 to Credit Agreement, by and between the registrant, the      
  Number     lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of America, N.A.,   
  10.13*     as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated May 6,     
  10.14*     2020.                                                          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
             Amendment No.                                                  
             4 to Credit Agreement, by and between the registrant, the      
  10.15*     lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of America, N.A.,   
             as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated October    
             27, 2020.                                                      
             Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, by and between the        
  10.16      registrant, the lenders from time to time thereto and Bank of  
             America, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent,   
             dated February 12, 2021.                                       
             Exchange Agreement between the registrant and each of Adam     
  10.17      Foroughi, Herald Chen, KKR Denali Holdings, L.P., and certain  
             related entities, dated March 16, 2021.                        
  10.18      Equity Exchange Agreement between the registrant and Herald    
             Chen, dated March 16, 2021.                                    
  10.19      Director Nominations Agreement between the registrant and KKR  
             Denali Holdings, L.P., dated March 16, 2021.                   
  21.1       List of subsidiaries of the registrant.                        
  23.1       Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered       
             Public Accounting Firm.                                        
  23.2       Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Auditors.                     
  23.3^      Consent of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. (included    
             in Exhibit 5.1).                                               
  24.1*      Power of Attorney (included on page II-7 of the original       
             filing of this registration statement).                        
                                                                            
                                
  ^  To be filed by amendment.  
                                
                        
  *  Previously filed.  
                        
                                                          
  +  Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  
                                                          
                                                                            
     Certain exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted in    
     accordance with                                                        
  #  Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). We agree to furnish supplementally a    
     copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and       
     Exchange Commission upon its request.                                  
                                                                            
II-6

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
registrant has duly caused this registration statement on Form S-1to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the
City of Palo Alto, State of California, on the 22nd day of March, 2021.
                                                            
       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                                 
  By:                        /s/ Adam Foroughi              
                             Adam Foroughi Chief Executive  
                             Officer                        
                                                            
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this
registration statement on Form S-1has been signed by the following persons
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
                                                                            
                                          Title                             
                                          Chief                             
                                          Executive                         
                                          Officer and                       
                                          Chairperson                       
                                          (Principal                        
                                          Executive                         
                                          Officer)                          
                                          Chief                             
                                          Financial                         
        /s/ Adam                          Officer,                          
        Foroughi                          President, and                    
        Adam Foroughi                     Director                          
        /s/ Herald                        (Principal        Date            
        Chen                              Financial         March 22, 2021  
        Herald Chen     Signature         Officer)          March 22, 2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                          Chief                             
        /s/ Elena                         Accounting                        
        Arutunian                         Officer           March 22, 2021  
        Elena                             (Principal                        
        Arutunian                         Accounting                        
                                          Officer)                          
        *                                 Director          March 22, 2021  
        Craig Billings                                                      
        *                                                                   
        Margaret                          Director          March 22, 2021  
        Georgiadis                                                          
        *                                                                   
        Edward                            Director          March 22, 2021  
        Oberwager                                                           
        *                                 Director          March 22, 2021  
        Cathy Sun                                                           
        *                                 Director          March 22, 2021  
        Eduardo Vivas                                                       
                        /s/ Adam                                            
  *By:                  Foroughi          Attorney-in-F…                    
                        Adam Foroughi                                       
                                                                            
II-7
