As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2023
Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 AppLovin Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)
                                                            
  Delaware                           45-3264542             
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer       
  incorporation or organization)     Identification Number  
                                                            
1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (800) 839-9646 (Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of
registrant’s principal executive offices) Adam Foroughi Co-Founder,Chief
Executive Officer and Chairperson Herald Chen President and Chief Financial
Officer AppLovin Corporation 1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304
(800) 839-9646 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of agent for service) Copies to:
                                                                            
  Rezwan D. Pavri                                                           
  Lisa L. Stimmell Colin G.                Victoria Valenzuela              
  Conklin Lang Liu                         Lonnie Huang AppLovin            
  Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati,        Corporation 1100 Page Mill Road  
  Professional Corporation                 Palo Alto, California 94304      
  650 Page Mill Road Palo                  (800) 839-9646                   
  Alto, California 94304 (650) 493-9300                                     
                                                                            
From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement.
(Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If the
only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to
dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box: ☐
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on
a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act
of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or
interest reinvestment plans, check the following box: ☒ If this Form is
filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule
462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective
registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-
effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act,
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General
Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become
effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the
Securities Act, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is a post-effective
amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction
I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of
securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the
following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-acceleratedfiler, a smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
“large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐

PROSPECTUS

AppLovin Corporation

Class A Common Stock

Preferred Stock

Debt Securities

Depositary Shares

Warrants

Subscription Rights

Purchase Contracts

Units

We
may issue securities from time to time in one or more offerings, in amounts,
at prices and on terms determined at the time of such offering. This
prospectus describes the general terms of these securities and the general
manner in which these
securities will be offered. We will provide the specific terms of these
securities in supplements to this prospectus, which will also describe the
specific manner in which these securities will be offered and may also
supplement, update or amend
information contained in this prospectus. You should read this prospectus
and any applicable prospectus supplement before you invest.

In addition, selling securityholders to be named in a supplement to this
prospectus may from time to time offer or sell our
securities. To the extent that any selling securityholders resell any of our
securities, the selling securityholders may be required to provide you with
this prospectus and a prospectus supplement identifying and containing
specific information
about the selling securityholders and the amount and terms of the securities
being offered. Unless the applicable prospectus supplement provides
otherwise, we will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of our
securities by selling
securityholders.

The securities may be sold directly to you, through agents or through
underwriters and dealers. If
agents, underwriters or dealers are used to sell the securities, we will
name them and describe their compensation in a prospectus supplement. The
price to the public of those securities and the net proceeds we expect to
receive from that sale will
also be set forth in a prospectus supplement.

Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
under the symbol “APP.” On May 31, 2023, the last reported sale price of our
Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was $25.01 per
share. Each prospectus supplement will indicate whether the securities
offered
thereby will be listed on any securities exchange.

Investing in these securities involves risks. Please carefully read the
information under the headings “ Risk Factors” beginning on page 4 of this
prospectus and “Item 1A—Risk Factors” of our most recent report on Form
10-Kor 10-Qor under similar heading in any other document that is
incorporated by reference in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus
supplement before you invest in our securities.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon
the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.

The date of this prospectus is June 1, 2023.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                               
                                         Page  
  About This Prospectus                    ii  
  Prospectus Summary                        1  
  Risk Factors                              4  
  Forward-Looking                           4  
  Statements                                   
  Use of Proceeds                           5  
  Description of Securities                 5  
  Description of Capital Stock              5  
  Description of Debt Securities            5  
  Description of Depositary Shares         13  
  Description of Warrants                  16  
  Description of Subscription Rights       17  
  Description of Purchase Contracts        18  
  Description of Units                     19  
  Selling Securityholders                  19  
  Plan of Distribution                     19  
  Legal Matters                            21  
  Experts                                  22  
  Where You Can Find More Information      22  
  Incorporation by Reference               22  
                                               
i

ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS

This prospectus is part of an automatic registration statement on Form S-3
that we
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using a
“shelf” registration process as a “well-known seasoned issuer” as defined
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”). Under this shelf registration process, we or selling
securityholders may from time to time sell any combination of the
securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings. There is
no limit on the aggregate
amount of securities that we or selling securityholders may offer pursuant
to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part.

This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities
that may be offered. Each time we or selling
securityholders sell securities, we will provide one or more prospectus
supplements that will contain specific information about the terms of the
offering. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change
information contained in this
prospectus. You should read both this prospectus and any applicable
prospectus supplement together with the additional information described
under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.” This prospectus
contains summaries of
certain provisions contained in certain documents described herein, but
reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of
the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents.

We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is
different from that contained, or incorporated by
reference, in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or in
any related free writing prospectus. We take no responsibility for, and
can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information
that others may give you. This
prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free
writing prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation
of an offer to buy any securities other than the securities described in
the applicable prospectus
supplement or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such
securities in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is
unlawful. You should assume that the information appearing in this
prospectus, any prospectus
supplement, the documents incorporated by reference and any related free
writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective dates. Our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may
have changed materially since those
dates.

ii

PROSPECTUS SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information that is presented in greater
detail elsewhere, or incorporated by reference, in this prospectus. It
does not contain all of the information that may be important to you and
your investment decision. Before investing in our securities, you should
carefully read this entire prospectus, including the matters set forth
under the section of this prospectus captioned “Risk Factors” and the
financial statements and related notes and other information that we
incorporate by reference herein, including our Annual Report on Form
10-Kand our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.Unless the context indicates
otherwise, references in this prospectus to “AppLovin Corporation,” “we,”
“our” and “us” refer, collectively, to AppLovin Corporation, a Delaware
corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries.

Company Overview

Our
mission is to help companies grow their apps and accelerate their
business. Our full stack software solution provides advanced tools for
mobile app developers to grow their businesses by automating and
optimizing the marketing and monetization of
their apps. We also operate a portfolio of owned mobile apps and
accelerated our market penetration through an active acquisition and
partnership strategy. Our scaled business model sits at the nexus of the
mobile app ecosystem, which creates a
durable competitive advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our
strong growth.

Since our founding in
2011, we have been focused on building a software-based platform for
mobile app developers to improve the marketing and monetization of their
apps. Our founders, who are mobile app developers themselves, quickly
realized the real impediment to
success and growth in the mobile app ecosystem was a discovery and
monetization problem—breaking through the congested app stores to
efficiently find users and successfully grow their business. Their first-
hand experience with these developer
challenges led to the development of our infrastructure and
software—AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin Software Platform. We
capitalized on our success and understanding of the mobile app ecosystem
by launching AppLovin Apps in 2018. Our
Apps have grown to consist of a globally diversified portfolio of hundreds
of free-to-play mobile games across various genres, run by numerous
studios.

Corporate Information

We
were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July 2011.
Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo
Alto, California 94304, and our telephone number is (800)
839-9646. Our website address is www.applovin.com. Information contained
on, or that is referenced or that can be accessed through, our website
does not constitute part of this prospectus and inclusions of our
website address in this prospectus are inactive textual references only.

“AppLovin,” our logo, and our other
registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names
appearing in this prospectus are the property of AppLovin Corporation.
Other trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus are the
property of their respective owners.

The Securities That May Be Offered

We or selling securityholders may offer or sell Class A common stock,
preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities,
warrants, subscription rights, purchase contracts and units in one or more
offerings and in any combination. Each time securities are offered with
this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will
describe the specific amounts,
prices and terms of the securities being offered and the net proceeds we
expect to receive from that sale. Unless the applicable prospectus
supplement provides otherwise, we will not receive any of the proceeds
from the sale of our securities by
selling securityholders.

1

The securities may be sold to or through underwriters, dealers or agents
or
directly to purchasers or as otherwise set forth in the section of this
prospectus captioned “Plan of Distribution.” Each prospectus supplement
will set forth the names of any underwriters, dealers, agents or other
entities involved in the
sale of securities described in that prospectus supplement and any
applicable fee, commission or discount arrangements with them.

Class A Common Stock

We or selling securityholders may offer shares of our Class A common
stock, par value $0.00003 per share, either alone or
underlying other registered securities convertible into our Class A common
stock. Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to receive
dividends declared by our board of directors out of funds legally
available for the payment of
dividends, subject to rights, if any, of preferred stockholders. We have
not paid dividends in the past and have no current plans to pay dividends.
Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share. The
holders of
Class A common stock have no preemptive rights.

Preferred Stock

Our board of directors has the authority, subject to limitations
prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or
more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be
included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences
and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications,
limitations or restrictions, in
each case without further vote or action by our stockholders. Each series
of preferred stock offered by us or selling securityholders will be more
fully described in the particular prospectus supplement that will
accompany this prospectus, including
redemption provisions, rights in the event of our liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, voting rights and rights to convert into Class A common
stock.

Depositary Shares

We may issue fractional shares of preferred stock that will be represented
by depositary shares and depositary receipts.

Each series of depositary shares or depositary receipts offered by us or
selling securityholders will be more fully described
in the particular prospectus supplement that will accompany this
prospectus, including redemption provisions, rights in the event of our
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voting rights and rights to
convert into Class A common stock.

Debt Securities

We or selling securityholders may offer secured or unsecured obligations
in the form of one or more series of senior or
subordinated debt. The senior debt securities and the subordinated debt
securities are together referred to in this prospectus as the “debt
securities.” The subordinated debt securities generally will be entitled
to payment only after
payment of our senior debt. Senior debt generally includes all debt for
money borrowed by us, except debt that is stated in the instrument
governing the terms of that debt to be not senior to, or to have the same
rank in right of payment as, or to
be expressly junior to, the subordinated debt securities. We or selling
securityholders may offer debt securities that are convertible into shares
of our Class A common stock.

The debt securities will be issued under an indenture between us and a
trustee to be identified in an accompanying prospectus
supplement. We have summarized the general features of the debt securities
to be governed by the indenture in this prospectus and the form of
indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part.
We encourage you to read the indenture.

2

Warrants

We or selling securityholders may offer warrants for the purchase of Class
A common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities or depositary shares. We or selling securityholders may offer
warrants independently or together with other securities.

Subscription Rights

We or selling securityholders may offer subscription rights to purchase
our Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt
securities, depositary shares, warrants or units consisting of some or all
of these securities. These subscription rights may be offered
independently or together with any other security offered and may or may
not be transferable by the
securityholder receiving the subscription rights in such offering.

Purchase Contracts

We or selling securityholders may offer purchase contracts, including
contracts obligating holders or us to purchase from the
other a specific or variable number of securities at a future date or
dates.

Units

We or selling securityholders may offer units comprised of two or more of
the other classes of securities described in this
prospectus in any combination. Each unit will be issued so that the holder
of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit.

Selling Securityholders

Selling securityholders are persons or entities that, directly or
indirectly, have acquired or will from time to time acquire
from us, our securities. Information about selling securityholders, if
any, will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. See “Selling
Securityholders” in this prospectus.

Use of Proceeds

We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from the sale of securities
by us as set forth in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Unless the applicable prospectus supplement provides
otherwise, we will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of
securities by selling securityholders.

3

RISK FACTORS

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The
prospectus supplement applicable to each offering of our
securities will contain a discussion of the risks applicable to an
investment in our securities. Prior to making a decision about investing
in our securities, you should carefully consider the specific factors
discussed under the section in the
applicable prospectus supplement captioned “Risk Factors,” together with
all of the other information contained or incorporated by reference in the
prospectus supplement or appearing or incorporated by reference in this
prospectus. You
should also consider the risks, uncertainties and assumptions discussed
under “Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors” of our most recent Annual Report on
Form 10-K and in
“Part II—Item 1A—Risk Factors” in our most recent Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q filed subsequent to such Form 10-K that are
incorporated herein by reference, as may be amended, supplemented or
superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the
future. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only
ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also affect our operations.

FORWARD-LOOKINGSTATEMENTS

This prospectus, each prospectus supplement and the
information incorporated by reference in this prospectus and each
prospectus supplement contain certain statements that constitute “forward-
looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
“Exchange Act”). The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,”
“continue,” “anticipate,”
“intend,” “expect,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,” “potentially,”
“likely,” and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to
identify forward-looking
statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such
statements. Those statements appear in this prospectus, any accompanying
prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated herein and therein by
reference, particularly in the
sections captioned “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and include
statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of our
management that
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. You
are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual
results may differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a
result of various factors.

Because forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of
which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely upon forward-
looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and
circumstances reflected in the
forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities
laws of the United States and
the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not plan to publicly update or
revise any forward-looking statements contained herein after we distribute
this prospectus, whether as a result of any new information, future events
or otherwise.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect
our beliefs and opinions on the relevant
subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of
the date such statements were made, and although we believe such
information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or incomplete, and
our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted a
thorough inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant
information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are
cautioned not to unduly rely upon
these statements.

This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this
prospectus may contain market data
that we obtain from industry sources. These sources do not guarantee the
accuracy or completeness of the information. Although we believe that our
industry sources are reliable, we do not independently verify the
information. The market data may
include projections that are based on a number of other projections. While
we believe these assumptions to be reasonable and sound, actual results
may differ from the projections.

4

USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds we receive from the sale
of securities by us as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement.
Unless the applicable prospectus supplement provides otherwise, we will
not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of our securities by selling
securityholders. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES We or selling securityholders
may offer from time to time, in one or more offerings, the following
securities:
                                                                      
  •    shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.00003 per share;  
                                                                      
                                                                 
  •    shares of preferred stock, par value $0.00003 per share;  
                                                                 
                           
  •    depositary shares;  
                           
                                                                            
       debt securities, which may be senior or subordinated, and which may  
  •    be convertible into our Class A                                      
       common stock or be non-convertible;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    warrants to purchase from us shares of our Class A common stock or   
       preferred stock or other securities;                                 
                                                                            
                             
  •    subscription rights;  
                             
                                
  •    purchase contracts; and  
                                
                                                                    
  •    units representing two or more of the foregoing securities.  
                                                                    
We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement and/or free
writing prospectus a description of any Class A common stock, preferred
stock, depositary shares, debt securities, warrants, subscription rights,
purchase contracts or units issued by us that may be offered or sold
pursuant to this prospectus. The terms of the offering of securities, the
initial offering price and the net proceeds to us will be contained in the
prospectus supplement, and other offering material, relating to such offer.
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The description of our capital stock is
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Annual Report on Form
10-Kfor the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on
February 28, 2023. DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES The following description,
together with the additional information we include in any applicable
prospectus supplement, summarizes certain general terms and provisions of
the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus. When we offer
to sell a particular series of debt securities, we will describe the
specific terms of the series in a supplement to this prospectus. We will
also indicate in the supplement to what extent the general terms and
provisions described in this prospectus apply to a particular series of debt
securities. We may issue debt securities either separately, or together
with, or upon the conversion or exercise of or in exchange for, other
securities described in this prospectus. Debt securities may be our senior,
senior subordinated or subordinated obligations and, unless otherwise
specified in a supplement to this prospectus, the debt securities will be
our direct, unsecured obligations and may be issued in one or more series. 5

The debt securities will be issued under an indenture between us and a
trustee to be identified in an accompanying prospectus supplement. We have
summarized material provisions of the debt securities and select portions of
the indenture below. The summary is not complete and is subject to, and
qualified in its entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the
indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. The form of
the indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part and you should read the indenture for
provisions that may be important to you. Supplemental indentures and forms
of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered
will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by reference from reports that
we file with the SEC, as applicable. In the summary below, we have included
references to the section numbers of the indenture so that you can easily
locate these provisions. Capitalized terms used in the summary and not
defined herein have the meanings specified in the indenture. Unless the
context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to an indenture, we also are
referring to any supplemental indentures that specify the terms of a
particular series of debt securities. General The terms of each series of
debt securities will be established by or pursuant to a resolution of our
board of directors and set forth or determined in the manner provided in a
resolution of our board of directors, in an officer’s certificate or by a
supplemental indenture. The particular terms of each series of debt
securities will be described in a prospectus supplement relating to such
series (including any pricing supplement or term sheet). We can issue an
unlimited amount of debt securities under the indenture that may be in one
or more series with the same or various maturities, at par, at a premium, or
at a discount. We will set forth in a prospectus supplement (including any
pricing supplement or term sheet) relating to any series of debt securities
being offered the aggregate principal amount and the terms of the debt
securities, including, if applicable:
                                                                            
  •    the title and ranking of the debt securities (including the terms    
       of any subordination provisions);                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal      
  •    amount) at which we will sell the debt                               
       securities, which may be sold at a discount below their stated       
       principal amount;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the debt            
       securities;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the date or dates on which the principal of the securities of the    
       series is payable;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or the  
       method used to determine the rate or rates                           
       (including any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or   
  •    financial index) at which the debt securities will bear interest,    
       the date or dates from which interest will accrue, the date or       
       dates on which interest will commence and be payable                 
       and any regular record date for the interest payable on any          
       interest payment date;                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the place or places where principal of, and interest, if any, on     
       the debt securities will be payable (and the                         
  •    method of such payment), where the securities of such series may be  
       surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and where      
       notices and demands to us in respect of the debt securities may be   
       delivered;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which     
  •    and the terms and conditions upon which we                           
       may redeem the debt securities;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any obligation we have to redeem or purchase the debt securities     
       pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous                            
       provisions or at the option of a holder of debt securities and the   
  •    period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and     
       the terms and conditions upon which securities of the series shall   
       be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part,                       
       pursuant to such obligation;                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the dates on which and the price or prices at which we will          
  •    repurchase debt securities at the option of the                      
       holders of debt securities and other detailed terms and provisions   
       of these repurchase obligations;                                     
                                                                            
6
                                                                            
       the denominations in which the debt securities will be issued, if    
  •    other than denominations of $1,000 and any                           
       integral multiple thereof;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       whether the debt securities will be issued in the form of            
  •    certificated debt securities or global debt                          
       securities;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the portion of principal amount of the debt securities payable upon  
  •    declaration of acceleration of the                                   
       maturity date, if other than the principal amount;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the currency of denomination of the debt securities, which may be    
       United States dollars or any foreign                                 
  •    currency, and if such currency of denomination is a composite        
       currency, the agency or organization, if any, responsible for        
       overseeing such composite currency;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in     
  •    which payment of principal of, premium and                           
       interest on the debt securities will be made;                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if payments of principal of, premium or interest on the debt         
       securities will be made in one or more currencies                    
  •    or currency units other than that or those in which the debt         
       securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate    
       with respect to these payments will be determined;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal of,          
       premium, if any, or interest on the debt                             
  •    securities will be determined, if these amounts may be determined    
       by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by     
       reference to a commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or   
       financial index;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any provisions relating to any security provided for the debt        
       securities;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of Default      
       described in this prospectus or in the                               
  •    indenture with respect to the debt securities and any change in the  
       acceleration provisions described in this prospectus or in the       
       indenture with respect to the debt securities;                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants described    
  •    in this prospectus or in the indenture with                          
       respect to the debt securities;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate    
  •    calculation agents or other agents with                              
       respect to the debt securities;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any other terms of the debt securities, which may supplement,        
       modify or delete any provision of the indenture                      
  •    as it applies to that series, including any terms that may be        
       required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in         
       connection with the marketing of the securities; and                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       whether any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries will guarantee    
  •    the debt securities of that series,                                  
       including the terms of subordination, if any, of such guarantees.    
                                                                            
We may issue debt securities that provide for an amount less than their
stated principal amount to be due and payable upon declaration of
acceleration of their maturity pursuant to the terms of the indenture. We
will provide you with information on the federal income tax considerations
and other special considerations applicable to any of these debt securities
in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we denominate the purchase price
of any of the debt securities in a foreign currency or currencies or a
foreign currency unit or units, or if the principal of and any premium and
interest on any series of debt securities is payable in a foreign currency
or currencies or a foreign currency unit or units, we will provide you with
information on the restrictions, elections, general tax considerations,
specific terms and other information with respect to that issue of debt
securities and such foreign currency or currencies or foreign currency unit
or units in the applicable prospectus supplement. Transfer and Exchange Each
debt security will be represented by either one or more global securities
registered in the name of a clearing agency registered under the Exchange
Act, which we refer to as the depositary, or a nominee of the 7

depositary (we will refer to any debt security represented by a global debt
security as a “book-entry debt security”), or a certificate issued in
definitive registered form (we will refer to any debt security represented
by a certificated security as a “certificated debt security”) as set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement. Except as set forth under the
heading “Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System” below, book-entry
debt securities will not be issuable in certificated form. Certificated Debt
Securities You may transfer or exchange certificated debt securities at any
office we maintain for this purpose in accordance with the terms of the
indenture. No service charge will be made for any transfer or exchange of
certificated debt securities, but we may require payment of a sum sufficient
to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection with a
transfer or exchange. You may effect the transfer of certificated debt
securities and the right to receive the principal of, premium and interest
on certificated debt securities only by surrendering the certificate
representing those certificated debt securities and either reissuance by us
or the trustee of the certificate to the new holder or the issuance by us or
the trustee of a new certificate to the new holder. Global Debt Securities
and Book-Entry System Each global debt security representing book-entry debt
securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, the depositary, and
registered in the name of the depositary or a nominee of the depositary.
Covenants We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement any
restrictive covenants applicable to any issue or series of debt securities.
No Protection in the Event of a Change of Control Unless we state otherwise
in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not
contain any provisions which may provide holders of the debt securities
protection in the event we have a change in control or in the event of a
highly leveraged transaction (whether or not such transaction results in a
change in control) which could adversely affect holders of debt securities.
Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets We may not consolidate with or
merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of
our properties and assets to any person, which we refer to as a successor
person, unless:
                                                                            
       we are the surviving corporation or the successor person (if other   
       than us) is a corporation organized and                              
  •    validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction    
       and expressly assumes our obligations on the debt securities and     
       under the indenture; and                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or    
  •    Event of Default, shall have occurred and be                         
       continuing.                                                          
                                                                            
Notwithstanding the above, any of our subsidiaries may consolidate with,
merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to us. Events of
Default “Event of Default” means with respect to any series of debt
securities, any of the following:
                                                                            
       default in the payment of any interest upon any debt security of     
  •    that series when it becomes due and payable,                         
       and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the  
       entire amount of the                                                 
                                                                            
8
                                                      
  payment is deposited by us with the trustee or      
  with a paying agent prior to the expiration of the  
  30-day period);                                     
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    default in the payment of principal of any security of that series   
       at its maturity;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       default in the performance or breach of any other covenant or        
       warranty by us in the indenture (other than a                        
       covenant or warranty that has been included in the indenture solely  
       for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than that       
  •    series), which default continues uncured for a period of 60 days     
       after we receive written notice from the trustee, or                 
       we and the trustee receive written notice from the holders of not    
       less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt            
       securities of that series as provided in the indenture;              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    certain voluntary or involuntary events of bankruptcy, insolvency    
       or reorganization of us; and                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any other Event of Default provided with respect to debt securities  
  •    of that series that is described in the                              
       applicable prospectus supplement.                                    
                                                                            
No Event of Default with respect to a particular series of debt securities
(except as to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization)
necessarily constitutes an Event of Default with respect to any other series
of debt securities. The occurrence of certain Events of Default or an
acceleration under the indenture may constitute an event of default under
certain indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries outstanding from time to
time. We will provide the trustee written notice of any Default or Event of
Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such Default
or Event of Default, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the
status of such Default or Event of Default and what action we are taking or
propose to take in respect thereof. If an Event of Default with respect to
debt securities of any series at the time outstanding occurs and is
continuing (except an Event of Default resulting from certain events of
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization), then the trustee or the holders
of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities
of that series may, by a notice in writing to us (and to the trustee if
given by the holders), declare to be due and payable immediately the
principal of (or, if the debt securities of that series are discount
securities, that portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the
terms of that series) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all debt
securities of that series. In the case of an Event of Default resulting from
certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal
(or such specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on
all outstanding debt securities will become and be immediately due and
payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or
any holder of outstanding debt securities. At any time after a declaration
of acceleration with respect to debt securities of any series has been made,
but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been
obtained by the trustee, the holders of a majority in principal amount of
the outstanding debt securities of that series may rescind and annul the
acceleration if all Events of Default, other than the non-paymentof
accelerated principal and interest, if any, with respect to debt securities
of that series, have been cured or waived as provided in the indenture. We
refer you to the prospectus supplement relating to any series of debt
securities that are discount securities for the particular provisions
relating to acceleration of a portion of the principal amount of such
discount securities upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. The
indenture will provide that the trustee may refuse to perform any duty or
exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture unless the trustee
receives indemnity satisfactory to it against any cost, liability or expense
which might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such
right or power. Subject to certain rights of the trustee, the holders of a
majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any
series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of
conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or
exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee with respect to the
debt securities of that series. 9

No holder of any debt security of any series will have any right to
institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the
indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any remedy
under the indenture, unless:
                                                                            
       that holder has previously given to the trustee written notice of a  
  •    continuing Event of Default with respect                             
       to debt securities of that series; and                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the          
       outstanding debt securities of that series have                      
       made written request, and offered indemnity or security              
       satisfactory to the trustee, to the trustee to institute the         
  •    proceeding as trustee, and the trustee has not received from the     
       holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the       
       outstanding debt securities of that series a direction inconsistent  
       with that request and has failed to institute the proceeding within  
       60 days.                                                             
                                                                            
Notwithstanding any other provision in the indenture, the holder of any debt
security will have an absolute and unconditional right to receive payment of
the principal of, premium and any interest on that debt security on or after
the due dates expressed in that debt security and to institute suit for the
enforcement of payment. The indenture requires us, within 120 days after the
end of our fiscal year, to furnish to the trustee a statement as to
compliance with the indenture. If a Default or Event of Default occurs and
is continuing with respect to the securities of any series and if it is
known to a responsible officer of the trustee, the trustee shall send to
each securityholder of the securities of that series notice of a Default or
Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a
responsible officer of the trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of
Default. The indenture will provide that the trustee may withhold notice to
the holders of debt securities of any series of any Default or Event of
Default (except in payment on any debt securities of that series) with
respect to debt securities of that series if the trustee determines in good
faith that withholding notice is in the interest of the holders of those
debt securities. Modification and Waiver We and the trustee may modify,
amend or supplement the indenture or the debt securities of any series
without the consent of any holder of any debt security:
                                                        
  •    to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency;  
                                                        
                                                                            
       to comply with covenants in the indenture described above under the  
  •    heading “Consolidation, Merger and                                   
       Sale of Assets”;                                                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    to provide for uncertificated securities in addition to or in place  
       of certificated securities;                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    to add guarantees with respect to debt securities of any series or   
       secure debt securities of any series;                                
                                                                            
                                                                      
  •    to surrender any of our rights or powers under the indenture;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
  •    to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the         
       holders of debt securities of any series;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable           
       depositary;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any  
       holder of debt securities;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and  
  •    conditions of debt securities of any                                 
       series as permitted by the indenture;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       to effect the appointment of a successor trustee with respect to     
  •    the debt securities of any series and to add                         
       to or change any of the provisions of the indenture to provide for   
       or facilitate administration by more than one trustee; or            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or         
  •    maintain the qualification of the indenture under                    
       the Trust Indenture Act.                                             
                                                                            
10

We may also modify and amend the indenture with the consent of the holders
of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of each series affected by the modifications or amendments. We
may not make any modification or amendment without the consent of the
holders of each affected debt security then outstanding if that amendment
will:
                                                                            
  •    reduce the amount of debt securities whose holders must consent to   
       an amendment, supplement or waiver;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest        
  •    (including default interest) on any debt                             
       security;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       reduce the principal of or premium on or change the fixed maturity   
       of any debt security or reduce the amount                            
  •    of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund  
       or analogous obligation with respect to any series of debt           
       securities;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    reduce the principal amount of discount securities payable upon      
       acceleration of maturity;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       waive a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or       
       interest on any debt security (except a                              
       rescission of acceleration of the debt securities of any series by   
  •    the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of  
       the then outstanding debt securities of that series and a waiver of  
       the payment default that resulted from such                          
       acceleration);                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       make the principal of or premium or interest on any debt security    
  •    payable in currency other than that stated                           
       in the debt security;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       make any change to certain provisions of the indenture relating to,  
       among other things, the right of holders                             
  •    of debt securities to receive payment of the principal of, premium   
       and interest on those debt securities and to institute suit for the  
       enforcement of any such payment and to waivers or amendments; or     
                                                                            
                                                                      
  •    waive a redemption payment with respect to any debt security.  
                                                                      
Except for certain specified provisions, the holders of at least a majority
in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on
behalf of the holders of all debt securities of that series waive our
compliance with provisions of the indenture. The holders of a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on
behalf of the holders of all the debt securities of such series waive any
past default under the indenture with respect to that series and its
consequences, except a default in the payment of the principal of, premium
or any interest on any debt security of that series; provided, however, that
the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of any series may rescind an acceleration and its consequences,
including any related payment default that resulted from the acceleration.
Defeasance of Debt Securities and Certain Covenants in Certain Circumstances
Legal Defeasance The indenture will provide that, unless otherwise provided
by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities, we may be
discharged from any and all obligations in respect of the debt securities of
any series (subject to certain exceptions). We will be so discharged upon
the irrevocable deposit with the trustee, in trust, of money and/or U.S.
government obligations or, in the case of debt securities denominated in a
single currency other than U.S. dollars, government obligations of the
government that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through
the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms, will
provide money or U.S. government obligations in an amount sufficient in the
opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or
investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal, premium
and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the
debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in
accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities. This
discharge may occur only if, among other things, we have delivered to the
trustee an opinion of counsel stating that we have received from, or there
has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a 11

ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has been a
change in the applicable United States federal income tax law, in either
case to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that,
the holders of the debt securities of that series will not recognize income,
gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of
the deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to United States
federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the
same times as would have been the case if the deposit, defeasance and
discharge had not occurred. Defeasance of Certain Covenants The indenture
will provide that, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable
series of debt securities, upon compliance with certain conditions:
                                                                            
       we may omit to comply with the covenant described under the heading  
       “Consolidation, Merger and Sale of                                   
  •    Assets” and certain other covenants set forth in the indenture, as   
       well as any additional covenants which may be set forth in the       
       applicable prospectus supplement; and                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any omission to comply with those covenants will not constitute a    
  •    Default or an Event of Default with respect                          
       to the debt securities of that series.                               
                                                                            
We refer to this as covenant defeasance. The conditions include:
                                                                            
       depositing with the trustee money and/or U.S. government             
       obligations or, in the case of debt securities                       
       denominated in a single currency other than U.S. dollars,            
       government obligations of the government that issued or caused to    
       be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and   
       principal in accordance with their terms, will provide               
  •    money in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally         
       recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment      
       bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal of, premium  
       and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments              
       in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated       
       maturity of those payments in accordance with the terms of the       
       indenture and those debt securities;                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or         
  •    constitute a default under the indenture or any                      
       other agreement to which we are a party;                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       no Default or Event of Default with respect to the applicable        
  •    series of debt securities shall have occurred or                     
       is continuing on the date of such deposit; and                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       delivering to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that   
       we have received from, or there has been                             
       published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling    
       or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has been a   
       change in the applicable United States federal income tax law, in    
       either case to the effect that, and based thereon                    
  •    such opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt securities  
       of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United    
       States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and    
       related covenant defeasance and will be subject                      
       to United States federal income tax on the same amounts and in the   
       same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if     
       the deposit and related covenant defeasance had not occurred.        
                                                                            
No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees or Stockholders None
of our past, present or future directors, officers, employees or
stockholders, as such, will have any liability for any of our obligations
under the debt securities or the indenture or for any claim based on, or in
respect or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a
debt security, each holder waives and releases all such liability. This
waiver and release is part of the consideration for the issue of the debt
securities. However, this waiver and release may not be effective to waive
liabilities under U.S. federal securities laws, and it is the view of the
SEC that such a waiver is against public policy. 12

Governing Law

The indenture and the debt securities, including any claim or controversy
arising out of or relating to the indenture or the
securities, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

The indenture will provide that we, the trustee and
the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt
securities) irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out
of or relating to the
indenture, the debt securities or the transactions contemplated thereby.

The indenture will provide that any legal suit,
action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the indenture or the
transactions contemplated thereby may be instituted in the federal courts of
the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts
of the State of New York
in each case located in the City of New York, and we, the trustee and the
holder of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities)
irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such
courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The indenture will further
provide that service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to
the extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such
party’s address set
forth in the indenture will be effective service of process for any suit,
action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The indenture will
further provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities
(by their acceptance of
the debt securities) irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to
the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the courts
specified above and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to
plead or claim any such
suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES

General

We may,
at our option, elect to offer fractional shares of preferred stock, or
depositary shares, rather than full shares of preferred stock. If we do, we
will issue to the public receipts, called depositary receipts, for
depositary shares, each of which
will represent a fraction, to be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement, of a share of a particular series of preferred stock. Unless
otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement, each owner of a depositary
share will be entitled, in
proportion to the applicable fractional interest in a share of preferred
stock represented by the depositary share, to all the rights and preferences
of the preferred stock represented by the depositary share. Those rights may
include dividend,
voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation rights.

The shares of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares
will be deposited with a bank or trust company selected by us to act as
depositary under a deposit agreement between us, the depositary and the
holders of the depositary receipts. The depositary will be the transfer
agent, registrar and dividend
disbursing agent for the depositary shares.

The depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts issued
pursuant to the deposit agreement. Holders of depositary receipts agree to
be bound by the deposit agreement, which requires holders to take certain
actions such as filing proof of residence and paying certain charges.

The summary of terms of the depositary shares contained in this prospectus
is not complete. You should refer to the applicable
deposit agreement, our certificate of incorporation and the certificate of
designation for the applicable series of preferred stock that are, or will
be, filed with the SEC.

Dividends and Other Distributions

The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash
distributions, if any, received in respect of the preferred
stock underlying the depositary shares to the record holders of depositary
shares in proportion to the

13

numbers of depositary shares owned by those holders on the relevant record
date. The relevant record date for depositary shares will be the same date
as the record date for the underlying
preferred stock.

If there is a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will
distribute property (including
securities) received by it to the record holders of depositary shares,
unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make the
distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with our approval, adopt
another method for the
distribution, including selling the property and distributing the net
proceeds from the sale to the holders.

Liquidation Preference

If a series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares has a
liquidation preference, in the event of our voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of depositary
shares will be entitled to receive the fraction of the liquidation
preference accorded each share of the applicable series of preferred stock,
as set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement.

Withdrawal of Stock

Unless the related depositary shares have been previously called for
redemption, upon surrender of the depositary receipts at
the office of the depositary, the holder of the depositary shares will be
entitled to delivery, at the office of the depositary to or upon his or her
order, of the number of whole shares of the preferred stock and any money or
other property
represented by the depositary shares. If the depositary receipts delivered
by the holder evidence a number of depositary shares in excess of the number
of depositary shares representing the number of whole shares of preferred
stock to be withdrawn,
the depositary will deliver to the holder at the same time a new depositary
receipt evidencing the excess number of depositary shares. In no event will
the depositary deliver fractional shares of preferred stock upon surrender
of depositary
receipts. Holders of preferred stock thus withdrawn may not thereafter
deposit those shares under the deposit agreement or receive depositary
receipts evidencing depositary shares therefor.

Redemption of Depositary Shares

Whenever we redeem shares of preferred stock held by the depositary, the
depositary will redeem as of the same redemption date
the number of depositary shares representing shares of the preferred stock
so redeemed, so long as we have paid in full to the depositary the
redemption price of the preferred stock to be redeemed plus an amount equal
to any accumulated and unpaid
dividends on the preferred stock to the date fixed for redemption. The
redemption price per depositary share will be equal to the redemption price
and any other amounts per share payable on the preferred stock multiplied by
the fraction of a share
of preferred stock represented by one depositary share. If less than all the
depositary shares are to be redeemed, the depositary shares to be redeemed
will be selected by lot or pro rata or by any other equitable method as may
be determined by the
depositary.

After the date fixed for redemption, depositary shares called for redemption
will no longer be deemed to be
outstanding and all rights of the holders of depositary shares will cease,
except the right to receive the monies payable upon redemption and any money
or other property to which the holders of the depositary shares were
entitled upon redemption
upon surrender to the depositary of the depositary receipts evidencing the
depositary shares.

Voting the Preferred Stock

Upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of the preferred
stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will
mail the information contained in the notice of meeting to the record
holders of the depositary receipts relating to that preferred stock. The
record date for the depositary receipts relating to the preferred stock will
be the same date as the
record date for the preferred stock. Each record holder of the depositary
shares on the record date will be entitled to instruct the depositary as to
the exercise of the voting rights pertaining to the

14

number of shares of preferred stock represented by that holder’s depositary
shares. The depositary will endeavor, insofar as practicable, to vote the
number of shares of preferred stock represented by the depositary shares in
accordance with those instructions, and we will agree to take all action
that may be deemed necessary by the depositary in order to enable the
depositary to do so. The depositary will not vote any shares of preferred
stock except to the extent that it receives specific instructions from the
holders of depositary shares representing that number of shares of preferred
stock. Charges of the Depositary We will pay all transfer and other taxes
and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary
arrangements. We will pay charges of the depositary in connection with the
initial deposit of the preferred stock and any redemption of the preferred
stock. Holders of depositary receipts will pay transfer, income and other
taxes and governmental charges and such other charges (including those in
connection with the receipt and distribution of dividends, the sale or
exercise of rights, the withdrawal of the preferred stock and the
transferring, splitting or grouping of depositary receipts) as are expressly
provided in the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. If these charges
have not been paid by the holders of depositary receipts, the depositary may
refuse to transfer depositary shares, withhold dividends and distributions
and sell the depositary shares evidenced by the depositary receipt.
Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement The depositary receipt
evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement
may be amended by agreement between us and the depositary. However, any
amendment that materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders of
depositary shares, other than fee changes, will not be effective unless the
amendment has been approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
depositary shares. The deposit agreement may be terminated by the depositary
or us only if:
                                                                 
  •    all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or  
                                                                 
                                                                            
       there has been a final distribution of the preferred stock in        
  •    connection with our dissolution and such                             
       distribution has been made to all the holders of depositary shares.  
                                                                            
Resignation and Removal of Depositary The depositary may resign at any time
by delivering to us notice of its election to do so, and we may remove the
depositary at any time. Any resignation or removal of the depositary will
take effect upon our appointment of a successor depositary and its
acceptance of such appointment. The successor depositary must be appointed
within 60 days after delivery of the notice of resignation or removal and
must be a bank or trust company having its principal office in the United
States and having the requisite combined capital and surplus as set forth in
the applicable agreement. Notices The depositary will forward to holders of
depositary receipts all notices, reports and other communications, including
proxy solicitation materials received from us, that are delivered to the
depositary and that we are required to furnish to the holders of the
preferred stock. In addition, the depositary will make available for
inspection by holders of depositary receipts at the principal office of the
depositary, and at such other places as it may from time to time deem
advisable, any reports and communications we deliver to the depositary as
the holder of preferred stock. Limitation of Liability Neither we nor the
depositary will be liable if either is prevented or delayed by law or any
circumstance beyond its control in performing its obligations. Our
obligations and those of the depositary will be limited to 15

performance in good faith of our and its duties thereunder. We and the
depositary will not be obligated to prosecute or defend any legal proceeding
in respect of any depositary shares or preferred stock unless satisfactory
indemnity is furnished. We and the depositary may rely upon written advice
of counsel or accountants, on information provided by persons presenting
preferred stock for deposit, holders of depositary receipts or other persons
believed to be competent to give such information and on documents believed
to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or
parties. DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS We may issue warrants to purchase debt
securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or Class A common stock. We
may offer warrants separately or together with one or more additional
warrants, debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or Class A
common stock, or any combination of those securities in the form of units,
as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we issue warrants
as part of a unit, the applicable prospectus supplement will specify whether
those warrants may be separated from the other securities in the unit prior
to the expiration date of the warrants. The applicable prospectus supplement
will also describe the following terms of any warrants, as applicable:
                                                                            
  •    the specific designation and aggregate number of, and the offering   
       price at which we will issue, the warrants;                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the currency or currency units in which the offering price, if any,  
       and the exercise price are payable;                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will begin and  
       the date on which that right will expire                             
  •    or, if you may not continuously exercise the warrants throughout     
       that period, the specific date or dates on which you may exercise    
       the warrants;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    whether the warrants are to be sold separately or with other         
       securities as parts of units;                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       whether the warrants will be issued in definitive or global form or  
       in any combination of these forms,                                   
  •    although, in any case, the form of a warrant included in a unit      
       will correspond to the form of the unit and of any security          
       included in that unit;                                               
                                                                            
                                                                      
  •    any applicable material U.S. federal income tax consequences;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       the identity of the warrant agent for the warrants and of any other  
  •    depositaries, execution or paying agents,                            
       transfer agents, registrars or other agents;                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the proposed listing, if any, of the warrants or any securities      
  •    purchasable upon exercise of the warrants on                         
       any securities exchange;                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the designation and terms of any equity securities purchasable upon  
       exercise of the warrants;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the designation, aggregate principal amount, currency and terms of   
  •    any debt securities that may be purchased                            
       upon exercise of the warrants;                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if applicable, the designation and terms of the debt securities,     
  •    preferred stock, depositary shares or                                
       Class A common stock with which the warrants are issued and the      
       number of warrants issued with each security;                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if applicable, the date from and after which any warrants issued as  
  •    part of a unit and the related debt                                  
       securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or Class A common     
       stock will be separately transferable;                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the number of shares of preferred stock, the number of depositary    
  •    shares or the number of shares of                                    
       Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant and the  
       price at which those shares may be purchased;                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of the warrants that    
       may be exercised at any one time;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                   
  •    information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any;  
                                                                   
16
                                                                            
       the antidilution provisions, and other provisions for changes to or  
  •    adjustment in the exercise price, of the                             
       warrants, if any;                                                    
                                                                            
                                               
  •    any redemption or call provisions; and  
                                               
                                                                            
       any additional terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures    
  •    and limitations relating to the exchange or                          
       exercise of the warrants.                                            
                                                                            
DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS We may issue subscription rights to
purchase our Class A common stock, preferred stock, debt securities,
depositary shares, warrants or units consisting of some or all of these
securities. These subscription rights may be offered independently or
together with any other security offered and may or may not be transferable
by the securityholder receiving the subscription rights in such offering. In
connection with any offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a
standby arrangement with one or more underwriters or other purchasers
pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be required to
purchase any securities remaining unsubscribed for after such offering. The
prospectus supplement relating to any subscription rights we offer, if any,
will, to the extent applicable, include specific terms relating to the
offering, including some or all of the following:
                                                        
  •    the price, if any, for the subscription rights;  
                                                        
                                                                            
       the exercise price payable for our Class A common stock, preferred   
  •    stock, debt securities, depositary                                   
       shares, warrants or units consisting of some or all of these         
       securities upon the exercise of the subscription rights;             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the number of subscription rights to be issued to each               
       securityholder;                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the number and terms of our Class A common stock, preferred stock,   
  •    debt securities, depositary shares,                                  
       warrants or units consisting of some or all of these securities      
       which may be purchased per each subscription right;                  
                                                                            
                                                                      
  •    the extent to which the subscription rights are transferable;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       any other terms of the subscription rights, including the terms,     
  •    procedures and limitations relating to the                           
       exchange and exercise of the subscription rights;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the date on which the right to exercise the subscription rights      
  •    shall commence, and the date on which the                            
       subscription rights shall expire;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the extent to which the subscription rights may include an           
  •    over-subscription privilege with respect to                          
       unsubscribed securities or an over-allotment privilege to the        
       extent the securities are fully subscribed; and                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or     
  •    purchase arrangement which may be entered                            
       into by us in connection with the offering of subscription rights.   
                                                                            
The descriptions of the subscription rights in this prospectus and in any
prospectus supplement are summaries of the material provisions of the
applicable subscription right agreements. These descriptions do not restate
those subscription right agreements in their entirety and may not contain
all the information that you may find useful. We urge you to read the
applicable subscription right agreements because they, and not the
summaries, define your rights as holders of the subscription rights. For
more information, please review the forms of the relevant subscription right
agreements, which will be filed with the SEC promptly after the offering of
subscription rights and will be available as described in the section of
this prospectus captioned “Where You Can Find More Information.” 17

DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS The following description summarizes the
general features of the purchase contracts that we may offer under this
prospectus. Although the features we have summarized below will generally
apply to any future purchase contracts we may offer under this prospectus,
we will describe the particular terms of any purchase contracts that we may
offer in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. The specific
terms of any purchase contracts may differ from the description provided
below as a result of negotiations with third parties in connection with the
issuance of those purchase contracts, as well as for other reasons. Because
the terms of any purchase contracts we offer under a prospectus supplement
may differ from the terms we describe below, you should rely solely on
information in the applicable prospectus supplement if that summary is
different from the summary in this prospectus. We will incorporate by
reference into the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part
any purchase contract that we may offer under this prospectus before the
sale of the related purchase contract. We urge you to read any applicable
prospectus supplement related to specific purchase contracts being offered,
as well as the complete instruments that contain the terms of the securities
that are subject to those purchase contracts. Certain of those instruments,
or forms of those instruments, have been filed as exhibits to the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and supplements
to those instruments or forms may be incorporated by reference into the
registration statement of which this prospectus is a part from reports we
file with the SEC. We may issue purchase contracts, including contracts
obligating holders to purchase from us, and for us to sell to holders, a
specific or variable number of our securities at a future date or dates.
Alternatively, the purchase contracts may obligate us to purchase from
holders, and obligate holders to sell to us, a specific or varying number of
our securities. If we offer any purchase contracts, certain terms of that
series of purchase contracts will be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement, including, without limitation, the following:
                                                                            
       the price of the securities or other property subject to the         
  •    purchase contracts (which may be determined by                       
       reference to a specific formula described in the purchase            
       contracts);                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       whether the purchase contracts are issued separately, or as a part   
       of units each consisting of a purchase                               
  •    contract and one or more of our other securities, including U.S.     
       Treasury securities, securing the holder’s obligations under the     
       purchase contract;                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any requirement for us to make periodic payments to holders or vice  
  •    versa, and whether the payments are                                  
       unsecured or pre-funded;                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any provisions relating to any security provided for the purchase    
       contracts;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
       whether the purchase contracts obligate the holder or us to          
       purchase or sell, or both purchase and sell, the                     
  •    securities subject to purchase under the purchase contract, and the  
       nature and amount of each of those securities, or the method of      
       determining those amounts;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                 
  •    whether the purchase contracts are to be prepaid or not;  
                                                                 
                                                                            
       whether the purchase contracts are to be settled by delivery, or by  
  •    reference or linkage to the value,                                   
       performance or level of the securities subject to purchase under     
       the purchase contract;                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any acceleration, cancellation, termination or other provisions      
  •    relating to the settlement of the purchase                           
       contracts;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations       
       applicable to the purchase contracts;                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    whether the purchase contracts will be issued in fully registered    
       or global form; and                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any other terms of the purchase contracts and any securities         
       subject to such purchase contracts.                                  
                                                                            
18

DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprising two or more securities
described in this prospectus in any combination. For example, we might issue
units consisting of a combination of debt securities and warrants to
purchase Class A common stock. The following description sets forth certain
general terms and provisions of the units that we may offer pursuant to this
prospectus. The particular terms of the units and the extent, if any, to
which the general terms and provisions may apply to the units so offered
will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each unit will be
issued so that the holder of the unit also is the holder of each security
included in the unit. Thus, the unit will have the rights and obligations of
a holder of each included security. Units will be issued pursuant to the
terms of a unit agreement, which may provide that the securities included in
the unit may not be held or transferred separately at any time or at any
time before a specified date. A copy of the forms of the unit agreement and
the unit certificate relating to any particular issue of units will be filed
with the SEC each time we issue units, and you should read those documents
for provisions that may be important to you. For more information on how you
can obtain copies of the forms of the unit agreement and the related unit
certificate, see the section of this prospectus captioned “Where You Can
Find More Information.” The prospectus supplement relating to any particular
issuance of units will describe the terms of those units, including, to the
extent applicable, the following:
                                                                            
       the designation and terms of the units and the securities            
  •    comprising the units, including whether and under                    
       what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred       
       separately;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       any provision for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or     
  •    exchange of the units or of the securities                           
       comprising the units; and                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    whether the units will be issued in fully registered or global       
       form.                                                                
                                                                            
SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS Information about selling securityholders, if
applicable, will be set forth in a prospectus supplement, in a post-
effective amendment to this registration statement, or in filings we make
with the SEC under the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference. PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We and selling securityholders may sell securities:
                              
  •    through underwriters;  
                              
                         
  •    through dealers;  
                         
                        
  •    through agents;  
                        
                                   
  •    directly to purchasers; or  
                                   
                                                               
  •    through a combination of any of these methods of sale.  
                                                               
In addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or distribution or in
a subscription rights offering to our existing securityholders. We or
selling securityholders may directly solicit offers to purchase securities
or agents may be designated to solicit such offers. We will, in the
prospectus supplement relating to such offering, name any agent that could
be viewed as an underwriter under the Securities Act and describe any
commissions that we must pay. Any such 19

agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its
appointment or, if indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, on a
firm commitment basis. This prospectus may be used in connection with any
offering of our securities through any of these methods or other methods
described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The distribution of the
securities may be effected from time to time in one or more transactions:
                                                                          
  •    at a fixed price or prices that may be changed from time to time;  
                                                                          
                                                         
  •    at market prices prevailing at the time of sale;  
                                                         
                                                               
  •    at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or  
                                                               
                              
  •    at negotiated prices.  
                              
Each prospectus supplement will describe the method of distribution of the
securities and any applicable restrictions. The prospectus supplement with
respect to the securities of a particular series will describe the terms of
the offering of the securities, including the following:
                                                   
  •    the name of the agent or any underwriters;  
                                                   
                                               
  •    the public offering or purchase price;  
                                               
                                                                 
  •    if applicable, the names of any selling securityholders;  
                                                                 
                                                                            
  •    any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to the agent or  
       underwriters;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                
  •    all other items constituting underwriting compensation;  
                                                                
                                                                            
  •    any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to dealers; and  
                                                                            
                                                              
  •    any exchanges on which the securities will be listed.  
                                                              
If any underwriters or agents are utilized in the sale of the securities in
respect of which this prospectus is delivered, we, selling securityholders,
or both will enter into an underwriting agreement or other agreement with
them at the time of sale to them, and we will set forth in the prospectus
supplement relating to such offering the names of the underwriters or agents
and the terms of the related agreement with them. If a dealer is utilized in
the sale of the securities in respect of which the prospectus is delivered,
we, selling securityholders, or both will sell such securities to the
dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell such securities to the
public at varying prices to be determined by such dealer at the time of
resale. If we offer securities in a subscription rights offering to our
existing securityholders, we may enter into a standby underwriting agreement
with dealers, acting as standby underwriters. We may pay the standby
underwriters a commitment fee for the securities they commit to purchase on
a standby basis. If we do not enter into a standby underwriting arrangement,
we may retain a dealer-manager to manage a subscription rights offering for
us. Agents, underwriters, dealers and other persons may be entitled under
agreements that they may enter into with us and selling securityholders to
indemnification by us against certain civil liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. Selling securityholders may be deemed
to be underwriters under the Securities Act in connection with the
securities they resell and any profits on the sales may be deemed to be
underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. 20

If so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will authorize
underwriters or other persons acting as our agents to solicit offers by
certain institutions to purchase securities from us pursuant to delayed
delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on the date stated in
the prospectus supplement. Each contract will be for an amount not less
than, and the aggregate amount of securities sold pursuant to such contracts
shall not be less nor more than, the respective amounts stated in the
prospectus supplement. Institutions with whom the contracts, when
authorized, may be made include commercial and savings banks, insurance
companies, pension funds, investment companies, educational and charitable
institutions and other institutions, but shall in all cases be subject to
our approval. Delayed delivery contracts will not be subject to any
conditions except that:
                                                                            
       the purchase by an institution of the securities covered under that  
  •    contract shall not at the time of delivery                           
       be prohibited under the laws of the jurisdiction to which that       
       institution is subject; and                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       if the securities are also being sold to underwriters acting as      
  •    principals for their own account, the                                
       underwriters shall have purchased such securities not sold for       
       delayed delivery.                                                    
                                                                            
The underwriters and other persons acting as agents will not have any
responsibility in respect of the validity or performance of delayed delivery
contracts. Certain agents, underwriters and dealers, and their associates
and affiliates may be customers of, have borrowing relationships with,
engage in other transactions with, and/or perform services, including
investment banking services, for us or one or more of our respective
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In order to facilitate the
offering of the securities, any underwriters may engage in transactions that
stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities or any
other securities the prices of which may be used to determine payments on
such securities. Specifically, any underwriters may over-allot in connection
with the offering, creating a short position for their own accounts. In
addition, to cover over-allotments or to stabilize the price of the
securities or of any such other securities, the underwriters may bid for,
and purchase, the securities or any such other securities in the open
market. Finally, in any offering of the securities through a syndicate of
underwriters, the underwriting syndicate may reclaim selling concessions
allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for distributing the securities in the
offering if the syndicate repurchases previously distributed securities in
transactions to cover syndicate short positions, in stabilization
transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain
the market price of the securities above independent market levels. Any such
underwriters are not required to engage in these activities and may end any
of these activities at any time. Under Rule 15c6-1of the Exchange Act,
trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two
business days, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree
otherwise. The applicable prospectus supplement may provide that the
original issue date for your securities may be more than two scheduled
business days after the trade date for your securities. Accordingly, in such
a case, if you wish to trade securities on any date prior to the third
business day before the original issue date for your securities, you will be
required, by virtue of the fact that your securities initially are expected
to settle in more than two scheduled business days after the trade date for
your securities, to make alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a
failed settlement. The securities may be new issues of securities and may
have no established trading market. The securities may or may not be listed
on a national securities exchange. We can make no assurance as to the
liquidity of or the existence of trading markets for any of the securities.
LEGAL MATTERS Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation,
Palo Alto, California, will pass upon certain legal matters relating to the
issuance and sale of any securities offered by this prospectus and any
supplement thereto. Additional legal matters may be passed on for us, or any
underwriters, dealers or agents by counsel we will name in the applicable
prospectus supplement. 21

EXPERTS The financial statements of AppLovin Corporation incorporated by
reference in this Prospectus, and the effectiveness of AppLovin
Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting, have been audited
by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm,
as stated in their reports. Such financial statements are incorporated by
reference in reliance upon the reports of such firm given their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We
file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over
the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of certain
information filed by us with the SEC are also available on our website at
www.applovin.com. Information accessible on or through our website is not a
part of this prospectus. This prospectus and any prospectus supplement is
part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and does not
contain all of the information in the registration statement. You should
review the information and exhibits in the registration statement for
further information on us and our consolidated subsidiaries and the
securities that we are offering. Forms of any indenture or other documents
establishing the terms of the offered securities are filed as exhibits to
the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or under
cover of a Current Report on Form 8-Kand incorporated in this prospectus by
reference. Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about
these documents are summaries and each statement is qualified in all
respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You should read
the actual documents for a more complete description of the relevant
matters. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to incorporate by
reference much of the information that we file with the SEC, which means
that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those
publicly available documents. The information that we incorporate by
reference in this prospectus is considered to be part of this prospectus.
Because we are incorporating by reference future filings with the SEC, this
prospectus is continually updated and those future filings may modify or
supersede some of the information included or incorporated by reference in
this prospectus. This means that you must look at all of the SEC filings
that we incorporate by reference to determine if any of the statements in
this prospectus or in any document previously incorporated by reference have
been modified or superseded. This prospectus incorporates by reference the
documents listed below and any future filings we make with the SEC under
Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (in each case, other
than those documents or the portions of those documents furnished pursuant
to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-Kand, except as may be
noted in any such Form 8-K,exhibits filed on such form that are related to
such information), until the offering of the securities under the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part is terminated
or completed:
                                                   
       our Annual Report on Form                   
  •    10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022;  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                   
                                                   
       our Quarterly Report on Form                
  •    10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023;  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                   
                                                                            
       the portions of our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A       
       (other than information furnished rather than filed) that are        
       incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K,       
  •    filed with the SEC on April 25, 2023;                                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
                                                             
       our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on February 6,  
       2023, March                                           
  •    13, 2023, and May 17, 2023; and                       
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             
                                                                            
       the description of our Class                                         
       A common stock contained in the Registration Statement on Form 8-A   
       relating thereto, filed on April 12,                                 
       2021, including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of     
  •    updating such description.                                           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                            
22

You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or
telephoning us at the following address:

AppLovin Corporation

1100 Page Mill Road

Palo Alto,
California 94304

Attn: Investor Relations

(800) 839-9646

23

PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
                                                         
  Item 14.  Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution  
                                                         
The following table sets forth estimated expenses in connection with the
issuance and distribution of the securities being registered:
                                                                      
                                                              Amount  
                                                          to be Paid  
  SEC registration fee                                        (1)(2)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  FINRA filing fee                                     $     225,500  
  Stock exchange listing fee                                      -2  
  Printing and engraving expenses                                 -2  
  Accounting fees and expenses                                    -2  
  Legal fees and expenses (including blue sky fees)               -2  
  Transfer agent, warrant agent and registrar fees                -2  
  and expenses                                                        
  Trustee’s fees and expenses                                     -2  
  Miscellaneous expenses                                          -2  
  Total                                                        -1)(2  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       Pursuant to Rules 456(b) and 457(r) under the Securities Act of      
       1933, as amended,                                                    
  (1)  the SEC registration fee will be paid at the time of any particular  
       offering of securities under the registration statement, and is      
       therefore not currently determinable.                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       These fees and expenses are calculated based on the securities       
  (2)  offered and the number of issuances and                              
       accordingly cannot be estimated at this time.                        
                                                                            
                                                       
  Item 15.  Indemnification of Directors and Officers  
                                                       
Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a
corporation’s board of directors to grant, and authorizes a court to award,
indemnity to officers, directors and other corporate agents. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that limit the
liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, our directors will not be
personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any
breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for the following:
                                                                            
  •    any breach of their duty of loyalty to our company or our            
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional   
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or      
  •    redemptions as provided in Section 174 of                            
       the Delaware General Corporation Law; or                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any transaction from which they derived an improper personal         
       benefit.                                                             
                                                                            
Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or
reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission or
claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the
Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further
limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the
personal liability of our directors will be further limited to the greatest
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. II-1

In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a party or
is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason
of the fact that they are or were one of our directors or officers or is or
was serving at our
request as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws provide
that we may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person who
is or was a party or
is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason
of the fact that they are or were one of our employees or agents or is or
was serving at our request as an employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise. Our amended and restated bylaws also
provide that we must advance expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director
or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding,
subject to limited
exceptions.

Further, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
directors and executive officers
that may be broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained
in the Delaware General Corporation Law. These indemnification agreements
require us, among other things, to indemnify our directors and executive
officers against
liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service. These
indemnification agreements also require us to advance all expenses incurred
by the directors and executive officers in investigating or defending any
such action, suit or
proceeding. We believe that these agreements are necessary to attract and
retain qualified individuals to serve as directors and executive officers.

The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions included in our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
amended and restated bylaws and the indemnification agreements that we have
entered into with our directors and executive officers may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and executive
officers for breach of their
fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative
litigation against our directors and executive officers, even though an
action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Further, a
stockholder’s investment may
be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and
damage awards against directors and executive officers as required by these
indemnification provisions.

We have obtained insurance policies under which, subject to the limitations
of the policies, coverage is provided to our
directors and executive officers against loss arising from claims made by
reason of breach of fiduciary duty or other wrongful acts as a director or
executive officer, including claims relating to public securities matters,
and to us with respect to
payments that may be made by us to these directors and executive officers
pursuant to our indemnification obligations or otherwise as a matter of law.

Certain of our non-employee directors may, through their relationships with
their
employers, be insured or indemnified against certain liabilities incurred in
their capacity as members of our board of directors.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
may be permitted to directors, officers or persons
controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed
that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.

The underwriting agreement that we may enter into (Exhibit 1.1) may provide
for the indemnification by the underwriters of us
and our directors and officers and certain controlling persons against
specified liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act with
respect to information provided by the underwriters specifically for
inclusion in a subsequent
prospectus supplement.

II-2
                      
  Item 16.  Exhibits  
                      
                                                                            
                       Incorp…                                              
                       by                                                   
                       Refere…                                              
  Exhib…    Exhibit    Form       File       Exhibit    Filing     Filed    
  Number    Descri…               No.         Number    Date       Herewi…  
            Form of                                                         
  1.1*      Underw…                                                         
            Agreem…                                                         
            Form of                                                         
            Class                                                           
  4.1       A          S-1        333-25…        4.1    March               
            common                                      2, 2021             
            stock                                                           
            certif…                                                         
            Invest…                                                         
            Rights                                                          
            Agreem…                                                         
            among                                                           
            the                                                             
            regist…                                                         
            and                                                             
            certain                                                         
            holders                                     March               
  4.2       of its     S-1/A      333-25…        4.2    22,                 
            capital                                     2021                
            stock,                                                          
            dated                                                           
            as of                                                           
            August                                                          
            15,                                                             
            2018,                                                           
            as                                                              
            amended                                                         
            Descri…                                     Februa…             
  4.3       of         10-K       001-40…        4.4    28,                 
            Capital                                     2023                
            Stock                                                           
            Form of                                                         
  4.4*      Prefer…                                                         
            Stock                                                           
            Certif…                                                         
  4.5       Form of                                                X        
            Indent…                                                         
            Form of                                                         
  4.6*      Debt                                                            
            Securi…                                                         
            Form of                                                         
  4.7*      Deposit                                                         
            Agreem…                                                         
            Form of                                                         
  4.8*      Warrant                                                         
            Agreem…                                                         
            Form of                                                         
  4.9*      Subscr…                                                         
            Agreem…                                                         
            Form of                                                         
  4.10*     Purcha…                                                         
            Contra…                                                         
            Agreem…                                                         
            Form of                                                         
  4.11*     Unit                                                            
            Agreem…                                                         
  4.12*     Form of                                                         
            Unit                                                            
            Opinion                                                         
            of                                                              
            Wilson                                                          
            Sonsini                                                         
  5.1       Goodri…                                                X        
            &                                                               
            Rosati,                                                         
            Profes…                                                         
            Corpor…                                                         
            Consent                                                         
            of                                                              
            Deloit…                                                         
            &                                                               
            Touche,                                                         
  23.1      LLP,                                                   X        
            Indepe…                                                         
            Regist…                                                         
            Public                                                          
            Accoun…                                                         
            Firm                                                            
            Consent                                                         
            of                                                              
            Wilson                                                          
            Sonsini                                                         
            Goodri…                                                         
            &                                                               
            Rosati,                                                         
            Profes…                                                         
            Corpor…                                                         
  23.2      (inclu…                                                X        
            in the                                                          
            opinion                                                         
            filed                                                           
            as                                                              
            Exhibit                                                         
            5.1 to                                                          
            this                                                            
            Regist…                                                         
            Statem…                                                         
            Power                                                           
            of                                                              
            Attorn…                                                         
            (inclu…                                                         
  24.1      on the                                                 X        
            signat…                                                         
            page to                                                         
            this                                                            
            Regist…                                                         
            Statem…                                                         
            Form                                                            
            T-1                                                             
            Statem…                                                         
            of                                                              
            Eligib…                                                         
            of                                                              
            Trustee                                                         
  25.1**    for                                                             
            Indent…                                                         
            under                                                           
            the                                                             
            Trust                                                           
            Indent…                                                         
            Act of                                                          
            1939                                                            
            Filing                                                          
  107       Fee                                                    X        
            Table                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  *  To be filed, if applicable, by amendment or incorporated by reference  
     pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  **  To be filed pursuant to Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act  
      of 1939, as amended.                                                  
                                                                            
II-3
                          
  Item 17.  Undertakings  
                          
(a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) to file, during any
period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment
to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by
Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus
any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration
statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which,
individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the
information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the
total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was
registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated
maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with
the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume
and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum
aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee”
table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) to include any
material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously
disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such
information in the registration statement; provided, however, that
paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) do not apply if the information
required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is
contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, that are
incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in
a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the
registration statement. (2) that, for the purpose of determining any
liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall
be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities
offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be
deemed to be the initial bona fideoffering thereof. (3) to remove from
registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities
being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4)
that, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to
any purchaser: (i) each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule
424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the
date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the
registration statement; and (ii) each prospectus required to be filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration
statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to
Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information
required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part
of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date
such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the
first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the
prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer
and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be
deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to
the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus
relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to
be the initial bona fideoffering thereof. Provided, however, that no
statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the
registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed
incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that
is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of
contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify II-4

any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that
was part of the registration statement or made in any such document
immediately prior to such effective date.

(5) that, for the purpose of determining liability of a registrant under the
Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial
distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that
in a primary offering of securities of such undersigned registrant pursuant
to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used
to sell the securities
to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by
means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant
will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell
such securities to such
purchaser:

(i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant
relating to the offering required
to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;

(ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on
behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the
undersigned registrant;

(iii) the portion of any
other free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned
registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned
registrant; and

(iv) any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the
undersigned registrant to the purchaser.

(6) that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities
Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual
report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where
applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant
to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in
the
registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such
securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof.

(7) to file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of
the trustee to act under subsection (a) of
Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and
regulations prescribed by the SEC under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust
Indenture Act.

(b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act may be permitted to directors, officers and
controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions,
or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and is,
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of
expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of
the registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director,
officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the
matter has been settled by
controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue.

II-5

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3and has duly caused this
registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Palo Alto, State of California, on
June 1, 2023.
                                                                      
       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                                           
  By:                        /s/ Adam Foroughi                        
                             Adam Foroughi                            
                             Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson  
                                                                      
POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Adam Foroughi,
Herald Chen and Victoria Valenzuela, and each of them, as his or her true
and lawful attorney-in-factand agent, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in
any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this registration
statement, including post-effective amendments, and registration statements
filed pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act, and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-
factand agent and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
connection therewith and about the premises, as fully for all intents and
purposes as they, he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that said attorney-in-factand agent or any of them, or
their, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of
1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons
in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
                                                                            
                              Title                                         
                              Chief Executive Officer and                   
                              Chairperson                                   
                              (Principal Executive                          
                              Officer)                                      
  Signature                   Chief Financial Officer,                      
  /s/ Adam Foroughi           President and Director                        
  Adam Foroughi               (Principal Financial Officer    Date          
  /s/ Herald Chen             and Principal Accounting        June 1, 2023  
  Herald Chen                 Officer)                        June 1, 2023  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Craig Billings          Director                        June 1, 2023  
  Craig Billings                                                            
  /s/ Margaret Georgiadis     Director                        June 1, 2023  
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
  /s/ Alyssa Harvey Dawson    Director                        June 1, 2023  
  Alyssa Harvey Dawson                                                      
  /s/ Edward Oberwager        Director                        June 1, 2023  
  Edward Oberwager                                                          
                                                                            
II-6
                                                 
  Signature                                      
  /s/ Asha Sharma                                
  Asha Sharma          Title       Date          
  /s/ Eduardo Vivas    Director    June 1, 2023  
  Eduardo Vivas        Director    June 1, 2023  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                 
II-7
