As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 15, 2021
Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-8 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 APPLOVIN CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)
                                                         
  Delaware                           45-3264542          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (800) 839-9646 (Address of
principal executive offices, including zip code) 2021 Equity Incentive Plan
2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (Full title of
the plan) Adam Foroughi Co-Founder,Chief Executive Officer, and Chairperson
Herald Chen President and Chief Financial Officer 1100 Page Mill Road Palo
Alto, California 94304 (800) 839-9646 (Name, address and telephone number,
including area code, of agent for service) Copies to:
                                                                            
  Rezwan D. Pavri                                                           
  Lisa L. Stimmell Andrew T. Hill      Victoria Valenzuela                  
  Lang Liu Wilson Sonsini Goodrich     Lonnie Huang Applovin Corporation    
  &                                    1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto,       
  Rosati, P.C. 650 Page Mill Road      California                           
  Palo                                 94304 (800) 839-9646                 
  Alto, California 94304 (650)                                              
  493-9300                                                                  
                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-acceleratedfiler, a smaller reporting company or
an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☐    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☒    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
                                                                            
  Title of                      Proposed           Proposed                 
  Securities          Amount    Maximum             Maximum      Amount of  
  to be                to be    Offering          Aggregate    Registrati…  
  Registered    Registered(…    Price Per          Offering            Fee  
                                Share                 Price                 
  Class A                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003                                                                  
  per                                                                       
  share:                                                                    
  —2021                                                                     
  Equity        39,000,000(…    $80.00(5)      $3,120,000,…       $340,392  
  Incentive                                                                 
  Plan                                                                      
  —2021                                                                     
  Employee                                                                  
  Stock         7,800,000(3)    $68.00(6)      $530,400,00…        $57,867  
  Purchase                                                                  
  Plan                                                                      
  —2011                                                                     
  Equity                                                                    
  Incentive     19,192,152(…    $6.44(7)       $123,597,45…        $13,485  
  Plan                                                                      
  (Options)                                                                 
  TOTAL:          65,992,152                   $3,773,997,…       $411,744  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Pursuant to Rule 416(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended    
       (the “Securities Act”), this                                         
       Registration Statement covers any additional shares of the           
       registrant’s Class A common stock that become issuable under the     
       registrant’s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”), the       
       registrant’s 2021                                                    
  (1)  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “2021 ESPP”) and the registrant’s  
       2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2011 Plan”), by reason of any       
       stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization or other similar       
       transaction                                                          
       effected without the registrant’s receipt of consideration which     
       results in an increase in the number of the outstanding shares of    
       Class A common stock.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance      
       pursuant to future awards under the 2021 Plan.                       
       The number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance  
       under the 2021 Plan will be increased by any shares of Class A       
       common stock subject to awards outstanding under the 2011 Plan that  
  (2)  expire or otherwise terminate without                                
       having been exercised or issued in full, are tendered to or          
       withheld by the registrant for payment of an exercise price or for   
       satisfying tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited to or       
       repurchased by the registrant due to failure to vest. See            
       footnote 4 below.                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (3)  Represents shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance      
       under the 2021 ESPP.                                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance      
       pursuant to stock options outstanding under the                      
       2011 Plan as of the date of this Registration Statement. Any stock   
       options outstanding under the 2011 Plan that, on or after the date   
       of this Registration Statement, expire or otherwise terminate        
  (4)  without having been exercised in full, are tendered                  
       to or withheld by the registrant for payment of an exercise price    
       or for satisfying tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited to   
       or repurchased by the Registrant due to failure to vest will become  
       available for issuance as shares of Class A                          
       common stock under the 2021 Plan, subject to the maximum limit set   
       forth in the 2021 Plan. See footnote 2 above.                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Estimated in accordance with Rule 457(h) of the Securities Act       
       solely for the purpose of calculating the registration               
  (5)  fee on the basis of $80.00 per share, which is the initial public    
       offering price per share of Class A common stock as set forth in     
       the registrant’s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.        
       333-253800), as amended, declared effective on April 14, 2021.       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Estimated in accordance with Rule 457(h) of the Securities Act       
       solely for the purpose of calculating the registration               
       fee on the basis of 85% of $80.00 per share, which is the initial    
       public offering price per share of Class A common stock as set       
       forth in the registrant’s registration statement on Form S-1 (File   
  (6)  No. 333-253800), as amended, declared effective on April 14, 2021.   
       Pursuant to the 2021 ESPP, the purchase price of the shares of       
       Class A common stock reserved for issuance thereunder will be 85%    
       of                                                                   
       the lower of the fair market value of Class A common stock on the    
       Enrollment Date or the Exercise Date (as such terms are defined in   
       the 2021 ESPP).                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Estimated in accordance with Rule 457(h) of the Securities Act       
       solely for the purpose of calculating the registration               
  (7)  fee on the basis of $6.44 per share, which is the weighted-average   
       exercise price of options to purchase Class A common stock           
       outstanding under the 2011 Plan as of the date of this Registration  
       Statement.                                                           
                                                                            
PART I

INFORMATION REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS

The information specified in Item 1 and Item 2 of Part I of Form S-8 is
omitted from this
Registration Statement on Form S-8 (the “Registration Statement”) in
accordance with the provisions of Rule 428 under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”) and the introductory note to Part I of
Form S-8. The documents containing the information specified in Part I of
Form S-8 will be delivered to the
participants in the equity benefit plans covered by this Registration
Statement as specified by Rule 428(b)(1) under the Securities Act.

PART II

INFORMATION REQUIRED IN REGISTRATION STATEMENT

Item 3. Incorporation of Documents by Reference.

Applovin Corporation (the “Registrant”) hereby incorporates by reference
into this Registration Statement the following
documents previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“Commission”):

(1) Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant’s registration statement on Form
S-1filed with the Commission on April 7, 2021 (File No. 333-253800),which
contains the Registrant’s audited financial statements for the latest fiscal
year for which such statements have been filed; (2) The Registrant’s
prospectus to be filed on or about April 15, 2021 pursuant to Rule 424(b)
under the Securities Act, relating to the Registrant’s Registration
Statement on Form S-1,as amended (File No. 333-253800);and (3) The
description of the Registrant’s Class A common stock contained in the
Company’s Registration Statement on Form 8-A(File No. 001-40325) filed with
the Commission on April 12, 2021, pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act”), including
any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description.
All documents filed by the Registrant pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14
and 15(d) of the Exchange Act on or after the date of this Registration
Statement and prior to the filing of a post-effective amendment to this
Registration Statement that indicates that all securities offered have been
sold or that deregisters all securities then remaining unsold shall be
deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement and to
be part hereof from the date of filing of such documents; provided, however,
that documents or information deemed to have been furnished and not filed in
accordance with the rules of the Commission shall not be deemed incorporated
by reference into this Registration Statement. Any statement contained in a
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall
be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Registration
Statement to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any
subsequently filed document which also is deemed to be incorporated by
reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement
so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or
superseded, to constitute a part of this Registration Statement. Item 4.
Description of Securities. Not applicable. Item 5. Interests of Named
Experts and Counsel. Not applicable. Item 6. Indemnification of Directors
and Officers. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes
a corporation’s board of directors to grant, and authorizes a court to
award, indemnity to officers, directors, and other corporate agents. The
Registrant has adopted an amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
which will become effective immediately prior to the completion of the
Registrant’s initial public offering and which will contain provisions that
limit the liability of its directors for monetary damages to the fullest
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Consequently, the
Registrant’s directors will not be personally liable to the Registrant or
its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as
directors, except liability for the following:
                                                                            
  •    any breach of their duty of loyalty to the Registrant or its         
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional   
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or      
  •    redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the                        
       Delaware General Corporation Law; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any transaction from which they derived an improper personal         
       benefit.                                                             
                                                                            
Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or
reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission, or
claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the
Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further
limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the
personal liability of the Registrant’s directors will be further limited to
the greatest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. In
addition, the Registrant’s amended and restated bylaws, which will become
effective immediately prior to the completion of the Registrant’s initial
public offering, and which will provide that the Registrant will indemnify,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a party or
is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or

proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of the
Registrant’s directors or officers or is or was serving at the Registrant’s
request as a director or officer of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise.
The Registrant’s amended and restated bylaws will provide that the
Registrant may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person
who is or was a party or
is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of the Registrant’s
employees or agents or is or was serving at the Registrant’s request as an
employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise.
The Registrant’s amended and restated bylaws will also provide that the
Registrant must advance expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director or
officer in advance
of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, subject to limited
exceptions.

Further, the Registrant has entered into
indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers
that may be broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained
in the Delaware General Corporation Law. These indemnification agreements
require the Registrant,
among other things, to indemnify its directors and executive officers
against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service.
These indemnification agreements also require the Registrant to advance all
expenses incurred by the
directors and executive officers in investigating or defending any such
action, suit, or proceeding. The Registrant believes that these agreements
are necessary to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve as
directors and executive
officers.

The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions will be included
in the Registrant’s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws and the
indemnification agreements that the Registrant has entered into with its
directors and executive officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a
lawsuit against the
Registrant’s directors and executive officers for breach of their fiduciary
duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against
the Registrant’s directors and executive officers, even though an action, if
successful, might benefit the Registrant and other stockholders. Further, a
stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that the
Registrant pays the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors
and executive
officers as required by these indemnification provisions. At present, the
Registrant is not aware of any pending litigation or proceeding involving
any person who is or was one of the Registrant’s directors, officers,
employees, or other agents
or is or was serving at its request as a director, officer, employee, or
agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, for which indemnification is sought, and the Registrant is not
aware of any threatened
litigation that may result in claims for indemnification.

The Registrant has obtained insurance policies under which, subject to
the limitations of the policies, coverage is provided to the Registrant’s
directors and executive officers against loss arising from claims made by
reason of breach of fiduciary duty or other wrongful acts as a director or
executive officer,
including claims relating to public securities matters, and to the
Registrant with respect to payments that may be made by the Registrant to
these directors and executive officers pursuant to its indemnification
obligations or otherwise as a matter
of law.

Certain of the Registrant’s non-employee directors may, through their
relationships with their employers, be insured or indemnified against
certain liabilities incurred in their capacity as members of the
Registrant’s Board of Directors.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
may be permitted to directors, officers or persons
controlling the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the
Registrant has been informed that, in the opinion of the Commission, such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and is therefore
unenforceable.

Item 7. Exemption from Registration Claimed.

Not applicable.

Item 8. Exhibits. EXHIBIT INDEX
                                                                            
                                Incorpo…                                    
  Exhibit                       by                                          
                                Referen…                                    
  Number     Exhibit     Form             File No.    Exhibit    Filing     
             Descrip…                                            Date       
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Certifi…                                                       
             of                                                             
             Incorpo…                                                       
  4.1        of the      S-1              333-253…        3.1    March 2,   
             registr…                                            2021       
             as                                                             
             amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             current…                                                       
             in                                                             
             effect.                                                        
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Bylaws                                                         
             of the                                                         
  4.2        registr…    S-1              333-253…        3.3    March 2,   
             as                                                  2021       
             amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             current…                                                       
             in                                                             
             effect.                                                        
             Form of                                                        
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Certifi…                                                       
             of                                                             
             Incorpo…                                            March 22,  
  4.3        of the      S-1/A            333-253…        3.2    2021       
             registr…                                                       
             to be in                                                       
             effect                                                         
             upon                                                           
             complet…                                                       
             of this                                                        
             offerin…                                                       
             Form of                                                        
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Bylaws                                                         
             of the                                              March 22,  
  4.4        registr…    S-1/A            333-253…        3.4    2021       
             to be in                                                       
             effect                                                         
             upon                                                           
             complet…                                                       
             of this                                                        
             offerin…                                                       
             Form of                                                        
             Class                                                          
             A common                                            March 2,   
  4.5        stock       S-1              333-253…        4.1    2021       
             certifi…                                                       
             of the                                                         
             registr…                                                       
             Opinion                                                        
             of                                                             
             Wilson                                                         
  5.1*       Sonsini                                                        
             Goodrich                                                       
             &                                                              
             Rosati,                                                        
             P.C.                                                           
             Consent                                                        
             of                                                             
             Deloitte                                                       
             & Touche                                                       
  23.1*      LLP,                                                           
             Indepen…                                                       
             Registe…                                                       
             Public                                                         
             Account…                                                       
             Firm.                                                          
             Consent                                                        
  23.2*      of KPMG,                                                       
             Indepen…                                                       
             Auditor…                                                       
             Consent                                                        
             of                                                             
             Wilson                                                         
             Sonsini                                                        
             Goodrich                                                       
             &                                                              
  23.3*      Rosati,                                                        
             P.C.                                                           
             (includ…                                                       
             in                                                             
             Exhibit                                                        
             5.1                                                            
             hereto).                                                       
             Power of                                                       
             Attorney                                                       
             (includ…                                                       
  24.1*      on the                                                         
             signatu…                                                       
             page                                                           
             hereto).                                                       
             Applovin                                                       
             Corpora…                                                       
             2011                                                           
             Equity                                              March 2,   
  99.1       Incenti…    S-1              333-253…       10.2    2021       
             Plan and                                                       
             related                                                        
             form                                                           
             agreeme…                                                       
             Applovin                                                       
             Corpora…                                                       
             2021                                                           
             Equity                                              March 22,  
  99.2       Incenti…    S-1/A            333-253…       10.3    2021       
             Plan and                                                       
             related                                                        
             form                                                           
             agreeme…                                                       
             Applovin                                                       
             Corpora…                                                       
             2021                                                           
             Employee                                                       
  99.3       Stock       S-1/A            333-253…       10.5    March 22,  
             Purchase                                            2021       
             Plan and                                                       
             related                                                        
             form                                                           
             agreeme…                                                       
                                                                            
                      
  *  Filed herewith.  
                      
Item 9. Undertakings.
                                                     
  A.  The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:  
                                                     
                                                                            
       To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made,  
  (1)  a post-effective amendment to this Registration                      
       Statement:                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (i)  To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the        
       Securities Act;                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
        To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the  
        effective date of the Registration Statement (or                    
        the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which,            
        individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change    
        in the information set forth in the Registration Statement.         
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume   
        of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities      
  (ii)  offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any         
        deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum         
        offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed     
        with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate,   
        the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20         
        percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth    
        in the “Calculation of Registration Fee”                            
        table in the effective Registration Statement; and                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
         To include any material information with respect to the plan of    
  (iii)  distribution not previously disclosed in the                       
         Registration Statement or any material change to such information  
         in the Registration Statement.                                     
                                                                            
Provided, however, that paragraphs (A)(1)(i) and (A)(1)(ii) do not apply if
the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by
those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the
Commission by the Registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this Registration
Statement.
                                                                            
       For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities    
       Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be                     
  (2)  deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the            
       securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at   
       that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering       
       thereof.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       It will remove from registration by means of a post-effective        
  (3)  amendment any of the securities being registered which               
       remain unsold at the termination of the offering.                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
      The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of    
      determining any liability under the Securities Act,                   
      each filing of the Registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section     
      13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable,    
      each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to   
  B.  Section 15(d) of the                                                  
      Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the Registration   
      Statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement          
      relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such  
      securities at that time shall be deemed to be the                     
      initial bona fide offering thereof.                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
      Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the          
      Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers                
      and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing   
      provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in     
      the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public  
      policy as expressed in the Securities Act and                         
      is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for           
      indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by   
  C.  the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer    
      or controlling person of the Registrant in the                        
      successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by  
      such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the   
      securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the       
      opinion of its counsel the matter has been                            
      settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate    
      jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is       
      against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be  
      governed by the final adjudication of such issue.                     
                                                                            
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-8and has duly caused this
Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized in the City of Palo Alto, State of California, on
the 15th day of April, 2021.
                                                            
       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                                 
  By:                        /s/ Adam Foroughi              
                             Adam Foroughi Chief Executive  
                             Officer                        
                                                            
POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen
and Victoria Valenzuela, and each one of them, as their true and lawful
attorneys-in-factand agents, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for them and in their name, place and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective
amendments) to this registration statement on Form S-8,and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-
factand agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-
in-factand agents or any of them, or their substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement on
Form S-8has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.
                                                                            
                             Title                                          
                             Chief Executive Officer and                    
                             Chairperson                                    
                             (Principal Executive                           
  Signature                  Officer)                                       
  /s/ Adam Foroughi          Chief Financial Officer,                       
  Adam Foroughi              President, and Director        Date            
  /s/ Herald Chen            (Principal Financial           April 15, 2021  
  Herald Chen                Officer)                       April 15, 2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  /s/ Elena Arutunian        Chief Accounting Officer                       
  Elena Arutunian            (Principal Accounting          April 15, 2021  
                             Officer)                                       
  /s/ Craig Billings         Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Craig Billings                                                            
  /s/ Margaret Georgiadis    Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
  /s/ Edward Oberwager       Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Edward Oberwager                                                          
  /s/ Cathy Sun              Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Cathy Sun                                                                 
  /s/ Eduardo Vivas          Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Eduardo Vivas                                                             
                                                                            
