As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 15, 2021
Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-8 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 APPLOVIN CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter)
                                                         
  Delaware                           45-3264542          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (Address of principal
executive offices, including zip code) 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (Full
title of the plan) Adam Foroughi Co-Founder,Chief Executive Officer, and
Chairperson Herald Chen President and Chief Financial Officer 1100 Page Mill
Road Palo Alto, California 94304 (800) 839-9646 (Name, address and telephone
number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to:
                                                                            
  Rezwan D. Pavri                                                           
  Lisa L. Stimmell Andrew T. Hill      Victoria Valenzuela                  
  Lang Liu Wilson Sonsini Goodrich     Lonnie Huang Applovin Corporation    
  &                                    1100 Page Mill Road Palo Alto,       
  Rosati, P.C. 650 Page Mill Road      California                           
  Palo                                 94304 (800) 839-9646                 
  Alto, California 94304 (650)                                              
  493-9300                                                                  
                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-acceleratedfiler, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☐    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☒    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                  Emerging growth company      ☐  
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has
elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE
                                                                            
                                   Proposed        Proposed                 
  Title of            Amount        Maximum         Maximum      Amount of  
  Securities           to be       Offering       Aggregate    Registrati…  
  to be         Registered(…          Price        Offering            Fee  
  Registered                            per           Price                 
                                   Share(2)                                 
  Class A                                                                   
  common                                                                    
  stock, par                                                                
  value                                                                     
  $0.00003                                                                  
  per share,                                                                
  issued                                                                    
  pursuant                                                                  
  to stock                                                                  
  options          5,548,138         $80.00    $443,851,040        $48,425  
  and                                                                       
  restricted                                                                
  stock                                                                     
  awards                                                                    
  granted                                                                   
  under the                                                                 
  2011                                                                      
  Equity                                                                    
  Incentive                                                                 
  Plan(3)                                                                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Pursuant to Rule 416 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,   
       as amended (the “Securities Act”), this                              
       Registration Statement shall also cover any additional shares of     
       the registrant’s Class A common stock that become issuable under     
  (1)  the plan set forth herein by reason of any stock dividend, stock     
       split, recapitalization or other similar                             
       transaction effected without receipt of consideration that           
       increases the number of outstanding shares of the registrant’s       
       Class A common stock.                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee    
       pursuant to Rule 457(h) of the Securities Act on the                 
  (2)  basis of $80.00 per share, which is the initial public offering      
       price per share of Class A common stock as set forth in the          
       registrant’s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.            
       333-253800), as amended, declared effective on April 14, 2021.       
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Represents 5,548,138 shares of Class A common stock under the        
       Applovin Corporation 2011 Equity Incentive Plan                      
  (3)  (the “2011 Plan”) issued to certain current and former employees,    
       consultants, and advisors of the registrant upon exercise of stock   
       option awards or pursuant to restricted stock awards.                
                                                                            
EXPLANATORY NOTE

This registration statement contains a “reoffer prospectus” prepared in
accordance with Part I of Form
S-3 (in accordance with Instruction C of the General Instructions to Form
S-8). This reoffer prospectus may be used for reoffers and resales on a
continuous or delayed
basis of certain of those shares of Class A common stock (the “Shares”) of
Applovin Corporation (“us”, “we” or the “registrant”) referred to above that
constitute “control securities” or
“restricted securities,” within the meaning of the Securities Act, by
certain stockholders that are current and former employees, consultants, and
advisors of the registrant (the “Selling Stockholders”) for their own
accounts. As
specified in General Instruction C of Form S-8, the amount of securities to
be reoffered or resold under the reoffer prospectus by each Selling
Stockholder and any other person with whom he or she is acting in
concert for the purpose of selling the registrant’s securities, may not
exceed, during any three-month period, the amount specified in Rule 144(e)
under the Securities Act.

REOFFER PROSPECTUS
                                                                            
   APPLOVIN CORPORATION                                                     
                                                                            
5,548,138 Shares of Class A Common Stock

This prospectus relates to 5,548,138 shares of Class A common stock, par
value $0.00003 per share (the “Shares”), of Applovin
Corporation, which may be offered from time to time by certain stockholders
that are our current or former employees, consultants, and advisors of the
registrant (the “Selling Stockholders”) for their own accounts. We will not
receive any
of the proceeds from the sale of Shares by the Selling Stockholders made
hereunder. The Shares were acquired by the Selling Stockholders pursuant to
our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”).

The Selling Stockholders may sell the securities described in this
prospectus in a number of different ways and at varying prices, including
sales in
the open market, sales in negotiated transactions and sales by a combination
of these methods. The Selling Stockholders may sell any, all or none of the
Shares and we do not know when or in what amount the Selling Stockholders
may sell their
Shares hereunder following the effective date of this registration
statement. The price at which any of the Shares may be sold, and the
commissions, if any, paid in connection with any such sale, are unknown and
may vary from transaction to
transaction. The Shares may be sold at the market price of the Class A
common stock at the time of a sale, at prices relating to the market price
over a period of time, or at prices negotiated with the buyers of shares.
The Shares may be sold
through underwriters or dealers which the Selling Stockholders may select.
If underwriters or dealers are used to sell the Shares, we will name them
and describe their compensation in a prospectus supplement. We provide more
information about how
the Selling Stockholders may sell their Shares in the section titled “Plan
of Distribution.” The Selling Stockholders will bear all sales commissions
and similar expenses. Any other expenses incurred by us in connection with
the
registration and offering that are not borne by the Selling Stockholders
will be borne by us.

Our Class A common stock has been approved for
listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “APP.” The
initial public offering price of our Class A common stock pursuant to our
Registration Statement on Form S-1, as
amended, declared effective on April 14, 2021, was $80.00 per share.

The amount of securities to be offered or resold under this reoffer
prospectus by each Selling Stockholder or other person with whom he or she
is acting in concert for the purpose of selling our securities, may not
exceed, during any three month period, the amount specified in Rule 144(e)
under the Securities Act.

Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before buying
any securities, you should carefully read the discussion of the risks of
investing in our securities in “ Risk Factors” beginning on page 2 of this
prospectus.

The Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) may take the view that, under certain
circumstances, the Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents
that participate with the Selling Stockholders in the distribution of the
Shares may be deemed
to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act. Commissions,
discounts or concessions received by any such broker-dealer or agent may be
deemed to be underwriting commissions under the Securities Act. See the
section titled
“Plan of Distribution.”

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities
commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if
this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary
is a criminal offense.

The date of this prospectus is April 15, 2021

TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                             
                                                       Page  
  THE COMPANY                                             1  
  RISK FACTORS                                            2  
  SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS       9  
  USE OF PROCEEDS                                        11  
  SELLING STOCKHOLDERS                                   12  
  PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION                                   14  
  LEGAL MATTERS                                          16  
  EXPERTS                                                16  
  INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE                  16  
  WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION                    17  
  PART I INFORMATION REQUIRED IN THE SECTION 10(A)      I-1  
  PROSPECTUS                                                 
  PART II INFORMATION REQUIRED IN REGISTRATION         II-1  
  STATEMENT                                                  
  EXHIBIT INDEX                                        II-3  
  SIGNATURES                                                 
                                                             
You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus or in
any accompanying prospectus supplement by us or on our behalf. We have not
authorized any other person to provide you with different information. If
anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should
not rely on it. We are not making an offer to sell these securities in any
jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume the
information appearing in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on
the front cover of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of
this prospectus or of any sale of the Shares. Our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that
date. “AppLovin,” our logo, and our other registered or common law
trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this prospectus are
the property of Applovin Corporation. Other trademarks and trade names
referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners.
Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “AppLovin,” “the company,”
“we,” “us,” and “our” in this prospectus refer to Applovin Corporation and
its consolidated subsidiaries. i

THE COMPANY

Applovin Corporation

Our mission is to grow the mobile app
ecosystem by enabling the success of mobile app developers.

Our software solutions provide advanced tools for mobile app developers to
grow their
businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of
their apps. Since inception, our platform has driven over six billion mobile
app installs for mobile app developers. Our software, coupled with our deep
industry knowledge and
expertise, has allowed us to rapidly scale a successful and diversified
portfolio of owned mobile apps. We have also accelerated our market
penetration through an active acquisition and partnership strategy. Our
scaled and integrated business model
sits at the nexus of the mobile app ecosystem, which creates a durable
competitive advantage that has fueled our clients’ success and our strong
growth.

AppLovin is critical to the success of mobile app developers, in particular
mobile game developers, solving key marketing and monetization challenges.
Through our technologies and scaled distribution, developers are able to
manage, optimize, and analyze their marketing investments, and improve the
monetization of their apps. The key elements of our solutions are delivered
through the AppLovin
Platform, which is comprised of AppLovin Core Technologies and AppLovin
Software. In 2018, given an opportunity to scale our own apps using our
Software, insights, and expertise in the mobile app ecosystem, we launched
our first party content
strategy, AppLovin Apps. Today, our Apps consist of a globally diversified
portfolio of over 200 free-to-play mobile games across five genres, run by
twelve studios,
including studios that we own, and others that we partner with.

The combination of our Platform and Apps forms a strategic flywheel that
drives
growth across our business and furthers our competitive advantages. As more
developers use our Platform’s Software to market and monetize their mobile
apps, we gain access to more users and more user engagement further
strengthening our scaled
distribution. As our distribution grows, we gain better insights for the
recommendation engine in our Core Technologies, which then further enhances
our Software. This continuously improving flywheel helps developers,
including our own, to create
and sustain successful businesses, growing both our own business and the
mobile app ecosystem.

Corporate Information

We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in July 2011.
Our principal executive offices are located at 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo
Alto,
California 94304, and our telephone number is (800) 839-9646.

Our website address is www.applovin.com.
Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does
not constitute part of this prospectus and inclusions of our website address
in this prospectus are inactive textual references only. You should not
consider information
contained on our website to be part of this prospectus or in deciding
whether to purchase shares of our Class A common stock.

1

RISK FACTORS

An investment in shares of our Class A common stock is highly speculative
and involves a high degree of risk. We face a variety of risks that may
affect our operations or financial results and many of those risks are
driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Before investing in our
Class A common stock, you should carefully consider the risks below and set
forth under the
caption “Risk Factors” in our Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended
(File No. 333-253800),
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2021, which
are incorporated by reference herein, and subsequent reports filed with the
SEC, together with the financial and other information contained or
incorporated by
reference in this prospectus. If any of these risks actually occurs, our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our Class
A common stock
would likely decline and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Only
those investors who can bear the risk of loss of their entire investment
should invest in our Class A common stock.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock and Governance

The multi-class structure of our common stock and the voting agreement (the
“Voting Agreement”) among Adam Foroughi, our co-founder,Chief Executive
Officer, and the Chairperson of our board of directors, Herald Chen, our
President and Chief Financial Officer, and a member of our board of
directors, and KKR Denali Holdings L.P. (“KKR Denali”) (collectively with
certain affiliates, the “Class B Stockholders”) will have the effect of
concentrating voting power with the Class B Stockholders, which will limit
your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to our
stockholders for approval, including the election of our board of directors,
the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
and the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially
all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction.

Following our initial public offering, we will have three classes of
common stock. Our Class A common stock, which is the stock being offering by
means of this prospectus, has one vote per share, our Class B common stock
has 20 votes per share, and our Class C common stock has no voting rights,
except
as otherwise required by law. Upon the closing of our initial public
offering, the Class B Stockholders will together hold all of the issued and
outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. Accordingly, upon the
closing of our initial
public offering, the Class B Stockholders will collectively hold
approximately 93.4% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock in
the aggregate. The Class B Stockholders have entered into the Voting
Agreement whereby all
Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholders and their respective
permitted entities and permitted transferees will be voted as determined by
two of Mr. Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali (one of which must be
Mr. Foroughi). As a result, the Class B Stockholders, in particular, Mr.
Foroughi, Mr. Chen, and KKR Denali, will be able to determine or
significantly influence any action requiring the approval of our
stockholders, including
the election of our board of directors, the adoption of amendments to our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of any merger,
consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other
major corporate transaction.
The Class B Stockholders may have interests that differ from yours and may
vote in a way with which you disagree, and which may be adverse to your
interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying,
preventing, or deterring a
change in control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an
opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale
of our company, and might ultimately affect the market price of our Class A
common stock.

Future transfers by the holders of Class B common stock will generally
result in those shares automatically converting into shares of Class A
common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers
effected for estate planning, transfers among KKR affiliates, or other
transfers among the Class B Stockholders. In addition, each share of Class B
common stock will
convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon certain
events specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
with the date of such final conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B
common stock
referred to as the final conversion date.

In addition, because our Class C common stock carries no voting rights
(except as otherwise required
by law), if we issue Class C common stock in the future, the holders of
Class B common stock may be able to elect all of our directors and to
determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders for a longer period
of time than would be the case if we issued Class A common stock rather than
Class C common stock in such transactions.

2

Following the completion of our initial public offering, we will be
considered a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, and, as a result, we will qualify for, and intend
to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. As a
result of our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement
among the Class B Stockholders, the Class B Stockholders will collectively
hold greater than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital
stock following the completion of our initial public offering and the Class
B Stockholders will have the authority to vote the shares of all Class B
common stock, subject to the terms of the Voting Agreement, at their
discretion on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders. Therefore, we
will be considered a “controlled company” as that term is set forth in the
Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Under these corporate governance
requirements, a company in which over 50% of the voting power for the
election of directors is held by an individual, a group, or another company
is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate
governance requirements, including:
                                                                            
  •    the requirement that a majority of its board of directors consist    
       of independent directors;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement that we have a nominating/corporate governance       
  •    committee that is comprised entirely of independent                  
       directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose  
       and responsibilities;                                                
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is        
  •    comprised entirely of independent directors with a written           
       charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities;     
       and                                                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the          
  •    nominating and corporate governance and compensation                 
       committees.                                                          
                                                                            
For at least a period following our initial public offering, we intend to
utilize certain of these exemptions. As a result, we will not have a
majority of independent directors and our compensation committee will not
consist entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, you will not have
the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject
to all of the corporate governance requirements. In the event that we cease
to be a “controlled company” and our Class A common stock continues to be
listed on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with these provisions within
the applicable transaction periods. We cannot predict the effect our multi-
class structure may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. We
cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or
more volatile market price of our Class A common stock, in adverse
publicity, or other adverse consequences. For example, certain index
providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multi-
class share structures in certain of their indices. In July 2017, FTSE
Russell announced that it plans to require new constituents of its indices
to have greater than 5% of the company’s voting rights in the hands of
public stockholders, and S&P Dow Jones announced that it will no longer
admit companies with multi-class share structures to certain of its indices.
Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400,
and S&P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S&P Composite 1500. Also in
2017, MSCI, a leading stock index provider, opened public consultations on
their treatment of no-voteand multi-class structures and temporarily barred
new multi-class listings from certain of its indices and in October 2018,
MSCI announced its decision to include equity securities “with unequal
voting structures” in its indices and to launch a new index that
specifically includes voting rights in its eligibility criteria. Under such
announced policies, the multi-class structure of our common stock would make
us ineligible for inclusion in certain indices and, as a result, mutual
funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to
track those indices would not invest in our Class A common stock. These
policies are relatively new and it is unclear what effect, if any, they will
have on the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from such
indices, but it is possible that they may depress valuations, as compared to
similar companies that are included. Given the sustained flow of investment
funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion
from certain stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these
funds and could make our Class A common stock less attractive to other
investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could
be adversely affected. 3

Prior to our initial public offering, there was no prior public trading
market for our Class A common stock, and an active trading market may not
develop or be sustained following our initial public offering. We have been
approved to list our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market
under the symbol “APP”. However, prior to our initial public offering, there
was no prior public trading market for our Class A common stock. We cannot
assure you that an active trading market for our Class A common stock will
develop on such exchange or elsewhere or, if developed, that any market will
be sustained. The initial public offering price of our Class A common stock
was determined through negotiation between us, the selling stockholder of
our initial public offering, and the underwriters of our initial public
offering. This price will not necessarily reflect the price at which
investors in the market will be willing to buy and sell shares of our Class
A common stock following our initial public offering. The market price of
our Class A common stock could be volatile, and you could lose all or part
of your investment. The market price of our Class A common stock following
our initial public offering may fluctuate substantially and be higher or
lower than the initial public offering price, depending on a number of
factors, including those described in this “Risk Factors” section, many of
which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating
performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your
investment in our Class A common stock. Factors that could cause
fluctuations in the market price of our Class A common stock include the
following:
                                                                            
       price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time  
  •    to time, including fluctuations due to general                       
       economic uncertainty or negative market sentiment, in particular     
       related to the COVID-19 pandemic;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    volatility in the market and trading volumes of technology stocks;  
                                                                           
                                                                            
       changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of      
  •    other technology companies generally, or those in our                
       industry in particular;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our             
       stockholders, as well as the anticipation of lock-up releases;       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in     
       our industry;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes   
  •    in financial estimates by securities analysts who                    
       follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the    
       expectations of investors;                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    actual or perceived significant data breaches involving our          
       Platform or Apps;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       the financial or non-financial metric projections we may provide to  
  •    the public,                                                          
       any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those        
       projections;                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
       third-party data published about us or other mobile gaming           
  •    companies, whether or not such data accurately reflects              
       actual levels of usage;                                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services;  
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public            
       announcements, and filings with the SEC;                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    fluctuations in the trading volume of shares of our Class A common   
       stock or the size of our public float;                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    short selling of our Class A common stock or related derivative      
       securities;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our results of      
       operations;                                                          
                                                                            
                                                                            
       actual or anticipated developments in our business, our              
  •    competitors’ businesses, or the competitive landscape                
       generally;                                                           
                                                                            
                                                            
  •    our issuance of shares of our Class A common stock;  
                                                            
                                                                            
       litigation or regulatory action involving us, our industry or both,  
  •    or investigations by regulators into our operations                  
       or those of our competitors;                                         
                                                                            
4
                                                                            
  •    developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or     
       other proprietary rights;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies    
       by us or our competitors;                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or   
       regulations applicable to our business;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines,               
       interpretations, or principles;                                      
                                                                            
                                                                       
  •    major catastrophic events in our domestic and foreign markets;  
                                                                       
                                                      
  •    any significant change in our management; and  
                                                      
                                                                            
  •    general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our       
       markets.                                                             
                                                                            
In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in
general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the market price of our
Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business,
financial condition, or results of operations. The market price of our Class
A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other
companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you of the liquidity of any trading market,
your ability to sell your shares of our Class A common stock when desired,
or the prices that you may obtain for your shares of our Class A common
stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been
brought against that company. If the market price of our Class A common
stock is volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation.
Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our
management’s attention and resources from our business. Such litigation
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our
capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will
be your sole source of gain. You should not rely on an investment in our
Class A common stock to provide dividend income. We do not anticipate paying
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain
future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business.
In addition, our credit agreement contains, and any future credit facility
or financing we obtain may contain, terms limiting the amount of dividends
that may be declared or paid on our Class A common stock. Any future
determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of
directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of
operations, capital requirements, and applicable contractual restrictions.
As a result, stockholders should rely on sales of their Class A common stock
after price appreciation as the only way to realize any future gains on
their investment. A substantial portion of the outstanding shares of our
Class A common stock after our initial public offering will be restricted
from immediate resale, but may be sold in the near future. The large number
of shares eligible for public sale or subject to rights requiring us to
register them for public sale could depress the market price of our Class A
common stock. The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as
a result of sales of a large number of shares of our Class A common stock in
the market after our initial public offering and the perception that these
sales could occur may also depress the market price of our Class A common
stock. All of our directors and executive officers, and the holders of
substantially all of our outstanding equity securities have entered into
market standoff agreements with us or have entered into lock-upagreements
with the underwriters of our initial public offering under which they have
agreed, subject to specific exceptions, not to sell any of our stock during
the period ending 180 days after the date of our initial public offering;
provided that:
                                                                            
       up to 15% of the shares of common stock (including shares issuable   
       upon exercise of vested options) held as of the date                 
       of our initial public offering by current and former employees (as   
       such term is defined for purposes of Form S-8), but excluding        
  •    current executive officers and directors, subject to the lock-up     
       agreements may be sold at the commencement of trading on the first   
       trading day on which our Class A common stock is traded on the       
       Nasdaq Global Select Market (the “First Trading Day Release”);       
       and                                                                  
                                                                            
5
                                                                            
       up to 20% of the shares held as of the date of our initial public    
       offering (including shares issuable upon the exercise                
       of options that are scheduled to be vested as of the date that is    
       90 days thereafter provided, however, the lock-up signatory          
       continues to be a service provider to us through such date) subject  
       to the lock-up agreements may be sold at the commencement of         
       trading on the second trading day after we announce earnings for     
       our second quarter of 2021 (the “Earnings-Related Release”). The     
       Earnings-Related                                                     
  •    Release will not occur unless we have announced earnings, either     
       through a major news service or on a Form 8-K, at least five         
       trading days in advance of the date of such earnings announcement.   
       This                                                                 
       Earnings-Related Release will not apply to shares owned by any       
       limited liability company, partnership, corporation, trust, or       
       other entity (including, without limitation, any investment fund),   
       unless all of the equity interests and other economic                
       interests in such entity are owned exclusively by lock-up signatory  
       and immediate family members of such lock-up signatory.              
                                                                            
To the extent not released on the First Trading Day Release or Earnings-
Related Release described above, pursuant to the lock-upagreements, if (i)
at least 120 days have elapsed since the date of this prospectus, and (ii)
the lock-upperiod is scheduled to end during or within five trading days
prior to a regularly-scheduled blackout period under our insider trading
policy, the lock-upperiod will end 10 trading days prior to the commencement
of such blackout period (the “Blackout-Related Release”); provided that in
the event the lock-upperiod will end during such period, we will notify the
representatives of the date of the impending Blackout-Related Release
promptly upon our determination of the date of the Blackout-Related Release
and in any event at least seven trading days in advance of the date of the
Blackout-Related Release, and will announce the date of the expected
Blackout-Related Release through a major news service, or on a Form 8-K,at
least two trading days in advance of the Blackout-Related Release. In
addition, beginning 181 days after the date of this prospectus, the
remainder of the shares of our Class A common stock (including shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock) will
become eligible for sale in the public market. If not earlier released, all
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock, other than those sold in
our initial public offering which are freely tradable, will become eligible
for sale upon expiration of the lock-upperiod, except for any shares held by
our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Upon
completion of our initial public offering, stockholders owning an aggregate
of up to 210.9 million shares of our Class A common stock (including shares
issuable upon conversion of our Class B common stock and the exercise of
certain warrants) will be entitled, under our Investors’ Rights Agreement
dated as of August 15, 2018, among us and certain stockholders, to certain
demand registration rights. Holders of shares of our Class A common stock
issued upon conversion of the convertible securities to be issued in
connection with our pending acquisition of Adjust GmbH (“Adjust”) will also
be entitled to these rights with respect to such shares. In addition, we
intend to file a registration statement to register shares reserved for
future issuance under our equity compensation plans. Upon effectiveness of
this registration statement, subject to the satisfaction of applicable
exercise periods and compliance with the market standoff agreements and
lock-upagreements referred to above, the registered shares, including those
issued upon exercise of outstanding stock options, will be available for
immediate resale in the United States in the open market. Sales of our Class
A common stock as restrictions end or pursuant to registration rights may
make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a
time and at a price that we deem appropriate. These sales also could cause
the market price of our Class A common stock to fall and make it more
difficult for you to sell shares of our Class A common stock. 6

The issuance of additional stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans, or otherwise will
dilute all other stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation that will be in effect upon completion of our initial public
offering authorizes us to issue up to 1,500,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock, up to 150,000,000 shares of Class C common stock, and up to
100,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as
may be determined by our board of directors. Subject to compliance with
applicable rules and regulations, we may issue shares of Class A common
stock or securities convertible into shares of our Class A common stock from
time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investment, our
equity incentive plans, or otherwise. For example, in connection with our
pending acquisition of Adjust, we expect to issue convertible securities
that are convertible into an aggregate number of shares of our Class A
common stock determined by dividing $352.0 million by the volume-weighted
average trading price per share of our Class A common stock over any 10
consecutive full trading periods (chosen by the stockholder representative
under the share purchase agreement) within 20 trading days commencing with
and following the day our Class A common stock is first traded on the Nasdaq
Global Select Market. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution
to our existing stockholders and cause the market price of our Class A
common stock to decline. Our multi-class stock structure, the Voting
Agreement, and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender
offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the market price of
our Class A common stock. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will contain provisions that
may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the
following:
                                                                            
       our multi-class common stock structure and the Voting Agreement,     
       which provide the Class B Stockholders with the                      
  •    ability to determine or significantly influence the outcome of       
       matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own             
       significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding  
       common stock;                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    vacancies on our board of directors will be able to be filled only   
       by our board of directors and not by stockholders;                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
       a special meeting of our stockholders will only be able to be        
  •    called by a majority of our board of directors, the                  
       chairperson of our board of directors, our Chief Executive Officer,  
       or our President;                                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       advance notice procedures will apply for stockholders to nominate    
  •    candidates for election as directors or to bring                     
       matters before an annual meeting of stockholders;                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not       
       provide for cumulative voting;                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will allow     
       stockholders to remove directors only for cause;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will           
  •    authorize undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which           
       may be established and shares of which may be issued by our board    
       of directors, without further action by our stockholders;            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       after the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B  
       common stock represent less than a majority of                       
       the total combined voting power of our Class A common stock and our  
  •    Class B common stock (the “Voting Threshold Date”), our              
       stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of        
       stockholders and will not be able to take                            
       action by written consent for any matter; and                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    certain litigation against us will only be able to be brought in     
       Delaware.                                                            
                                                                            
These provisions, alone or together, could discourage, delay, or prevent a
transaction involving a change in control of our company. These provisions
could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take
other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain
circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a
premium for their shares of our Class A common stock, and could also affect
the market price of our Class A common stock. 7

Our amended and restated bylaws will designate a state or federal court
located within the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the
United States as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between
us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to
choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers,
or employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective immediately
prior to the
completion of our initial public offering, will provide that, unless we
consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative
action or
proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of
breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other
employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to
any provision of
the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws or (iv) any other
action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine
shall be the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not
have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware),
in all cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable
parties named as
defendants, and provided that this exclusive forum provision will not apply
to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal
and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly,
both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To
prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat
of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other
considerations, our amended
and restated bylaws also provide that the federal district courts of the
United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act.
However, while the Delaware
Supreme Court ruled in March 2020 that federal forum selection provisions
purporting to require claims under the Securities Act be brought in federal
court are “facially valid” under Delaware law, there is uncertainty as to
whether other
courts will enforce our federal forum provision. If the federal forum
provision is found to be unenforceable, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning
(or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall
be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions.
Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing
increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal
securities laws in the
types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may
limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its
choosing for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers,
stockholders, or other
employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims against
us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders, or other
employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with the federal
securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our
exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either
exclusive forum provision contained in our amended and restated bylaws to be
unenforceable or
inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with
resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results
of operations.

8

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the
documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which
statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or
operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,”
“expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “intend,” “target,” “project,”
“contemplate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue”
or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that
concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking
statements contained in this prospectus include statements about:
                                                                            
       our future financial performance, including our expectations         
  •    regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, and operating                
       expenses, and our ability to achieve or maintain future              
       profitability;                                                       
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our         
       liquidity needs;                                                     
                                                                            
                                              
  •    the demand for our Software and Apps;  
                                              
                                                                      
  •    our ability to attract and retain business clients and users;  
                                                                      
                                                                            
       our ability to develop new products, features, and enhancements for  
  •    our Core Technologies and Software and to launch or                  
       acquire new Apps and successfully monetize them;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to compete with existing and new competitors in          
       existing and new markets and offerings;                              
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies and      
  •    assets and to expand and diversify our operations                    
       through strategic acquisitions and partnerships;                     
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain the security and availability of our Core    
       Technologies, Software, and Apps;                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       our expectations regarding the effects of existing and developing    
  •    laws and regulations, including with respect to                      
       taxation and privacy and data protection;                            
                                                                            
                                                                 
  •    our ability to manage risk associated with our business;  
                                                                 
                                                             
  •    our expectations regarding new and evolving markets;  
                                                             
                                                      
  •    our ability to develop and protect our brand;  
                                                      
                                                          
  •    our expectations and management of future growth;  
                                                          
                                                                      
  •    our expectations concerning relationships with third parties;  
                                                                      
                                                                       
  •    our ability to attract and retain employees and key personnel;  
                                                                       
                                                                            
  •    our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual        
       property;                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •    the increased expenses associated with being a public company; and  
                                                                           
                                                                            
  •    our anticipated uses of net proceeds from our initial public         
       offering.                                                            
                                                                            
We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-
looking statements made in this prospectus or the documents incorporated by
reference herein. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as
predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements
contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference
herein primarily on our current expectations and projections about future
events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects. The outcome of the events
described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks,
uncertainties, and other factors, including those described in the section
titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus and the documents
incorporated by reference herein. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive
and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from
time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and
uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements
contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. We cannot assure
you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-
looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or
circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-
looking statements. Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility
for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking
statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made or incorporated by
reference in this prospectus relate only to events as of the date on which
the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-
looking statements made in this prospectus to reflect events or
circumstances after the date of this prospectus or to reflect new
information, actual results, revised 9

expectations, or incorporated by reference or the occurrence of
unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve
the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in
our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on
our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not
reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, partnerships,
mergers, dispositions, joint
ventures, or investments we may make.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our
beliefs and opinions
on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information
available to us as of the date of this prospectus, and while we believe such
information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or
incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have
conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially
available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain
and investors are cautioned not
to unduly rely upon these statements.

10

USE OF PROCEEDS

We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares. All
proceeds from the sale of the Shares will be for the account of the Selling
Stockholders, as described below. See the sections titled “Selling
Stockholders” and “Plan of Distribution” described below.

11

SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth information regarding
beneficial ownership of our Class A common stock as of April 14, 2021, as
adjusted to reflect the Shares that may be sold from time to time pursuant
to this prospectus, for all Selling Stockholders, consisting of the
individuals shown as having shares listed in the column entitled “Class A
Common Stock Being Offered.” The Shares offered by the Selling Stockholders
hereunder include an aggregate of 5,548,138 outstanding Shares acquired by
certain of our current and former employees, consultants, and advisors
pursuant to the Plan, as described in this prospectus. We have determined
beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and thus it
represents sole or shared voting or investment power with respect to our
Class A common stock. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge,
the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole
investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially owned as
of April 14, 2021, subject to community property laws where applicable. The
information does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any other
purpose, including for purposes of Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the
Securities Act. In computing the number of shares of our Class A common
stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that
person, we have deemed shares of our Class A common stock subject to stock
options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of
April 14, 2021 to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person
holding the stock option for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of that person. We have based percentage ownership of our Class A
common stock before this offering on 210,775,334 shares of our Class A
common stock, 147,807,622 shares of our Class B common stock and no shares
of our Class C common stock outstanding as of April 14, 2021, which
includes:
                                                                            
       42,564,150 shares of Class F common stock that will automatically    
       convert into an equal number of shares of                            
       Class A common stock immediately prior to the completion of our      
  •    initial public offering, 12,900,000 of which will be exchanged for   
       an equal number of shares of Class B common stock immediately prior  
       to the completion of our initial public                              
       offering; and                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
       109,090,908 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock that      
       will be converted into an equal number of shares of our              
  •    Class A common stock and then will be exchanged for an equal number  
       of shares of Class B common stock immediately prior to the           
       completion of our initial public offering.                           
                                                                            
The percentage ownership of our Class A common stock before this offering
also assumes the issuance and sale of 22,500,000 shares of Class A common
stock by us in our initial public offering, the sale of 2,500,000 shares of
Class A common stock by the selling stockholder in our initial public
offering, and no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase from the
selling stockholder 3,750,000 additional shares of our Class A common stock
in our initial public offering. The table below does not reflect any shares
of Class A common stock that may be purchased pursuant to the directed share
program that is part of our initial public offering. Unless otherwise
indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed below is c/o Applovin
Corporation, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304.
                                                                            
              Class A                                Class A                
               Common                    Class A      Common                
                Stock                     Common       Stock                
             Benefic…                      Stock    Benefic…                
                Owned                      Being       Owned                
                Prior                    Offered       After                
               to the                                    the                
             Offering                               Offerin…                
  Selling      Shares    Percent…         Shares      Shares    Percen…     
  Stockh…                                                                   
  Named                                                                     
  Selling    28,028,…        13.2  %    4,093,9…    23,934,…       11.2  %  
  Stockh…                                                                   
  Rafael     5,219,6…         2.5  %     779,194    4,440,4…        2.1  %  
  Vivas(…                                                                   
  Mark       4,500,0…         2.1  %     675,000    3,825,0…        1.8  %  
  Rosner…                                                                   
                                                                            
12
                                                                            
       Assumes that all of the Shares held by each Selling Stockholder and  
  (1)  being offered under this prospectus are sold, and                    
       that no Selling Stockholder will acquire additional shares of Class  
       A common stock before the completion of this offering.               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Includes the following 292 named non-affiliate selling               
       stockholders: Syed                                                   
       Abidi, Afaq Ahmed, Andrew Ahn, Jonathan Ahnert, Anthony Alayo,       
       Brent Allard, Abhishek Ambre, Liubov Anashina, Swetha Anbarasan,     
       David Anderson, Jatin Aneja, Harry Arakkal, Jose Luis Roberto        
       Asuncion, Rodolfo Baez, Santosh Bagadi, Parya Bahrani,               
       Vijaya Baipaneni, Neil Baquiran, Joshua Barger, Berkay Barutcu,      
       Jonathon Battista, Kelly Baykal, Ilya Berger, Betsey Sipple,         
       Trustee of Casey Sipple 2020 Trust, Betsey Sipple, Trustee of Jack   
       Sipple 2020 Trust, Betsey Sipple, Trustee of Ryan Sipple             
       2020 Trust, Betsey Sipple, Trustee of Shayden Sipple 2020 Trust,     
       Sunny Bhasin, Briana Billingham, Arya Bondarian, Joshua Bonvino,     
       Matthew Bornski, Bojana Bozic, Matthew Buchwald, Nathan Bui, Iris    
       Burstein, Christian Calderon, James Caldwell, John                   
       Calhoun, Idil Canal, Vince Chan, Adam Chandler, Tony Chau, Andy      
       Chen, Benjamin Chen, Ge Chen, Jui Wen Chen, Po-An Chen, Richard      
       Chen, Ye Chen, Jonathan Chichioco, Eunhyang Choi, Hanui Choi,        
       Weonseok Choi,                                                       
       Harrison Chow, Cheryl Chua, Youngik Chung, Anthony Cihak,            
       Christopher Cong, Kelsey Copeland, Joseph Cunniffe, Dominic Davies,  
       Dinesh Deiveegan, Alexandre Delbarre, Mary Dilworth, Jessica Dolan,  
       Dmitriy Dorosh, Yuvika Dube, Emma Egan-Lawless, Michael              
       Eisenberg, Zoey Engel, Negin Etemad, Alex Fan, William Farnan,       
       Colin Felton, Benjamin Figueroa, Richard Filippini, Danielle         
       Fisher, Nick Fong, Michael Fortune, David Gaballa, Wyatt Gable,      
       Christine Gamab, Saloni Gangal, Jerusalem Gezahegan, Zachary         
       Gill, Joshua Gleeson, Maria Golcz, Frances Nachman Jones, Trustee    
       of The Bailey Jones Irrevocable Trust, Frances Nachman Jones,        
       Trustee of The Riley Jones Irrevocable Trust, Joshua Gong, Carlos    
       Gonzalez, Brett Gough, Philip Graham, Jacob Grate, Adam              
       Grossman, Alice Guillaume, Sonal Gupta, Joyce Gutierrez, Geoff       
       Hamm, Hamm 12.20-1 GRAT, Hamm 12.20-2 GRAT, Hamm 12.20-3 GRAT,       
       Hamm 12.20-4 GRAT, Omer Hasan, Norikazu Hayashi, William Hayward,    
       Johannes Heinze, Thomas Heinze, Rachael Herb-Neterer, Phillip        
       Hersh, Shijie Huang, Sergey Ignatov, Emelyne Interior, Ravi          
       Jagannathan, Abhi                                                    
       Jain, Marissa Jankowski, Mohammad Javed, John Simon Jeffery,         
       Katelyn Jensen, Yiqing Jiang, Maggie Jin, Xiuying Jin, Mark          
       Johnston, Jacqueline Anne Jones, James Jones, Richard Jones, Thomas  
       Nachman Jones, Karan Kajla, Ram Kandasamy, William Kang,             
       Tomoya Katagi, Amandeep Kaur, Keith Kawahata, Dylan Kennamer, Tyler  
       Kent, Natalie Klinkhammer, Kellie Knight, Fumiyuki Kojima, Gabor     
  (2)  Kondas, Tada Kongjonrak, Joshua Krepon, Nicholas Krystynak,          
       Valentyna Kulchitska, Sarah Lafferty, Brian Le, Nicholas             
       Le, Jason Lee, Thomas Lemrond, Lewis Leong, Abigail Levine, Robert   
       Li, Sha Li, Shusheng Lin, Christina Liu, Minjing Liu, Mi Ru Liu,     
       Richard Liu, Carl Livie, Eduardo Llach, Katja Llach, Ethan Lo, Kai   
       Lu, Tao Luo, Ivy Luong, Lin Ma, Lawrence Mann,                       
       Yuki Manno, Patrick McNenny, Hinal Mehta, Alexander Merutka, Naveen  
       Mewani, Joseph John Milla, Amy Mills, Gil Mincberg, Dominic          
       Minogue, Neil Mithipati, Yohei Miyai, John Miyoshi, Kae Mochida,     
       Azadeh Mohseni, Jennifer Morris, Kyler Murlas, Matt                  
       Murphy, Michael Murphy, Rina Nakamura, Yu Nakamura, Joyce Nasu,      
       Neha Gupta and Sahil Gupta, Trustees of the Gupta Family             
       Irrevocable Trust dated as of 3/29/2021, Anthony Ngai, Henry Ngai,   
       Diana Nguyen, Kali Nguyen, Lillian Nguyen, Pejman Nowzad,            
       Omer Hasan and Shagufta Mansoor, Trustees of the A/H Trust, Omer     
       Hasan and Shagufta Mansoor, Trustees of Hasan/Mansoor Descendants’   
       Trust, Alexandra Osborn-Jones, Chansun Park, Jina Park, Darby        
       Payne, Samantha Pena, Rebecca Peng, Ryan Perry,                      
       Atmananda Persaud, Laura Pfister, Sebastian Plehn, Steven Quach,     
       Eugen Quiring, Rajiv Ragu, Anusha Ramesh, Anish Rao, Vikram Ravi     
       Narayanan, Imtiaz Razzak, Andy Reimann, Steven Richter, Kenneth      
       Roberts, Eli Rosen, Robert Russo, Furqan Rydhan, Cody                
       Sacerdoti, Tatsuo Sakamoto, Florida Santiago, Meilani Santillan,     
       Shellie Schenck, David Scherzinger, Peter K. Schlaefer, Michael      
       Ryan, James Schmidt, Michael Selvidge, Benjamin Sergeant, Neerav     
       Sharma, Robert Scott Shipman, Michael Silk, Thomas                   
       Sipple, David Situ, Adam Smith, Corey Smith, Virginia Smith, Thomas  
       So, Ankit Soni, Kyle Sosnowski, Emmanuel Souganidis, Simon Spaull,   
       Andrei Stankevich, Katelyn Strobel, Matt Stumpf, Matthew Szaro,      
       Nicholas Talarico, Stephen Talarico, Akira                           
       Taninaka, Kenneth Taylor, Daniel Tchernahovsky, Bret Terrill,        
       Victoria Teshome, Pranav Thakkar, Andrew Tian, Ashish Tiwari,        
       Enrico Tombari, Ross Treyz, Jerome Turnbull, Joseph Urban, Vineeth   
       Veetil, Hugo Velis, VST 2021 GRAT, Victoria Teshome as               
       Trustee, Kanishka Wadhwa, Siyang Wang, Sean Webster, Lloyd           
       Whitcraft, Ariana Whitson, Crystal Witten, Henry Wong, Helen Wu      
       Merlin, Le Xu, Takayasu Yajima, Aki Yamasaki, Alejandro Yang,        
       Carolyn Yang, Breannah Yeh, Deborah Yeung, Charles Yong, Joon        
       Yoo, Miao You, Irene Yu, Chris Zaharias, Jennifer Zhang, Jiaqi       
       Zhang, Yan Zhang, Amery Zhen, Li Zheng, Kuo Zhong, Shien Zhu, Yujia  
       Zhu and Alyona Zviagina. Each of these persons or entities           
       beneficially owns less than 1% of our Class A common                 
       stock.                                                               
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of 4,994,631 shares of our Class A common stock held of     
  (3)  record by Rafael Vivas and 225,000 shares of our                     
       Class A common stock issuable to Rafael Vivas upon the exercise of   
       options within 60 days of April 14, 2021.                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       Consists of 2,250,000 shares of our Class A common stock held of     
  (4)  record by Mark Rosner and 2,250,000 shares of                        
       our Class A Common stock held by Mark Rosner as Trustee of The       
       Rosner Family 2018 Trust.                                            
                                                                            
13

PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We are registering the Shares covered by this
prospectus to permit the Selling Stockholders to conduct public secondary
trading of these Shares from time to time after the date of this prospectus.
We will not receive any of the proceeds of the sale of the Shares offered by
this prospectus. The aggregate proceeds to the Selling Stockholders from the
sale of the Shares will be the purchase price of the Shares less any
discounts and commissions. We will not pay any brokers’ or underwriters’
discounts and commissions in connection with the registration and sale of
the Shares covered by this prospectus. The Selling Stockholders reserve the
right to accept and, together with their respective agents, to reject, any
proposed purchases of Shares to be made directly or through agents. The
Shares offered by this prospectus may be sold from time to time to
purchasers:
                                                 
  •    directly by the Selling Stockholders, or  
                                                 
                                                                            
       through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, who may receive      
  •    compensation in the form of discounts, commissions or                
       agent’s commissions from the Selling Stockholders or the purchasers  
       of the Shares.                                                       
                                                                            
Any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents who participate in the sale or
distribution of the Shares may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the
meaning of the Securities Act. As a result, any discounts, commissions or
concessions received by any such broker-dealer or agents who are deemed to
be underwriters will be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions
under the Securities Act. Underwriters are subject to the prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act and may be subject to certain
statutory liabilities under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. We will
make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders for the
purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
Act. To our knowledge, there are currently no plans, arrangements or
understandings between the Selling Stockholders and any underwriter, broker-
dealer or agent regarding the sale of the Shares by the Selling
Stockholders. The Shares may be sold in one or more transactions at:
                      
  •    fixed prices;  
                      
                                                      
  •    prevailing market prices at the time of sale;  
                                                      
                                                         
  •    prices related to such prevailing market prices;  
                                                         
                                                          
  •    varying prices determined at the time of sale; or  
                                                          
                           
  •    negotiated prices.  
                           
These sales may be effected in one or more transactions:
                                                                            
       on any national securities exchange or quotation service on which    
  •    the Shares may be listed or quoted at the time of                    
       sale, including the Nasdaq Global Select Market;                     
                                                                            
                                        
  •    in the over-the-counter market;  
                                        
                                                                            
  •    in transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or services or in   
       the over-the-counter market;                                         
                                                                            
                                                         
  •    any other method permitted by applicable law; or  
                                                         
                                                  
  •    through any combination of the foregoing.  
                                                  
These transactions may include block transactions or crosses. Crosses are
transactions in which the same broker acts as an agent on both sides of the
trade. At the time a particular offering of the Shares is made, a prospectus
supplement, if required, will be distributed, which will set forth the name
of the Selling Stockholders, the aggregate amount of Shares being offered
and the terms of the offering, including, to the extent required, (1) the
name or names of any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, (2) any
discounts, commissions and other terms constituting compensation from the
Selling Stockholders and (3) any discounts, commissions or concessions
allowed or reallowed to be paid to broker-dealers. 14

The Selling Stockholders will act independently of us in making decisions
with respect to the timing,
manner, and size of each resale or other transfer. There can be no assurance
that the Selling Stockholders will sell any or all of the Shares under this
prospectus. Further, we cannot assure you that the Selling Stockholders will
not transfer,
distribute, devise or gift the Shares by other means not described in this
prospectus. In addition, any Shares covered by this prospectus that qualify
for sale under Rule 144 of the Securities Act may be sold under Rule 144
rather than
under this prospectus. The Shares may be sold in some states only through
registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the
Shares may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for
sale or an exemption from
registration or qualification is available and complied with.

The Selling Stockholders and any other person participating in the sale of
the Shares
will be subject to the Exchange Act. The Exchange Act rules include, without
limitation, Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales
of any of the Shares by the Selling Stockholders and any other person. In
addition,
Regulation M may restrict the ability of any person engaged in the
distribution of the Shares to engage in market-making activities with
respect to the particular Shares being distributed. This may affect the
marketability of the Shares and the
ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making activities with
respect to the Shares.

The Selling Stockholders may indemnify any broker
or underwriter that participates in transactions involving the sale of the
Shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the
Securities Act.

15

LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the Shares offered hereby has been passed upon
by Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., Palo Alto, California. EXPERTS
The financial statements of Applovin Corporation and subsidiaries
incorporated herein by reference have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP,
an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report
incorporated by reference herein. Such financial statements are incorporated
by reference herein in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon
their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. The consolidated
financial statements of Machine Zone, Inc. as of December 31, 2018 and 2019
and for each of the years in the two-yearperiod ended December 31, 2019,
have been incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon the report of
KPMG LLP (KPMG), independent auditors, appearing elsewhere incorporated by
reference and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing. Applovin has agreed to indemnify and hold KPMG harmless against
and from any and all legal costs and expenses incurred by KPMG in successful
defense of any legal action or proceeding that arises as a result of KPMG’s
consent to the incorporation by reference of its audit report on Machine
Zone, Inc.’s past financial statements incorporated by reference in this
registration statement. INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The following
documents filed with the SEC are hereby incorporated by reference in this
prospectus:
                                                                            
       Amendment No.                                                        
       2 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with  
  •    the SEC on April 7, 2021 (File No. 333-253800), which contains the   
       registrant’s audited financial statements for the latest fiscal      
       year for which such statements have been filed.                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The registrant’s Prospectus to be filed on or about April 15, 2021   
  •    pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the                                    
       Securities Act, relating to the Registration Statement on Form S-1,  
       as amended (File No. 333-253800).                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The description of the registrant’s Class                            
       A common stock which is contained in a registration statement on     
  •    Form 8-A filed on April 12, 2021                                     
       (File No. 001-40325) under the Exchange Act, including any           
       amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such           
       description.                                                         
                                                                            
All documents filed by the registrant pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14
and 15(d) of the Exchange Act on or after the date of this Registration
Statement and prior to the filing of a post-effective amendment to this
Registration Statement that indicates that all securities offered have been
sold or that deregisters all securities then remaining unsold shall be
deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement and to
be part hereof from the date of filing of such documents; provided, however,
that documents or information deemed to have been furnished and not filed in
accordance with the rules of the SEC shall not be deemed incorporated by
reference into this Registration Statement. Any statement contained in a
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall
be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Registration
Statement to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any
subsequently filed document which also is deemed to be incorporated by
reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement
so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or
superseded, to constitute a part of this Registration Statement. 16

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

We file annual, quarterly and other reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over
the
Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K,
including any amendments to those reports, and other information that we
file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act can also be accessed free of charge by
linking directly from our website at www.applovin.com. These filings will be
available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file
such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained on our
website is not part of
this prospectus.

The registrant hereby undertakes to provide without charge to each person,
including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this
prospectus is delivered, upon written or oral request of any such person, a
copy of any and all of the information that has been incorporated by
reference in this prospectus but not delivered with the prospectus other
than the exhibits to those
documents, unless the exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference
into the information that this prospectus incorporates. Requests for
documents should be directed to Applovin Corporation, Attention: Chief Legal
Officer and Corporate
Secretary, 1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, (800) 839-9646.

17

PART I INFORMATION REQUIRED IN THE SECTION 10(A) PROSPECTUS Item 1. Plan
Information.* Item 2. Registration Information and Employee Plan Annual
Information.*
                                                                            
     Information required by Part I to be contained in the Section 10(a)    
  *  prospectus is omitted from this Registration                           
     Statement in accordance with Rule 428 under the Securities Act and     
     the “Note” to Part I of Form S-8.                                      
                                                                            
I-1

PART II INFORMATION REQUIRED IN REGISTRATION STATEMENT Item 3. Incorporation
of Documents by Reference. The following documents filed with the SEC are
hereby incorporated by reference in this prospectus:
                                                                            
       Amendment No.                                                        
       2 to the registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with  
  •    the SEC on April 7, 2021 (File No. 333-253800), which contains the   
       registrant’s audited financial statements for the latest fiscal      
       year for which such statements have been filed.                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The registrant’s Prospectus to be filed on or about April 15, 2021   
  •    pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the                                    
       Securities Act, relating to the Registration Statement on Form S-1,  
       as amended (File No. 333-253800).                                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
       The description of the registrant’s Class                            
       A common stock which is contained in a registration statement on     
  •    Form 8-A filed on April 12, 2021                                     
       (File No. 001-40325) under the Exchange Act, including any           
       amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such           
       description.                                                         
                                                                            
All documents filed by the registrant pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14
and 15(d) of the Exchange Act on or after the date of this Registration
Statement and prior to the filing of a post-effective amendment to this
Registration Statement that indicates that all securities offered have been
sold or that deregisters all securities then remaining unsold shall be
deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement and to
be part hereof from the date of filing of such documents; provided, however,
that documents or information deemed to have been furnished and not filed in
accordance with the rules of the SEC shall not be deemed incorporated by
reference into this Registration Statement. Any statement contained in a
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall
be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this Registration
Statement to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any
subsequently filed document which also is deemed to be incorporated by
reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement
so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or
superseded, to constitute a part of this Registration Statement. Item 4.
Description of Securities. Not applicable. Item 5. Interests of Named
Experts and Counsel. Not applicable. Item 6. Indemnification of Directors
and Officers. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes
a corporation’s board of directors to grant, and authorizes a court to
award, indemnity to officers, directors, and other corporate agents. The
Registrant has adopted an amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
which will become effective immediately prior to the completion of the
Registrant’s initial public offering and which will contain provisions that
limit the liability of its directors for monetary damages to the fullest
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Consequently, the
Registrant’s directors will not be personally liable to the Registrant or
its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as
directors, except liability for the following:
                                                                            
  •    any breach of their duty of loyalty to the Registrant or its         
       stockholders;                                                        
                                                                            
II-1
                                                                            
  •    any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional   
       misconduct or a knowing violation of law;                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
       unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or      
  •    redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the                        
       Delaware General Corporation Law; or                                 
                                                                            
                                                                            
  •    any transaction from which they derived an improper personal         
       benefit.                                                             
                                                                            
Any amendment to, or repeal of, these provisions will not eliminate or
reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act, omission, or
claim that occurred or arose prior to that amendment or repeal. If the
Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further
limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the
personal liability of the Registrant’s directors will be further limited to
the greatest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. In
addition, the Registrant’s amended and restated bylaws, which will become
effective immediately prior to the completion of the Registrant’s initial
public offering, and which will provide that the Registrant will indemnify,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any person who is or was a party or
is threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was one of the Registrant’s
directors or officers or is or was serving at the Registrant’s request as a
director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise. The Registrant’s amended and restated bylaws will
provide that the Registrant may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by
law any person who is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to
any action, suit, or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or
was one of the Registrant’s employees or agents or is or was serving at the
Registrant’s request as an employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise. The Registrant’s
amended and restated bylaws will also provide that the Registrant must
advance expenses incurred by or on behalf of a director or officer in
advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, subject to
limited exceptions. Further, the Registrant has entered into indemnification
agreements with each of its directors and executive officers that may be
broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained in the
Delaware General Corporation Law. These indemnification agreements require
the Registrant, among other things, to indemnify its directors and executive
officers against liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or
service. These indemnification agreements also require the Registrant to
advance all expenses incurred by the directors and executive officers in
investigating or defending any such action, suit, or proceeding. The
Registrant believes that these agreements are necessary to attract and
retain qualified individuals to serve as directors and executive officers.
The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions will be included
in the Registrant’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
amended and restated bylaws and the indemnification agreements that the
Registrant has entered into with its directors and executive officers may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against the Registrant’s
directors and executive officers for breach of their fiduciary duties. They
may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against the
Registrant’s directors and executive officers, even though an action, if
successful, might benefit the Registrant and other stockholders. Further, a
stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent that the
Registrant pays the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors
and executive officers as required by these indemnification provisions. At
present, the Registrant is not aware of any pending litigation or proceeding
involving any person who is or was one of the Registrant’s directors,
officers, employees, or other agents or is or was serving at its request as
a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, for which indemnification is
sought, and the Registrant is not aware of any threatened litigation that
may result in claims for indemnification. The Registrant has obtained
insurance policies under which, subject to the limitations of the policies,
coverage is provided to the Registrant’s directors and executive officers
against loss arising from claims made by reason of breach of fiduciary duty
or other wrongful acts as a director or executive officer, including claims
relating to public securities matters, and to the Registrant with respect to
payments that may be made by the Registrant to these directors and executive
officers pursuant to its indemnification obligations or otherwise as a
matter of law. II-2

Certain of the Registrant’s non-employeedirectors may, through their
relationships with their employers, be insured or indemnified against
certain liabilities incurred in their capacity as members of the
Registrant’s Board of Directors. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or
persons controlling the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the
Registrant has been informed that, in the opinion of the Commission, such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
and is therefore unenforceable. Item 7. Exemption from Registration Claimed.
The issuance of the Shares being offered by the Form S-3resale prospectus
were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act in
reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (or Regulation D or
Regulation S promulgated thereunder), or Rule 701 promulgated under Section
3(b) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving any
public offering or pursuant to benefit plans and contracts relating to
compensation as provided under Rule 701. The recipients of the securities in
each of these transactions represented their intentions to acquire the
securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in
connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were
placed upon the stock certificates issued in these transactions. All
recipients had adequate access, through their relationships with us, to
information about the registrant. Item 8. Exhibits. EXHIBIT INDEX
                                                                            
                                Incorpo…                                    
  Exhibit                       by                                          
                                Referen…                                    
  Number     Exhibit     Form               File No.    Exhibit    Filing   
             Descrip…                                              Date     
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Certifi…                                                       
             of                                                             
             Incorpo…                                                       
  4.1        of the      S-1                333-253…        3.1    March    
             registr…                                              2, 2021  
             as                                                             
             amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             current…                                                       
             in                                                             
             effect.                                                        
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Bylaws                                                         
             of the                                                         
  4.2        registr…    S-1                333-253…        3.3    March    
             as                                                    2, 2021  
             amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             current…                                                       
             in                                                             
             effect.                                                        
             Form of                                                        
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Certifi…                                                       
             of                                                             
             Incorpo…                                                       
             of the                                                         
             registr…                                              March    
  4.3        to be       S-1/A              333-253…        3.2    22,      
             effecti…                                              2021     
             immedia…                                                       
             prior to                                                       
             the                                                            
             complet…                                                       
             of the                                                         
             registr…                                                       
             initial                                                        
             public                                                         
             offerin…                                                       
             Form of                                                        
             Amended                                                        
             and                                                            
             Restated                                                       
             Bylaws                                                         
             of the                                                         
             registr…                                                       
             to be                                                 March    
  4.4        effecti…    S-1/A              333-253…        3.4    22,      
             immedia…                                              2021     
             prior to                                                       
             the                                                            
             complet…                                                       
             of the                                                         
             registr…                                                       
             initial                                                        
             public                                                         
             offerin…                                                       
             Form of                                                        
             Class                                                          
             A common                                              March    
  4.5        stock       S-1                333-253…        4.1    2, 2021  
             certifi…                                                       
             of the                                                         
             registr…                                                       
             Opinion                                                        
             of                                                             
             Wilson                                                         
  5.1*       Sonsini                                                        
             Goodrich                                                       
             &                                                              
             Rosati,                                                        
             P.C.                                                           
             Consent                                                        
             of                                                             
             Deloitte                                                       
             & Touche                                                       
  23.1*      LLP,                                                           
             Indepen…                                                       
             Registe…                                                       
             Public                                                         
             Account…                                                       
             Firm.                                                          
             Consent                                                        
  23.2*      of KPMG,                                                       
             Indepen…                                                       
             Auditor…                                                       
             Consent                                                        
             of                                                             
             Wilson                                                         
             Sonsini                                                        
             Goodrich                                                       
             &                                                              
  23.3*      Rosati,                                                        
             P.C.                                                           
             (includ…                                                       
             in                                                             
             Exhibit                                                        
             5.1                                                            
             hereto).                                                       
             Power of                                                       
             Attorney                                                       
             (includ…                                                       
  24.1*      on the                                                         
             signatu…                                                       
             page                                                           
             hereto).                                                       
             Applovin                                                       
             Corpora…                                                       
             2011                                                           
             Equity                                                March    
  99.1       Incenti…    S-1                333-253…       10.2    2, 2021  
             Plan and                                                       
             related                                                        
             form                                                           
             agreeme…                                                       
                                                                            
                      
  *  Filed herewith.  
                      
II-3

Item 9. Undertakings.
                                                     
  A.  The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:  
                                                     
                                                                            
       To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made,  
  (1)  a post-effective amendment to this Registration                      
       Statement:                                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
  (i)  To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the        
       Securities Act;                                                      
                                                                            
                                                                            
        To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the  
        effective date of the Registration Statement (or                    
        the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which,            
        individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change    
        in the information set forth in the Registration Statement.         
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume   
        of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities      
  (ii)  offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any         
        deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum         
        offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed     
        with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate,   
        the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20         
        percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth    
        in the “Calculation of Registration Fee”                            
        table in the effective Registration Statement; and                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
         To include any material information with respect to the plan of    
  (iii)  distribution not previously disclosed in the                       
         Registration Statement or any material change to such information  
         in the Registration Statement.                                     
                                                                            
Provided, however, that paragraphs (A)(1)(i) and (A)(1)(ii) do not apply if
the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by
those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the
Commission by the Registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this Registration
Statement.
                                                                            
       For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities    
       Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be                     
  (2)  deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the            
       securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at   
       that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering       
       thereof.                                                             
                                                                            
                                                                            
       It will remove from registration by means of a post-effective        
  (3)  amendment any of the securities being registered which               
       remain unsold at the termination of the offering.                    
                                                                            
                                                                            
      The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of    
      determining any liability under the Securities Act,                   
      each filing of the Registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section     
      13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable,    
      each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to   
  B.  Section 15(d) of the                                                  
      Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the Registration   
      Statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement          
      relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such  
      securities at that time shall be deemed to be the                     
      initial bona fide offering thereof.                                   
                                                                            
II-4
                                                                            
      Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the          
      Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers                
      and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing   
      provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in     
      the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public  
      policy as expressed in the Securities Act and                         
      is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for           
      indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by   
  C.  the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer    
      or controlling person of the Registrant in the                        
      successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by  
      such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the   
      securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the       
      opinion of its counsel the matter has been                            
      settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate    
      jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is       
      against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be  
      governed by the final adjudication of such issue.                     
                                                                            
II-5

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the
registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-8and has duly caused this
Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Palo Alto, State of California, on
the 15th day of April, 2021.
                                                      
       APPLOVIN CORPORATION                           
  By:                        /s/ Adam Foroughi        
                             Adam Foroughi            
                             Chief Executive Officer  
                                                      
POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Adam Foroughi, Herald Chen
and Victoria Valenzuela, and each one of them, as their true and lawful
attorneys-in-factand agents, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for them and in their name, place, and stead, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective
amendments) to this registration statement on Form S-8,and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-
factand agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in
connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-
in-factand agents or any of them, or their substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has
been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.
                                                                            
                             Title                                          
                             Chief Executive Officer and                    
                             Chairperson                                    
  Signature                  (Principal Executive           Date            
  /s/ Adam Foroughi          Officer)                       April 15, 2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Adam Foroughi                                                             
                             Chief Financial Officer,                       
  /s/ Herald Chen            President, and Director        April 15, 2021  
  Herald Chen                (Principal Financial                           
                             Officer)                                       
                             Chief Accounting Officer                       
                             (Principal Accounting          April 15, 2021  
                             Officer)                                       
  /s/ Elena Arutunian                                                       
  Elena Arutunian                                                           
  /s/ Craig Billings         Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Craig Billings                                                            
  /s/ Margaret Georgiadis    Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Margaret Georgiadis                                                       
  /s/ Edward Oberwager       Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Edward Oberwager                                                          
  /s/ Cathy Sun              Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Cathy Sun                                                                 
  /s/ Eduardo Vivas          Director                       April 15, 2021  
  Eduardo Vivas                                                             
                                                                            
